 

CYBERSPACE VITA, INC. (OTCMKTS:CYVA) Files An 8-K Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement - Market Exclusive


































                          Sign in Join Home  About Us  Privacy Policy  Disclaimer     Advertise On Market Exclusive About Marketexclusive.com Contributors Sitemap Submit a Scoop! Contact Us Become a Contributor!   Stock Market News Stocks  Analyst Ratings Insider Trading SEC Filings Earnings   Biotech Stocks Small Caps     Sign in  Welcome!Log into your accountyour usernameyour password
Forgot your password?   Sign up Welcome!Register for an account your emailyour username
A password will be e-mailed to you.   Password recovery Recover your passwordyour email     Search 
      Sign in / JoinMy Account orders                         Sign inWelcome! Log into your accountyour usernameyour password
Forgot your password? Get helpCreate an account Create an accountWelcome! Register for an accountyour emailyour username
A password will be e-mailed to you. Password recoveryRecover your passwordyour email
A password will be e-mailed to you.     Market Exclusive              Home  About Us  Privacy Policy  Disclaimer     Advertise On Market Exclusive About Marketexclusive.com Contributors Sitemap Submit a Scoop! Contact Us Become a Contributor!   Stock Market News Stocks  Analyst Ratings Insider Trading SEC Filings Earnings   Biotech Stocks Small Caps           

  Home  SEC Filings  CYBERSPACE VITA, INC. (OTCMKTS:CYVA) Files An 8-K Entry into a Material Definitive...     SEC Filings  CYBERSPACE VITA, INC. (OTCMKTS:CYVA) Files An 8-K Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement  ByME Staff 8-k -May 16, 2017 28  Share on Facebook
Tweet on Twitter


 CYBERSPACE VITA, INC. (OTCMKTS:CYVA) Files An 8-K Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement

Item 1.01 Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement.


Share Exchange Agreement


On May 11, 2017, Cyberspace Vita, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the
Company) entered into a share exchange agreement
(the Exchange Agreement) with Peter Zachariou,
the majority shareholder of the Company (the
Shareholder), Project 1493, LLC, a limited
liability company organized under the laws of the Commonwealth of
Puerto Rico (), and the sole member of 1493 (the Member),
to which the Member transferred all of the outstanding membership
interests of 1493 to the Company in exchange for 16,690,912
restricted shares of common stock of the Company (the Exchange
Shares), warrants to purchase up to 3,000,000 shares of common
stock at an exercise price of $0.50 per share for a period of
three (3) years from the date of issuance (the Exchange Warrants)
and 1,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock that grants the
holders thereof fifty-one percent (51%) voting power (the
Preferred Shares and together with the Exchange Shares, and the
Exchange Warrants, the Exchange Securities). The transaction
closed on May 11, 2017 (the Closing Date).


In connection with the Exchange Agreement, the Company is
withholding one hundred thousand (100,000) shares of common stock
of the Shareholder for a period of six (6) months, subject to
certain post-closing conditions.


As a result, 1493 became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the
Company, and the Member acquired a controlling interest in the
Company (the Share Exchange). For accounting
purposes, the Share Exchange was treated as an acquisition of
Cyberspace Vita and a recapitalization of 1493. 1493 is the
accounting acquirer, and the results of its operations carryover.
Accordingly, the operations of Cyberspace Vita are not carried
over and have been adjusted to $0.


In issuing the Exchange Securities to the Member, the Company
relied upon the exemption from registration provided by Section
4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, as, among
other things, the transaction did not involve a public offering
and the securities were acquired for investment purposes only and
not with a view to or for sale in connection with any
distribution thereof.


In connection with the Exchange Agreement, Alexander Diener, our
previous Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer,
Treasurer, Secretary and sole director resigned from all of his
positions with the Company effective May 11, 2017. Concurrently
therewith, Leslie Ball was appointed to serve as our Chief
Executive Officer and sole director, and Thomas Gingerich was
appointed to serve as our Chief Financial Officer.


Debt Exchange Agreement


On May 11, 2017, the Company also entered into a debt exchange
agreement (the Debt Exchange) with Fountainhead
Capital Management Limited (Fountainhead), a
related party, whereby Fountainhead agreed to cancel a promissory
note in the aggregate amount of $510,652 plus accrued interest of
$129,265, which represents all amounts owed to Fountainhead as of
the date of the Debt Exchange. As consideration, Fountainhead
received an aggregate of 1,800,000 shares of the Companys common
stock, of which 200,000 shares of common stock has previously
issued.


        

Private Placement Offering


On May 11, 2017, the Company entered into a subscription
agreement (the Subscription Agreement) with
selected accredited investors (each, an Investor
and, collectively, the Investors). to the terms
of the Subscription Agreement, the Company offered in a private
placement (the Offering) a minimum of $1,000,000
and up to a maximum of $3,300,000 of its securities, consisting
of (i) shares of its common stock (Shares); and
(ii) warrants to purchase shares of the Companys common stock
(the Warrants). Each Warrant shall be
exercisable at any time on or after the date of issuance for a
period of three (3) years at an exercise price per share equal to
$0.50 per share, subject to adjustment as provided in the
agreement evidencing the Warrants. The number of shares of common
stock underlying the Warrants is equal to 30% of the number of
Shares issued to each Investor in the Offering (the
Warrant Shares).


The Offering closed on May 11, 2017. The Company issued a total
of 8,461,538 Shares and 2,538,462 Warrants to purchase up to
2,538,462 shares of the Companys common stock, for total gross
proceeds of $3,300,000.


The foregoing descriptions of the Exchange Agreement, Debt
Exchange and Subscription Agreement does not purport to be
complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the
complete text of the Exchange Agreement, Debt Exchange and
Subscription Agreement, filed as Exhibits 10.1, 10.2, and 10.3,
respectively, hereto and incorporated herein by reference.


Other Issuances


In connection with the Exchange Agreement, Debt Exchange and
Subscription Agreement, the Company issued to certain consultants
an aggregate of 3,000,000 shares of common stock and warrants to
purchase up to an aggregate of 500,000 shares of common stock at
an exercise price of $0.50 per share for a period of three (3)
years from the date of issuance.


In connection with the foregoing issuances, the Company relied
upon the exemption from securities registration provided by
Section 4(a)(2) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the
Securities Act) for transactions not involving a
public offering.


Item 2.01 Completion of Acquisition or Disposition of
Assets.


As described in Item 1.01 above, on May 11, 2017, we acquired all
the issued and outstanding shares of 1493 to the Exchange
Agreement and 1493 became our wholly-owned subsidiary. The
acquisition was accounted for as a recapitalization effected by a
share exchange, wherein 1493 is considered the acquirer for
accounting and financial reporting purposes. The assets and
liabilities of 1493 have been brought forward at their book value
and no goodwill has been recognized.


As a result of the acquisition of all the issued and outstanding
membership interest of 1493, we have now assumed 1493s business
operations as our own and we are no longer a shell corporation as
the term is defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act and Rule
12b-2 of the Exchange Act.


FORM 10 DISCLOSURE


As disclosed elsewhere in this Current Report, on May 11, 2017,
we acquired 1493 in a reverse merger acquisition transaction.
Item 2.01(f) of Form 8-K states that if the registrant were a
shell company before a reverse merger transaction disclosed under
Item 2.01, then the registrant must disclose the information that
would be required if the registrant were filing a general form
for registration of securities under the Exchange Act on Form 10.


As we were a shell company defined in Rule 12b-2 under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act) immediately before the transaction, we provide
below the information that would be included for the registration
of securities on Form 10.


Description of Business


Effective on the Closing Date, to the Exchange Agreement, 1493
became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. The acquisition
of 1493 is treated as a reverse acquisition, and the business of
1493 became the business of the Company. At the time of the
reverse acquisition, Cyberspace Vita was not engaged in any
business activity.


References to the Company, Project 1493, 1493, we, us, our and
similar words refer to the Company, unless the context indicates
otherwise. References to Cyberspace Vita refers to the Company
and its business prior to the reverse acquisition.


Summary


Project 1493, LLC is a limited liability company organized under
the laws of the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico on March 17, 2017.
Cyberspace Vita is a Nevada corporation formed on November 7,
2006. Our offices are located at Cond. Madrid Suite 304, 1760
Loiza Street, San Juan, Puerto Rico 00911, and our telephone
number at such address is (787) 641-8447.


        

Business Overview


Cyberspace Vitas initial business plan was related to the online
sale of vitamins and supplements. Effective May 5, 2008,
Cyberspace Vita discontinued these operations. Prior to the
reverse acquisition, Cyberspace Vita did not have any significant
assets or operations.


Project 1493 is a limited liability company organized in Puerto
Rico on March 17, 2017. 1493s business plan relates to the
acquisition, development and operation of medical marijuana
dispensaries. 1493 intends to initially operate in Puerto Rico
and may potentially expand into other markets located within the
U.S. and U.S. territories in the future. However, there can be no
assurance that we will expand into such other markets.


As described in Item 1.01 above, on May 11, 2017, Cyberspace Vita
acquired all of the issued and outstanding membership interests
in 1493 to the Exchange Agreement, in exchange for 16,690,912
restricted shares of common stock of Cyberspace Vita, warrants to
purchase up to 3,000,000 shares of common stock at an exercise
price of $0.50 per share for a period of three (3) years from the
date of issuance, and 1,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock
that grants the holders thereof fifty-one percent (51%) voting
power. Thereafter, 1493 became Cyberspace Vitas wholly owned
subsidiary.


Our Business


Cyberspace Vita is a holding company that, through its
wholly-owned subsidiary, 1493, is in the business of acquiring,
developing and operating medical marijuana dispensaries in Puerto
Rico and as of the date of this report, is in the process of
acquiring four medical marijuana dispensaries, with a plan to
acquire an additional 15 dispensaries over the next 12-18 months.
The four facilities that are in the process of being acquired are
modelled after those in Denver, Colorado. The four dispensary
locations are in the following cities: (1) Fajardo, which is a
hub for boating and fishing and a launching port for islands
Vieques, Culebra, the U.S. Virgin Islands and the British Virgin
Islands; (2) Carolina, which is tourist center near Puerto Ricos
international airport and home of top luxury hotels and casinos;
(3) Dorado, which is deemed to be an affluent residential area in
Puerto Rico; and lastly (4) San Juan, the capital of Puerto Rico
and among the largest cruise destination ports.


We anticipate that all four dispensaries will be operational by
July 30, 2017. It is anticipated that costs associated with
operating the dispensaries will be approximately $600,000 per
dispensary, $100,000 of which will be used to obtain the license
to operate, $300,000 for operating capital, $200,000 to complete
the facility and for stock inventory. We also anticipate
requiring approximately $900,000 for working capital over the
next twelve months.


The Company anticipates earning revenue by selling medical
marijuana, edibles, pills, creams, patches and oral drops, and
paraphernalia such as vaporizes, The average net profit for
medical marijuana dispensaries is 20% in the U.S., according to a
study conducted by Marijuana Business Daily and the media annual
revenue is $1,200,000. We aim to undercut our competition by
acquiring our goods at a lower than average cost which we
anticipate will allow us to achieve 30% net margins, 50% higher
than the industry average.


The Four Dispensaries


The dispensaries that we are in the process of purchasing are
located in the following areas, which were chosen based on their
strategic location relevant to important factors such as
population density, disposable income, and proximity to key
commercial and district tourist destinations:





(1)


Carolina: The municipality of
Carolina is home to Luis Munos Marin Airport, Puerto Ricos
main airport. With a population density of 177,000, Carolina
is a center of manufacturing and commerce. The township has
one of the islands largest shopping areas, Plaza Carolina.
Carolina also has a high concentration of young
professionals, whom industry trends suggest is a growing user
class of medical marijuana. Carolina is also strategically
located between San Juan and the east coast of the island.
The east coast is home to many of the islands most
spectacular beaches, and a heavy tourist area.










(2)


Fajardo: Fajardo is located in the
Northeast coast of the island. It is known for its luxury
hotels such as the Waldorf Astoria and the Puerto Del Rey
Marina. While its population is only 36,000 it is the
watersports capital of the island as well as the primary
access point to the Keys of Puerto Rico and the British and
U.S. Virgin Islands and thus is a popular tourist spot and a
favorite vacation and recreational area for Puerto Rican
citizens.










(3)


Dorado: Dorado, situated 15 miles
west of San Juan, is a township located on the north shore of
Puerto Rico and the wealthiest community on the island with a
population of approximately 38,165 people. The municipalitys
demographic consists of upper-income and retired residents as
well as upper-income tourists. It is also the home to several
resort hotels such as Embassy Suites, Sheraton and the
Reserve at Ritz Carlton.










(4)


San Juan: the capital of Puerto
Rico, is the cultural and historic center of Puerto Rico with
the islands largest population center of 395,326. Well known
for the port at Old San Juan, and cruise ships that bring
thousands of tourists daily to the island. The hotels,
beaches and points of interest in the area attract millions
of visitors each year. Our goal in San Juan is to create a
flagship store to capitalize on the tourism in this area and
build a large local following of patients.




        

Business Model


We plan to operate as a service business specializing in the sale
of medical marijuana, edibles and paraphernalia, including, oils,
lotions, THC pills, vaporizers, rigs, grinders, t-shirts, hats,
logo items, and bongs and pipes with vaporizer attachments
through our strategically located dispensaries in Puerto Rico.


We intend to purchase our products from the largest and most
sophisticated grower on the island, who operates a state-of-the
art facility and currently has over 36 strands available and is
able to produce up to 2,000 pounds a week. We anticipate
procuring products at a 20% discount to current wholesale market
prices. We anticipate that based on such prices, we will realize
gross margins of approximately 75%.


We intend to sell and keep inventory of the top 5 selling brands,
which will be determined by sales velocity. We intend to use a
state-of-art CRM to track our customers, their buying habits and
monthly spend. Customer Segments will be categorized by age,
occupation and medical condition.


In addition, we will focus on providing the best and most
friendly customer service, and provide the highest quality brands
and widest variety possible in order to attract repeat business.
We expect to realize, although no assurance can be given,
approximately 30% net margins on edibles, with 50% net margins on
edibles and paraphernalia.


Revenue Streams:


We anticipate that revenues will be generated from the following:






Medical Cannabis, up to 10 strains in each dispensary.






Derivatives (oils, lotions, edibles, THC pills)






Paraphernalia (vaporizers, grinders, rigs, bongs and pipes
with vaporizer attachments)






Clothing (hats, t-shirts, logos)




Cost Structure: We intend to price our product at below
market rates, however we intend to market certain items as
boutique items, such as gourmet >

Marketing


Our marketing and sales strategy will be aimed at generating
long-term, repeat customers, as well as attracting tourists who
visit the island who wish to purchase medical marijuana. In order
to generate repeat customers, we intend to provide the highest
quality medical marijuana, at the lowest possible cost to insure
we build a loyal customer base. Further, we intend to train all
of our employees to provide excellent customer service.


At this time Puerto Rico only allows digital advertising for
medical marijuana. Thus, we intend to leverage the Internet and
social media platforms, including, Instagram, Facebook, Twitter,
YouTube, Google , LinkedIn, the Yellow Pages online, YELP and
over 50 marijuana websites we have identified. Our marketing will
focus on the wide variety of our cannabis products and their high
quality and low cost point relative to our competition.


We also intend to utilize blogs, micro-ads, testimonial
interviews, articles and deploy this media across all social
media channels and websites accessed by our customer targets.


Capital Requirements and Use of Proceeds


On May 11, 2017, we completed the Offering in which we sold to
shares of our common stock and warrants to selected accredited
investors for total gross proceeds of $3,300,000, the proceeds of
which will be used for opening and the operation of our four (4)
dispensaries.


As noted above, we anticipate that the costs associated with
opening and operating the dispensaries will $600,000 for each
dispensary, as follows:





1.


$100,000 representing costs associated with obtaining the
business license;





2.


$300,000 for working capital for the next 12 months;





3.


$100,000 to complete the build out of each dispensary; and





4.


$100,000 for equipment and starting inventory,




It is also anticipated that the remainder from the proceeds
received from the Offering will be used for general working
capital.


        

Competition


We face significant competition in all aspects of our business.
Specifically, we face competition from a number of companies that
operate dispensaries in the legal cannabis market within the
United States and U.S. territories.


While such competition exists within the industry as a whole,
there is limited competition in Puerto Rico. Currently, there are
seven dispensaries with approved licenses in Puerto Rico, and one
of the seven is currently closed for lack of proper permits.
There are 170 pre-qualified dispensary licenses, but it is
expected that only 70-80 of those pre-qualified dispensary
licenses will meet all the government criteria and will have the
necessary funding to operate.


We also anticipate additional competition from the unauthorized
sale and purchase of cannabis through the black market in Puerto
Rico, which is estimated by the government at $200 million
annually. While we deem the black market to be a major
competitor, we believe, although no assurance can be given, that
we can transition those consumers by offering a greater variety
of product at competitive prices.


Competitive Strengths


Consumers generally choose their dispensary based on several
factors, including proximity to where they live and work, price,
quality, variety and the overall service experience. We believe
that our advantage stems from our relationships with our
supplier. Our supplier, who operates a state-of-the art facility,
has over 36 strands available and can produce up to 2,000 pounds
a week. Our supplier, the largest in Puerto Rico in total
production capacity, has agreed to sell products to us at reduced
prices which we believe will allow us to achieve 75% gross
margins, all while maintaining a major price advantage over
competitors.


We also believe we possess certain other competitive strengths
and advantages in the industries in which we operate:


Range of Services. We are able to leverage our breadth
of services and resources to deliver comprehensive, integrated
solutions to companies in the cannabis industryfrom operational,
compliance and marketing consulting to products, security and
financing services.


Strategic Alliances. We are dedicated to growing through
strategic acquisitions, partnerships and agreements that will
enable us to enter and expand into new markets. Our strategy is
to pursue alliances with potential targets that have the ability
to generate positive cash flow, effectively meet customer needs
and supply desirable products, services or technologies, among
other considerations. We anticipate that strategic alliances will
play a significant role as more states pass legislation
permitting the cultivation and sale of hemp and cannabis.


Regulatory Compliance. The state laws regulating the
cannabis industry are changing at a rapid pace. Currently, there
are 28 U.S. states, the District of Columbia and the territories
of Guam and Puerto Rico that have created a legislative body to
manage the medical cannabis industry. Eight of those states also
allow recreational use. We plan to take such steps necessary to
ensure that all aspects of our operations are in compliance with
all laws, policies, guidance and regulations to which we are
subject and providing an opportunity to our customers and allies
to use our services in order to ensure that they, too, are in
full compliance are both critical components of our business
plan.


Industry Knowledge. We continue to create, share and
leverage information and experiences with the purpose of creating
awareness and identifying opportunities to increase shareholder
value. Our management team has business expertise, extensive
knowledge of the cannabis industry and closely monitors changes
in legislation. We intend to work with partners who will enhance
the breadth of our industry knowledge.


Lending Capabilities. In February 2014, the Treasury
Department issued guidelines for financial institutions dealing
with cannabis-related businesses. Nevertheless, many banks and
traditional financial institutions refuse to provide financial
services to cannabis-related businesses. We plan to provide
finance and leasing solutions to market participants using the
FinCEN guidelines as a primary guide for compliance with federal
law.


The Cannabis IndustryMarket Opportunity


The legal cannabis markets in the United States are expanding
rapidly. There are now twenty-eight states and Washington, D.C.,
with medical cannabis programs and eight of these states (Alaska,
California, Colorado, Maine, Massachusetts, Nevada, Oregon and
Washington), plus Washington, D.C. have also legalized cannabis
for recreational use.


We believe the market will continue to rapidly expand as existing
states broaden the definition of the approved uses for cannabis
(i.e. from medicinal to recreational use) and additional states
legalize cannabis for at least some other purposes. Despite the
fact that the Federal Controlled Substances Act makes the use and
possession of marijuana illegal on a national level, recent
guidance from the federal government suggests that it will
continue to tolerate legalization at the state level, especially
when backed by strong and effective regulation. We believe it is
significant that in 2016, the Congressional Spending Bill
specifically prevented the Justice Department from spending money
to enforce the federal ban on growing or selling cannabis in
states where cannabis has been approved.


The Company believes that not since the repeal of Prohibition in
1933, has a consumer product business opportunity of this
magnitude been created simply by changes in the law. According to
an IBISWorld report, the cannabis industry is expected
to achieve rapid growth over the next five years. We believe the
industry will continue to benefit from increasingly favorable
attitudes towards medical cannabis-based treatments and
applications as acceptance and legitimacy of cannabis continues
to grow.


        

Our target markets are those where states or U.S. territories
have legalized the production and use of cannabis, such as Puerto
Rico and, eventually, Colorado. According to published reports,
Colorados cannabis industry reported estimated wholesale and
retail sales during calendar years 2016 and 2015 of $1,313
million and $996 million, respectively.


Most recently, voters in California, Nevada, Maine and
Massachusetts approved ballot measures to legalize cannabis for
adult recreational use, bringing the total number of states with
legalized recreational cannabis use to eight, in addition to the
District of Columbia.


As of December 31, 2016, 28 U.S. states, the District of Columbia
and the territories of Guam and Puerto Rico have legalized the
use of cannabis for medical use in some form, including five
states in 2016 alone. While it is difficult to estimate the
amount of time it would take for a state to establish regulations
relating to the sale of cannabis, or for those businesses engaged
in this activity to begin generating revenue from operations, we
anticipate, but no assurance can be given, that for new states
legalizing the medical use of cannabis, revenues will begin to be
realized in 2018 and 2019.


Continued development of the regulated cannabis industry depends
on continued legislative authorization at the state level.
Progress, while encouraging, is not assured and any number of
factors could slow or halt progress in the cannabis industry.


Puerto Rico a Unique Market Opportunity


Puerto Rico benefits from a large and growing tourism industry.
According to an article published by Travel Pulse in March 2016
and by PRT Newswire dated December 2016, Puerto Ricos tourism
doubled from 5 million visitors in 2015 to 10 million in 2016.
Importantly, patients who hold a license to buy medical marijuana
in the 28 states where it is now legal may use their patient
license to purchase marijuana at Puerto Ricos dispensaries.


The Academic Sciences of Puerto Rico (ASPR), in collaboration
with the Cannabis Doctors of Puerto Rico, conducted a
certification program for doctors to obtain the Health Department
(HD) license and recommended medicinal cannabis to nearly 200,000
patients. Based on such, and considering that Puerto Rico is an
island with a population of 3.5 million, there is a potential
market of 200,000 patients, or 6% of Puerto Ricos current
population. In addition, there is a potentially very large market
opportunity presented by the burgeoning tourist industry. If only
2% of the tourist visiting Puerto Rico purchase medical
marijuana, that would add another 200,000 patients on an annual
basis or an average of approximately 18,000 patients per month.


We believe our initial locations present significant revenue
potential and growth opportunity. We have strategically picked
our initial locations based on the following factors: population
density, disposable income, and proximity to commercial and
districts tourist destinations.


Medical Cannabis Market


The last five years have seen a dramatic shift in public opinion
on medical marijuana, which is reflected in the direction of
individual states toward legalization. A Quinnipiac Poll
published by Politico on June 6, 2016 showed 89% of registered
voters in the United States favor the use of medically prescribed
cannabis. Twenty-eight states and Washington, D.C., have enacted
medical cannabis laws, and there are approximately 1.2 million
registered patients within these states. The five states with the
largest known current medical marijuana patient populations are:
California, Colorado, Michigan, Oregon and Washington.


Cannabis is used for medicinal purposes and has proven to be an
effective treatment for pain relief, inflammation and a number of
other medical disorders. According to an IBISWorld
report, new medical research and changing public opinion have
boosted industry growth.


Doctors may prescribe legalized medical cannabis in approved
states where patients can receive a recommendation from a
state-approved, licensed physician for the treatment of certain
conditions specified by the state. Medical cannabis is being used
to treat severe or chronic pain, inflammation, nausea and
vomiting, neurologic symptoms (including muscle spasticity),
glaucoma, cancer, multiple sclerosis, post-traumatic stress
disorder, anorexia, arthritis, Alzheimers, Crohns disease,
fibromyalgia, ADD, ADHD, Tourettes syndrome, spinal cord injury
and numerous other conditions. Cannabis oil has also been proven
effective in treating epileptic seizures in children.


Recreational Cannabis Market


Eight states have legalized recreational cannabis Alaska,
California, Colorado, Maine, Massachusetts, Nevada, Oregon,
Washington, plus Washington, D.C. In November 2012, Colorado
voters legalized recreational marijuana use. This
history-changing legislation created a window of opportunity for
the commercialization and state taxation of a plant group that
has, until recently, been virtually untouchable and has set the
wheels in motion for other states to follow. In July of 2014,
Washington State launched its recreational program, while Oregon
and Alaska and the District of Columbia voted to introduce
recreational programs commencing in 2015. In November 2016,
California, Maine, Massachusetts, and Nevada all passed ballot
initiatives for the legalization of recreational cannabis. A
Gallup Poll survey from October 2016 showed that 60% of Americans
are in favor of legalizing cannabis.


        




Government and Industry Regulation


Cannabis is currently a Schedule I controlled substance under the
CSA and is, therefore, illegal under federal law. Even in those
states in which the use of cannabis has been legalized to state
law, its use, possession or cultivation remains a violation of
federal law. A Schedule I controlled substance is defined as one
that has no currently accepted medical use in the United States,
a lack of safety for use under medical supervision and a high
potential for abuse. The U.S. Department of Justice (the
DOJ) defines Schedule I controlled substances as
the most dangerous drugs of all the drug schedules with
potentially severe psychological or physical dependence. If the
federal government decides to enforce the CSA in Colorado with
respect to cannabis, persons that are charged with distributing,
possessing with intent to distribute or growing cannabis could be
subject to fines and/or terms of imprisonment, the maximum being
life imprisonment and a $50 million fine.


Notwithstanding the CSA, as of the date of this filing, 28 U.S.
states, the District of Columbia and the U.S. territories of Guam
and Puerto Rico allow their residents to use medical cannabis.
Voters in the states of Alaska, California, Colorado, Maine,
Massachusetts, Nevada, Oregon and Washington have approved ballot
measures to legalize cannabis for adult recreational use. Such
state and territorial laws are in conflict with the federal CSA,
which makes cannabis use and possession illegal at the federal
level.


In light of such conflict between federal laws and state laws
regarding cannabis, the previous administration under President
Obama had effectively stated that it was not an efficient use of
resources to direct federal law enforcement agencies to prosecute
those lawfully abiding by state-designated laws allowing the use
and distribution of medical cannabis. For example, the prior DOJ
Deputy Attorney General of the Obama administration, James M.
Cole, issued a memorandum (the Cole Memo) to all
United States Attorneys providing updated guidance to federal
prosecutors concerning cannabis enforcement under the CSA. The
Cole Memo ultimately emphasizes the need for robust state
regulation of marijuana. The memorandum rests on its expectation
that state and local governments that have enacted laws
authorizing marijuana-related conduct will implement strong and
effective regulatory and enforcement systems that will address
the threat those state laws could pose to public safety, public
health, and other law enforcement interests. In addition, the
Financial Crimes Enforcement Network (FinCEN)
provided guidelines (the FinCEN Guidelines) on
February 14, 2014, regarding how financial institutions can
provide services to cannabis-related businesses consistent with
their Bank Secrecy Act (BSA) obligations.


Additional existing and pending legislation provides, or seeks to
provide, protection to persons acting in violation of federal law
but in compliance with state laws regarding cannabis. The
Rohrabacher-Farr Amendment to the Commerce, Justice, Science and
Related Agencies Appropriations Bill, which funds the DOJ,
prohibits the DOJ from using funds to prevent states with medical
cannabis laws from implementing such laws. The Rohrabacher-Farr
Amendment is effective through April 28, 2017, but as an
amendment to an appropriations bill, it must be renewed annually.
The Compassionate Access Compassionate Access, Research
Expansion, and Respect States Act (the CARERS
Act) has been introduced in the U.S. Senate, which
proposes to reclassify cannabis under the CSA to Schedule II,
thereby changing the plant from a federally criminalized
substance to one that has recognized medical uses. More recently,
the Respect State Marijuana Laws Act of 2017 has been introduced
in the U.S. House of Representatives, which proposes to exclude
persons who produce, possess, distribute, dispense, administer or
deliver marijuana in compliance with state laws from the
regulatory controls and administrative, civil and criminal
penalties of the CSA.


However, as of the date of this filing, neither the CARERS Act
nor the Respect State Marijuana Laws Act of 2017 has been
enacted, the Rohrabacher-Farr Amendment has not yet been renewed
beyond April 28, 2017, and the new administration under President
Trump has not yet indicated whether it will change the previously
stated policy of low-priority enforcement of federal laws related
to cannabis set forth in the Cole Memo or the FinCEN Guidelines.
The Trump administration could change this policy and decide to
strongly enforce the federal laws applicable to cannabis. Any
such change in the federal governments enforcement of current
federal laws could cause significant financial damage to us.
While we do not currently harvest, distribute or sell cannabis,
we may be irreparably harmed by a change in enforcement policies
of the federal government. However, once we commence operations,
we could be deemed to be aiding and abetting illegal activities,
a violation of federal law.


        

Absent any future changes in cannabis-related policies under the
Trump administration, we intend to remain within the guidelines
outlined in the Cole Memo and the FinCEN Guidelines, where
applicable; however, we cannot provide assurance that we are in
full compliance with the Cole Memo, the FinCEN Guidelines or any
applicable federal laws or regulations.


Licensing and Local Regulations


Where applicable, we will apply for state licenses that are
necessary to conduct our business in compliance with local laws.
Local laws at the city, county and municipal levels add a layer
of complexity to legalized cannabis. Despite a states adoption of
legislation legalizing cannabis, cities, counties and
municipalities within the state may have the ability to otherwise
restrict cannabis activities, including but not limited to
cultivation, retail or consumption.


Zoning sets forth the approved use of land in any given city,
county or municipality. Zoning is set by local governments or
local voter referendum, and may otherwise be restricted by state
laws. For example, under certain state laws a seller of liquor
may not be allowed to operate within 1,000 feet of a school.
There may be similar restrictions imposed on cannabis operators,
which will restrict where cannabis operations may be located and
the manner and size to which they can grow and operate. Zoning
can be subject to change or withdrawal, and properties can be
re-zoned. The zoning of our properties will have a direct impact
on our business operations.


Regulatory Environment


The regulatory status of the cannabis industry is shifting
rapidly at the state level, with momentum toward a change at the
federal level through pressure on the U.S. Congress and the White
House. Current federal regulations classify cannabis as a
Schedule 1 substance, defined as drugs with no currently accepted
medical use and a high potential for abuse. This drug
classification also includes heroin, LSD and ecstasy.


The legal cannabis industry has evolved considerably over the
past 3-5 years. We believe the industry has reached the tipping
point for legalization through pressure from citizens groups in
individual states for the legalization of medical and/or
recreational marijuana. As reported by Pew Research Center in
April 2015, nearly half (49%) of Americans say they have tried
marijuana, and 12% have tried it within the past year.


In a national poll in October 2014 by Third Way, a public policy
think tank, 78% of respondents favored allowing individuals to
use marijuana for medical purposes if recommended by a doctor.
This trend is further illustrated in recent surveys of public
opinion for marijuana legalization rapidly outpacing opposition.
A majority of Americans now favor broad legalization of
marijuana. Opinions have changed drastically since 1969, when
Gallup first asked the question and found that just 12% favored
legalizing marijuana use compared to 89% as of June 6, 2016
showed 89%.


Millennials (currently 18-34) have been in the forefront of this
change: 68% favor legalizing marijuana use, by far the highest
percentage of any age group. But across all generations – except
for the Silent Generation (ages 70- 87) support for legalization
has risen sharply over the past decade. Third Way also found that
67% of respondents favor Congress passing a bill giving states
that have legalized marijuana a safe haven from federal marijuana
laws, so long as they have a strong regulatory system, and when
given an option of state or federal control, 60% favor states
control in deciding whether to legalize marijuana.


Public support has given rise to the passage of new marijuana
laws and regulations in a number of states, as well as multiple
legal reforms on legislative dockets. Each states legal
environment is unique, making it critical for businesses to know
and understand the regulatory landscape on a state-by-state
basis.


Another regulatory variable adding to the complexity of the legal
cannabis market are the local laws at the municipality and county
levels. Even when a state enacts legislation legalizing cannabis,
each level of local government has the right to exercise
restrictions on cannabis activities, such as retail, consumption,
transportation and cultivation. Zoning is an area of particular
concern, which is set forth at the local level. This can restrict
where businesses can be located and the manner and size in which
they operate. Understanding individual states laws and local
regulations requires business operators and investors to account
for multiple levels of regulatory compliance, such as how
marijuana may be sourced, processed, distributed, and to whom,
where and how it may be sold.


State Legal Status


While new state-level legalization efforts continue to expand the
number of states involved in the cannabis industry, only a
handful of existing states have any meaningful full-scale
operations for the cultivation and distribution of cannabis. This
presents a significant growth opportunity for investment over the
next several years as the existing legalized states and new
states markets come online.


        





Medical Cannabis Legalization – 28 states have legalized
medical marijuana, plus Washington, D.C. and the U.S.
territories of Guam and Puerto Rico






Recreational Cannabis Legalization – 8 states (AK, CA, CO,
ME, MA, NV, OR, WA, plus Washington, D.C.) have passed laws
that allow for adult recreational use of marijuana




Federal Legal Status


Cannabis is still classified as an illegal substance in the U.S.
The Drug Enforcement Agency (DEA) and the Food
and Drug Administration (FDA) currently classify
cannabis as a Schedule 1 drug under the Controlled Substances
Act. The classification makes cannabis illegal under federal law
to cultivate, manufacture, distribute or possess cannabis, and
has created a discrepancy between states rights and federal law.


This discrepancy has created a complicated environment for
cannabis businesses in regards to restrictive banking
regulations, interstate trade, IRS tax code and federal
bankruptcy laws, especially for companies that directly touch the
plant such as growers and distributors. For example, FinCEN
provided guidance regarding how financial institutions can
provide services to cannabis-related businesses consistent with
their BSA obligations. While we believe we do not qualify as a
financial institution in the United States, we cannot be certain
that we do not fall under the scope of the FinCEN guidelines. We
plan to use the FinCEN Guidelines, as may be amended, as a basis
for assessing our relationships with potential tenants, clients
and customers. As such, as we engage in financing activities, we
intend to adhere to the guidance of FinCEN in conducting and
monitoring our financial transactions. Because this area of the
law is uncertain but expected to evolve rapidly, we believe that
FinCENs guidelines will help us best operate in a prudent,
reasonable and acceptable manner. There is no assurance, however,
that our activities will not violate some aspect of the CSA. If
we are found to violate the federal statute or any other in
connection with our activities, our company could face serious
criminal and civil sanctions.


Additionally, because the possession or distribution of cannabis
violates federal law, banks that provide services may face the
threat of prosecution or sanctions and thus we may have
difficulty acquiring or maintaining bank accounts and insurance,
and our stockholders may find it difficult to deposit their stock
with brokerage firms.


The banking issues created by the federal laws have required the
cannabis industry to focus on viable alternatives and have
created opportunities for new providers, from finance companies
to security and software firms. The issue of interstate trade
requires companies that grow or distribute cannabis to duplicate
efforts within each state they wish to legally operate and has
limited the development of national brands. These laws do not
directly affect companies operating in ancillary businesses.


In February 2014, the White House and the Department of the
Treasury gave a roadmap for conducting transactions with cannabis
companies operating within state regulations. The most sweeping
federal reforms to date, however, have come from Congress in the
federal spending bill that passed both Houses in June 2015 and
continued in June 2016. Congress voted to protect state medical
marijuana and hemp laws from federal interference and cut the
DEAs budget. As an example of increased support for the removal
of federal laws banning medical marijuana, the medical
marijuana-protecting amendment passed the House 219-189 and
became law last year and was accepted by a larger 242-186
majority this year, with even more Republican members support.


The Senate also introduced The Compassionate Access, Research
Expansion and Respect States (CARERS) Act in March 2015,
co-sponsored by Senator Rand Paul (R-Ky.) and now by 19 total
U.S. Senators, which seeks to drastically reduce the federal
governments ability to crack down on state-legal medical
marijuana programs, open the banking system, reclassify cannabis
Schedule 1 drug rating and encourage more research through
several major changes in federal law. This legislation currently
is waiting for the Senate Judiciary Chair to grant the bill a
hearing.


Ancillary Cannabis-Related Businesses


As more states enact cannabis legislation, the demand for
cannabis-related products and services grows. The rapid expansion
of the cannabis market combined with more sophisticated
management teams and business models entering the market has
spurred the development of numerous cannabis-related niche
markets. These ancillary markets that do not physically touch the
plant include infrastructure and support for the cannabis
industry in such areas as social media, security, consulting,
delivery systems, financial services, software high-tech,
electronic hardware, infused products, extracts oils, hemp
production, ancillary cultivation solutions, and retail.


As mentioned, the federal government still classifies cannabis as
a Schedule 1 substance, which leaves many traditional businesses
fearing reputational and legal risks of serving the cannabis
industry. However, ancillary businesses that do cater to the
legal cannabis industry are well positioned to benefit from the
growth in the industry.


        

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS


Statements in this current report on Form 8-K may be
forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include,
but are not limited to, statements that express our intentions,
beliefs, expectations, strategies, predictions or any other
statements relating to our future activities or other future
events or conditions. These statements are based on current
expectations, estimates and projections about our business based,
in part, on assumptions made by management. These statements are
not guarantees of future performance and involve risks,
uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict.
Therefore, actual outcomes and results may, and are likely to,
differ materially from what is expressed or forecasted in the
forward-looking statements due to numerous factors, including
those described above and those risks discussed from time to time
in this report, including the risks described under Risk Factors,
and Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Plan of Operations in this report and in other documents
which we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission. In
addition, such statements could be affected by risks and
uncertainties related to:






our ability to raise funds for general corporate purposes and
operations;






the commercial feasibility and success of our technology;






our ability to recruit qualified management and technical
personnel; and






the other factors discussed in the Risk Factors section and
elsewhere in this report.




Any forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which
they are made, and except as may be required under applicable
securities laws, we do not undertake any obligation to update any
forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances
after the date of this current report.


RISK FACTORS


An investment in the Companys common stock involves a
high degree of risk. In determining whether to purchase the
Companys common stock, an investor should carefully consider all
of the material risks described below, together with the other
information contained in this report. An investor should only
purchase the Companys securities if he or she can afford to
suffer the loss of his or her entire investment.


We have a limited operating history and face many of
the risks and difficulties frequently encountered by an early
stage company.


Although our management team has extensive knowledge of the
cannabis industry and closely monitors changes in legislation, we
also operate in an evolving industry that may not develop as
expected. Furthermore, our operations continue to evolve under
our business plan as we continually assess new strategic
opportunities for our business within our industry. Assessing the
future prospects of our business is challenging in light of both
known and unknown risks and difficulties we may encounter. Growth
prospects in our industry can be affected by a wide variety of
factors including:






Competition from other similar companies;






Regulatory limitations on the products we can offer and
markets we can serve;






Other changes in the regulation of medical and recreational
cannabis use;






Changes in underlying consumer behavior;






Our ability to access adequate financing on reasonable terms
and our ability to raise additional capital in order to fund
our operations;






Challenges with new products, services and markets; and






Fluctuations in the credit markets and demand for credit.




We may not be able to successfully address these factors, which
could negatively impact our growth, harm our business and cause
our operating results to be worse than expected.


We may need to secure additional
financing.


While we have raised funds that we believe will be sufficient to
fund our operations for the next twelve months, we anticipate
that we may require additional funds for our operations in the
future. If we are not successful in securing additional financing
when needed, we may be unable to execute our business strategy,
which could result in curtailment of our operations.


Our ability to raise additional capital is uncertain and
dependent on numerous factors beyond our control including, but
not limited to, economic conditions and availability or lack of
availability of credit. We currently do not have any committed
external source of funds.


If we need additional capital and cannot raise it on acceptable
terms, we may not be able to, among other things:






continue to expand our development, sales and marketing
teams;






acquire complementary technologies, products or businesses;






if determined to be appropriate, expand our global
operations;






hire, train and retain employees; and






respond to competitive pressures or unanticipated working
capital requirements.




To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale
of equity or convertible debt securities, then-existing
stockholders interests may be materially diluted, and the terms
of such securities could include liquidation or other preferences
that adversely affect their rights as common stockholders. Debt
financing and preferred equity financing, if available, may
involve agreements that include restrictive covenants that limit
our ability to take specified actions, such as incurring
additional debt, making capital expenditures or declaring
dividends.


        

Cannabis remains illegal under federal law, and any
change in the enforcement priorities of the federal government
could render our current and planned future operations
unprofitable or even prohibit such operations.


We operate in the cannabis industry, which is dependent on state
laws and regulations pertaining to such industry; however, under
federal law, cannabis remains illegal.


The United States federal government regulates drugs through the
Controlled Substances Act (the CSA), which
places controlled substances, including cannabis, on one of five
schedules. Cannabis is currently classified as a Schedule I
controlled substance, which is viewed as having a high potential
for abuse and having no currently accepted medical use in
treatment in the United States. No prescriptions may be written
for Schedule I substances, and such substances are subject to
production quotas imposed by the United States Drug Enforcement
Administration (the DEA). Because of this,
doctors may not prescribe cannabis for medical use under federal
law, although they can recommend its use under the First
Amendment.


Currently, 28 U.S. states, the District of Columbia and the U.S.
territories of Guam and Puerto Rico allow the use of medical
cannabis. Voters in the states of Alaska, California, Colorado,
Maine, Massachusetts, Nevada, Oregon and Washington have approved
ballot measures to legalize cannabis for adult recreational use.
Such state and territorial laws are in conflict with the federal
CSA, which makes cannabis use and possession illegal at the
federal level. Because cannabis is a Schedule I controlled
substance, the development of a legal cannabis industry under the
laws of these states is in conflict with the CSA, which makes
cannabis use and possession illegal on a national level. The
United States Supreme Court has confirmed that the federal
government has the right to regulate and criminalize cannabis,
including for medical purposes, and that federal law
criminalizing the use of cannabis preempts state laws that
legalize its use.


In light of such conflict between federal laws and state laws
regarding cannabis, the previous administration under President
Obama had effectively stated that it was not an efficient use of
resources to direct federal law enforcement agencies to prosecute
those lawfully abiding by state-designated laws allowing the use
and distribution of medical cannabis. For example, the prior DOJ
Deputy Attorney General of the Obama administration, James M.
Cole, issued a memorandum (the Cole Memo) to all
United States Attorneys providing updated guidance to federal
prosecutors concerning cannabis enforcement under the CSA. The
Cole Memo ultimately emphasizes the need for robust state
regulation of marijuana. The memorandum rests on its expectation
that state and local governments that have enacted laws
authorizing marijuana-related conduct will implement strong and
effective regulatory and enforcement systems that will address
the threat those state laws could pose to public safety, public
health, and other law enforcement interests. In addition, the
Financial Crimes Enforcement Network (FinCEN)
provided guidelines (the FinCEN Guidelines) on
February 14, 2014, regarding how financial institutions can
provide services to cannabis-related businesses consistent with
their Bank Secrecy Act (BSA) obligations.


In 2014, the United States House of Representatives passed an
amendment (the Rohrabacher-Farr Amendment) to
the Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies
Appropriations Bill, which funds the United States Department of
Justice (the DOJ). The Rohrabacher-Farr
Amendment prohibits the DOJ from using funds to prevent states
with medical cannabis laws from implementing such laws. In August
2016, a 9th Circuit federal appeals court ruled in
United States v. McIntosh that the Rohrabacher-Farr
Amendment bars the DOJ from spending funds on the prosecution of
conduct that is allowed by state medical cannabis laws, provided
that such conduct is in strict compliance with applicable state
law. In March 2015, bipartisan legislation titled the
Compassionate Access, Research Expansion, and Respect States Act
(the CARERS Act) was introduced, proposing to
allow states to regulate the medical use of cannabis by changing
applicable federal law, including by reclassifying cannabis under
the Controlled Substances Act to a Schedule II controlled
substance and thereby changing the plant from a
federally-criminalized substance to one that has recognized
medical uses. More recently, the Respect State Marijuana Laws Act
of 2017 has been introduced in the U.S. House of Representatives,
which proposes to exclude persons who produce, possess,
distribute, dispense, administer or deliver marijuana in
compliance with state laws from the regulatory controls and
administrative, civil and criminal penalties of the CSA.


Although these developments have been met with a certain amount
of optimism in the cannabis industry, neither the CARERS Act nor
the Respect State Marijuana Laws Act of 2017 have yet been
adopted. In addition, the Rohrabacher-Farr Amendment, being an
amendment to an appropriations bill that must be renewed
annually, has not been renewed beyond April 28, 2017.
Furthermore, the ruling in United States v. McIntosh is
only applicable in the 9th Circuit, which does not
include Colorado, the state where we currently primarily operate.
The new administration under President Trump has not yet
indicated whether it will change the previously stated policy of
low-priority enforcement of federal laws related to cannabis set
forth in the Cole Memo or FinCEN Guidelines. The Trump
administration could change this policy and decide to strongly
enforce the federal laws applicable to cannabis. Any such change
in the federal governments enforcement of current federal laws
could cause significant financial damage to us. While we do not
currently harvest, distribute or sell cannabis, we may be
irreparably harmed by a change in enforcement policies of the
federal government.


Additionally, as we are always assessing potential strategic
acquisitions of new businesses, we may in the future also pursue
opportunities that include growing and distributing medical or
recreational cannabis, should we determine that such activities
are in the best interest of the Company and our stockholders. Any
such pursuit would involve additional risks with respect to the
regulation of cannabis.


        

Any potential growth in the cannabis industry
continues to be subject to new and changing state and local laws
and regulations.


Continued development of the cannabis industry is dependent upon
continued legislative legalization of cannabis at the state
level, and a number of factors could slow or halt progress in
this area, even where there is public support for legislative
action. Any delay or halt in the passing or implementation of
legislation legalizing cannabis use, or its sale and
distribution, or the re-criminalization or restriction of
cannabis at the state level could negatively impact our business.
Additionally, changes in applicable state and local laws or
regulations could restrict the products and services we offer or
impose additional compliance costs on us or our customers and
tenants. Violations of applicable laws, or allegations of such
violations, could disrupt our business and result in a material
adverse effect on our operations. We cannot predict the nature of
any future laws, regulations, interpretations or applications,
and it is possible that regulations may be enacted in the future
that will be materially adverse to our business.


The cannabis industry faces significant opposition,
and any negative trends will adversely affect our business
operations.


We are substantially dependent on the continued market
acceptance, and the proliferation of consumers, of medical and
recreational cannabis. We believe that with further legalization,
cannabis will become more accepted, resulting in a growth in
consumer demand. However, we cannot predict the future growth
rate or future market potential, and any negative outlook on the
cannabis industry may adversely affect our business operations.


Large, well-funded business sectors may have strong economic
reasons to oppose the development of the cannabis industry. For
example, medical cannabis may adversely impact the existing
market for the current cannabis pill sold by mainstream
pharmaceutical companies. Should cannabis displace other drugs or
products, the medical cannabis industry could face a material
threat from the pharmaceutical industry, which is well-funded and
possesses a strong and experienced lobby. Any inroads the
pharmaceutical or any other potentially displaced, industry or
sector could make in halting or impeding the cannabis industry
could have a detrimental impact on our business.


We operate in a highly competitive
industry.


The markets for ancillary businesses in the medical marijuana and
recreational marijuana industries are competitive and evolving.
There is no material aspect of our business that is protected by
patents, copyrights, trademarks, or trade names, and we face
strong competition from larger companies that may offer similar
products and services to ours. Many of our current and potential
competitors have longer operating histories, significantly
greater financial, marketing and other resources and larger
client bases than us, and there can be no assurance that we will
be able to successfully compete against these or other
competitors.


Given the rapid changes affecting the global, national, and
regional economies generally and the medical marijuana and
recreational marijuana industries, in particular, we may not be
able to create and maintain a competitive advantage in the
marketplace. Our success will depend on our ability to keep pace
with any changes in our markets, particularly, legal and
regulatory changes. Our success will also depend on our ability
to respond to, among other things, changes in the economy, market
conditions, and competitive pressures. Any failure by us to
anticipate or respond adequately to such changes could have a
material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of
operations.


We may be unable to obtain capital to fully execute
our business plan.


Our business plan involves the acquisition of an additional 15
dispensaries over the next 12-18 month. We anticipate that we
will need additional capital in the future to fully execute our
business plan. However, there can be no assurance that we will be
able to obtain financing on agreeable terms, if at all, and any
future sale of our equity securities will dilute the ownership of
our existing stockholders and could be at prices substantially
below the price of the shares of common stock sold in the past.
If we are unable to obtain the necessary capital, we may need to
delay the implementation of, or curtail our business plan.


We face risks associated with strategic
acquisitions.


As an important part of our business strategy, we intend to
acquire additional dispensaries. These acquisitions involve a
number of financial, accounting, managerial, operational, legal,
compliance and other risks and challenges, including the
following, any of which could adversely affect our results of
operations:






The applicable restrictions on cannabis industry and its
participants may limit the number of available suitable
businesses and dispensaries that we can acquire;






Any acquired dispensary could under-perform relative to our
expectations and the price that we paid for it, or not
perform in accordance with our anticipated timetable;






We may incur or assume significant debt in connection with
our acquisitions;






Acquisitions could cause our results of operations to differ
from our own or the investment communitys expectations in any
given period, or over the long term; and






Acquisitions could create demands on our management that we
may be unable to effectively address, or for which we may
incur additional costs.




        

Additionally, following any business acquisition, we could
experience difficulty in integrating personnel, operations,
financial and other systems, and in retaining key employees and
customers.


Our future success depends on our ability to grow and
expand our customer base and operational territory.


Our success and the planned growth and expansion of our business
depend on our products and services achieving greater and broader
acceptance, resulting in a larger customer base, and on the
expansion of our operations into new areas and markets. However,
there can be no assurance that customers will purchase our
products, or that we will be able to continually expand our
customer base. Additionally, if we are unable to effectively
market or expand our product offerings, we will be unable to grow
and expand our business or implement our business strategy.


Operating in new markets may expose us to new operational,
regulatory or legal risks and subject us to increased compliance
costs. We may need to modify our existing business model and cost
structure to comply with local regulatory or other requirements.
Facilities we open in new markets may take longer to reach
expected revenue and profit levels on a consistent basis, may
have higher construction, occupancy or operating costs, and may
present different competitive conditions, consumer preferences
and spending patterns than we anticipate.


Any of the above could materially impair our ability to increase
sales and revenue.


Conditions in the economy, the markets we serve and
the financial markets generally may adversely affect our business
and results of operations.


Our business is sensitive to general economic conditions. Slower
economic growth, volatility in the credit markets, high levels of
unemployment, and other challenges that affect the economy
adversely could affect us and our customers and suppliers. If
growth in the economy or in any of the markets we serve slows for
a significant period, if there is a significant deterioration in
the economy or such markets or if improvements in the economy do
not benefit the markets we serve, our business and results of
operations could be adversely affected.


We depend on our management, certain key personnel
and board of directors, as well as our ability to attract, retain
and motivate qualified personnel.


Our future success depends largely upon the experience, skill,
and contacts of our officers and directors, and the loss of the
services of these officers or directors may have a material
adverse effect upon our business. Additionally, shortages in
qualified personnel could also limit our ability to successfully
implement our growth plan. As we grow, we will need to attract
and retain highly skilled experts in the cannabis industry, as
well as managerial, sales and marketing, security and finance
personnel. There can be no assurance, however, that we will be
able to attract and retain such personnel.


Our reputation and ability to do business may be
negatively impacted by the improper conduct by our business
partners, employees or agents.


We depend on third party suppliers to produce and timely deliver
our inventory. Products purchased from our suppliers are resold
to our customers. These suppliers could fail to produce products
to our specifications or quality standards and may not deliver
units on a timely basis. Any changes in our suppliers to resolve
production issues could disrupt our ability to fulfill orders.
Any changes in our suppliers to resolve production issues could
also disrupt our business due to delays in finding new suppliers.


Furthermore, we cannot provide assurance that our internal
controls and compliance systems will always protects us from acts
committed by our employees, agents or business partners in
violation of U.S. federal or state laws. Any improper acts or
allegations could damage our reputation and subject us to civil
or criminal investigations and related shareholder lawsuits,
could lead to substantial civil and criminal monetary and
non-monetary penalties, and could cause us to incur significant
legal and investigatory fees.


If we do not effectively manage changes in our
business, these changes could place a significant strain on our
management and operations.


Our ability to grow successfully requires that we have an
effective planning and management process. The expansion and
growth of our business could place a significant strain on our
management systems, infrastructure and other resources. To manage
our growth successfully, we must continue to improve and expand
our systems and infrastructure in a timely and efficient manner.
Our controls, systems, procedures and resources may not be
adequate to support a changing and growing company. If our
management fails to respond effectively to changes and growth in
our business, including acquisitions, this could have a material
adverse effect on the Companys business, financial condition,
results of operations and future prospects.


Catastrophic events may disrupt our
business.


Our inventory, dispensaries and overall operations are vulnerable
to damage or interruption from fires, floods, power losses,
telecommunications failures, cyber-attacks, terrorist attacks,
acts of war, human errors, break-ins and similar events.
Additionally, we rely on our third-party suppliers for our
inventory . In the event of a catastrophic event, we may be
unable to continue our operations and may endure system
interruptions, reputational harm, delays in our product
development, and lengthy interruptions in our services, breaches
of data security and loss of critical data, all of which could
have an adverse effect on our future operating results.


        

Any new or changes made to laws, regulations, rules
or other industry standards affecting our business may have an
adverse impact on our financial results.


We are subject to a number of foreign and domestic laws and
regulations that affect companies conducting business within the
cannabis industry, many of which are still evolving and could be
interpreted in ways that could harm our business. In the United
States, cannabis is currently classified as a Schedule I
controlled substance under the CSA and is, therefore, illegal
under federal law. Even in those states in which the use of
cannabis has been legalized to state laws, its use, possession or
cultivation remains a violation of federal law. A Schedule I
controlled substance is defined as one that has no currently
accepted medical use in the United States, a lack of safety for
use under medical supervision and a high potential for abuse. The
U.S. Department of Justice (the DOJ) defines Schedule I
controlled substances as the most dangerous drugs of all the drug
schedules with potentially severe psychological or physical
dependence.


Notwithstanding the CSA, as of the date of this filing, 28 U.S.
states, the District of Columbia and the U.S. territories of Guam
and Puerto Rico allow their residents to use medical cannabis.
Voters in the states of Alaska, California, Colorado, Maine,
Massachusetts, Nevada, Oregon and Washington have approved ballot
measures to legalize cannabis for adult recreational use. Such
state and territorial laws are in conflict with the federal CSA,
which makes cannabis use and possession illegal at the federal
level.


Such conflict between federal laws and state laws regarding
cannabis has created a complicated environment for cannabis
businesses in regards to restrictive banking regulations,
interstate trade, IRS tax code and federal bankruptcy laws,
especially for companies that directly touch the plant such as
growers and distributors. For example, since the possession or
distribution of cannabis violates federal law, banks that provide
services may face the threat of prosecution or sanctions. As a
result of being denied banking services or direct access to
conventional loans, many of the companies that grow or distribute
cannabis directly are forced to transact business on a cash-only
basis.


The banking issues created by the federal laws have required the
cannabis industry to focus on viable alternatives and have
created opportunities for new providers, from finance companies
to security and software firms. The issue of interstate trade
requires companies that grow or distribute cannabis to duplicate
efforts within each state they wish to legally operate and has
limited the development of national brands. If we are unable to
raise capital or conduct operations as a result of various laws
and regulations, we may be unable to finance our activities which
would have an adverse impact on our operations and financial
results.


Our success will be dependent on our ability to
attract and retain key personnel.


We believe our success depends on the continued service of our
management personnel and upon our ability to attract and retain
qualified employees, independent contractors and consultants,.
The competition for qualified personnel is intense, and the loss
of key personnel or the inability to hire such personnel when
needed could have a material adverse impact on our results of
operation and financial condition.


Laws and regulations affecting the cannabis industry
are constantly changing, and this may affect our consumer base in
ways that we are unable to predict.


Local, state and federal medical cannabis laws and regulations
are broad in scope and subject to evolving interpretations. We
cannot predict the nature of any future laws, regulations,
interpretations or applications that may affect us, nor can we
determine what effect additional governmental regulations or
administrative policies and procedures, when and if promulgated,
could have on the vitality of the cannabis legalization movement
or the unification or popularity of the community in favor of
legalization, the members of which community form our anticipated
consumer base and underpin our business model.


Risks Related to Our Common Stock


There is not an active liquid trading market for the
Companys common stock.


The Companys common stock is quoted on the OTC Pink Market under
the symbol CYVA. However, there has been minimal reported trading
to date in the Companys common stock, and we cannot give an
assurance that an active trading market will develop. As a
result, investors may find it difficult to dispose of, or to
obtain accurate quotations of the price of, our securities. This
severely limits the liquidity of the common stock, and may
adversely affect the market price of our common stock. A limited
market may also impair our ability to raise capital by selling
shares of capital stock and may impair our ability to acquire
other companies or assets by using common stock as consideration.


If an active market for the Companys common stock develops, there
is a significant risk that the Companys stock price may fluctuate
dramatically in the future in response to any of the following
factors, some of which are beyond our control:






variations in our quarterly operating results;






announcements that our revenue or income are below analysts
expectations;






general economic slowdowns;






sales of large blocks of the Companys common stock; and






announcements by us or our competitors of significant
contracts, acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint
ventures or capital commitments.




        

Our common stock is subject to the penny stock rules
of the Securities and Exchange Commission, which may make it more
difficult for stockholders to sell our common
stock.


The SEC has adopted Rule 15g-9 which establishes the definition
of a penny stock, for the purposes relevant to us, as any equity
security that has a market price of less than $5.00 per share,
subject to certain exceptions. For any transaction involving a
penny stock, unless exempt, the rules require that a broker or
dealer approve a persons account for transactions in penny
stocks, and the broker or dealer receive from the investor a
written agreement to the transaction, setting forth the identity
and quantity of the penny stock to be purchased.


In order to approve a persons account for transactions in penny
stocks, the broker or dealer must obtain financial information
and investment experience objectives of the person, and make a
reasonable determination that the transactions in penny stocks
are suitable for that person and the person has sufficient
knowledge and experience in financial matters to be capable of
evaluating the risks of transactions in penny stocks.


The broker or dealer must also deliver, prior to any transaction
in a penny stock, a disclosure schedule prescribed by the SEC
relating to the penny stock market, which, in highlight form sets
forth the basis on which the broker or dealer made the
suitability determination, and that the broker or dealer received
a signed, written agreement from the investor prior to the
transaction.


Generally, brokers may be less willing to execute transactions in
securities subject to the penny stock rules. This may make it
more difficult for investors to dispose of the Companys common
stock if and when such shares are eligible for sale and may cause
a decline in the market value of its stock.


Because we became a public by means of a reverse
acquisition, we may not be able to attract the attention of
brokerage firms.


Because we became public through a reverse acquisition,
securities analysts of brokerage firms may not provide coverage
of us since there is little incentive to brokerage firms to
recommend the purchase of our common stock. No assurance can be
given that brokerage firms will want to conduct any secondary
offerings on behalf of the Company in the future.


Applicable regulatory requirements, including those
contained in and issued under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, may
make it difficult for the Company to retain or attract qualified
officers and directors, which could adversely affect the
management of its business and its ability to obtain or retain
listing of its common stock.


We may be unable to attract and retain those qualified officers,
directors and members of board committees required to provide for
effective management because of the rules and regulations that
govern publicly held companies, including, but not limited to,
certifications by principal executive officers. The enactment of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act has resulted in the issuance of a series
of related rules and regulations and the strengthening of
existing rules and regulations by the SEC, as well as the
adoption of new and more stringent rules by the stock exchanges.
The perceived increased personal risk associated with these
changes may deter qualified individuals from accepting roles as
directors and executive officers.


Further, some of these changes heighten the requirements for
board or committee membership, particularly with respect to an
individuals independence from the corporation and level of
experience in finance and accounting matters. We may have
difficulty attracting and retaining directors with the requisite
qualifications. If we are unable to attract and retain qualified
officers and directors, the management of its business and its
ability to obtain or retain listing of our shares of common stock
on any stock exchange (assuming we elect to seek and are
successful in obtaining such listing) could be adversely
affected.


Voting power of our shareholders is highly
concentrated in one shareholder.


Peach Management LLC currently beneficially owns 11% of our
outstanding common stock, as well as one thousand (1,000) shares
of Series A Preferred Stock which entitles it to 51% of the
voting power. In addition, to the Certificate of Designation for
of the Series A Preferred Stock, the Company is prohibited from
designating any other class or series of preferred stock without
first obtaining prior approval from the holder of the Series A
Preferred Stock. Such concentrated control of the Company may
adversely affect the price of our common stock. A shareholder
that acquires common stock will not have an effective voice in
the management of the Company.


We do not intend to pay dividends for the foreseeable
future.


We have paid no dividends on our common stock to date and we do
not anticipate paying any cash dividends to holders of our common
stock in the foreseeable future. While our future dividend policy
will be based on the operating results and capital needs of the
business, we currently anticipate that we will retain any
earnings to finance our future expansion and for the
implementation of our business plan. A lack of a dividend can
further affect the market value of our stock, and could
significantly affect the value of any investment in our Company.


        

Our stockholders may experience significant
dilution.


We have a significant number of warrants to purchase our common
stock outstanding, the exercise of which would be dilutive to
stockholders. In certain instances, the exercise prices are
subject to adjustment if we issue or sell shares of our common
stock or equity-based instruments at a price per share less than
the exercise price then in effect. In such case, both the
issuance and the adjustment would be dilutive to stockholders.


We may from time to time finance our future operations or
acquisitions through the issuance of equity securities, which
securities may also have rights and preferences senior to the
rights and preferences of our common stock. We may also grant
options to purchase shares of our common stock to our directors,
employees and consultants, the exercise of which would also
result in dilution to our stockholders.


Our articles of incorporation allow for our board to
create new series of preferred stock without further approval by
our stockholders, which could adversely affect the rights of the
holders of our common stock.


Our Board of Directors has the authority to fix and determine the
relative rights and preferences of preferred stock. Our Board of
Directors has the authority to issue, upon obtaining prior
consent from the holder of Series A Preferred Stock, up to
9,999,000 shares of our preferred stock without further
stockholder approval. As a result, our Board of Directors could
authorize the issuance of a series of preferred stock that would
grant to holders the preferred right to our assets upon
liquidation, the right to receive dividend payments before
dividends are distributed to the holders of common stock and the
right to the redemption of the shares, together with a premium,
prior to the redemption of our common stock. In addition, our
board of directors could authorize the issuance of a series of
preferred stock that has greater voting power than our common
stock or that is convertible into our common stock, which could
decrease the relative voting power of our common stock or result
in dilution to our existing stockholders. Although we have no
present intention to issue any additional shares of preferred
stock or to create any additional series of preferred stock, we
may issue such shares in the future.


As an issuer of penny stock, the protection provided
by the federal securities laws relating to forward looking
statements does not apply to us.


Although federal securities laws provide a safe harbor for
forward-looking statements made by a public company that files
reports under the federal securities laws, this safe harbor is
not available to issuers of penny stocks. As a result, we will
not have the benefit of this safe harbor protection in the event
of any legal action based upon a claim that the material provided
by us contained a material misstatement of fact or was misleading
in any material respect because of our failure to include any
statements necessary to make the statements not misleading. Such
an action could hurt our financial condition.


MANAGEMENTS DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OR PLAN OF
OPERATIONS


This Managements Discussion and Analysis or Plan of
Operations includes a number of forward-looking statements that
reflect Managements current views with respect to future events
and financial performance. You can identify these statements by
forward-looking words such as may, will, expect, anticipate,
believe, estimate and continue, or similar words. Those
statements include statements regarding the intent, belief or
current expectations of us and members of our management team as
well as the assumptions on which such statements are based.
Prospective investors are cautioned that any such forward-looking
statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve
risk and uncertainties, and that actual results may differ
materially from those contemplated by such forward-looking
statements.


Readers are urged to carefully review and consider the
various disclosures made by us in this report and in our other
reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Important factors currently known to management could cause
actual results to differ materially from those in forward-looking
statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise
forward-looking statements to reflect changed assumptions, the
occurrence of unanticipated events or changes in the future
operating results over time. We believe that our assumptions are
based upon reasonable data derived from and known about our
business and operations. No assurances are made that actual
results of operations or the results of our future activities
will not differ materially from our assumptions. Factors that
could cause differences include, but are not limited to, expected
market demand for our products, fluctuations in pricing for our
products, and competition.


Business Overview


Cyberspace Vita was incorporated in the State of Nevada on
November 7, 2006. Its initial business plan was related to the
online sale of vitamins and supplements.


On May 11, 2017, Cyberspace Vita entered into an Exchange
Agreement with Cyberspace Vitas majority shareholder, Project
1493, LLC, a limited liability company organized under the laws
of the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, and the sole member of 1493,
to which the member transferred all of the outstanding membership
interests of 1493 to Cyberspace Vita in exchange for 16,690,912
of its restricted shares of common stock and warrants to purchase
up to 3,000,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of
$0.50 per share. As a result, 1493 became a wholly-owned
subsidiary of the Cyberspace Vita, and the member of 1493
acquired a controlling interest in Cyberspace Vita. For
accounting purposes, the Share Exchange was treated as an
acquisition of Cyberspace Vita and a recapitalization of 1493.
1493 is the accounting acquirer, and the results of its
operations carryover. Accordingly, the operations of Cyberspace
Vita are not carried over and have been adjusted to $0.


        

As a result of the acquisition of all the issued and outstanding
membership interest of 1493, we have now assumed 1493s business
operations as our own.


Nature of Operations


Project 1493 is a limited liability company organized in Puerto
Rico on March 17, 2017. The Company was formerly known as Grey
Finland Advisors, LLC (Grey), which was
organized under the laws of the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico on
March 24, 2011, and has had no operations since that time. The
Company filed a Certificate of Restoration on March 17, 2017 and
elected to change its name to Project 1493, LLC.


1493s business plan relates to the acquisition, development and
operation of medical marijuana dispensaries. 1493 intends to
initially operate in Puerto Rico and has executed two Memorandums
of Understanding (MOU) to acquire four cannabis dispensaries.
1493 anticipates potentially expanding into other markets located
within the U.S. and U.S. territories in the future. However,
there can be no assurance that we will expand into such markets.


Limited Operating History


There is no historical financial information about us which to
base an evaluation of our performance. As of the date of this
filing, we have not generated any revenues from our operations.
We cannot guarantee we will be successful in our business
operations. Our business is subject to risks inherent in the
establishment of a new business enterprise in a complicated
regulatory environment.


The following discussion and analysis should be read in
conjunction with the audited financial statements for Cyberspace
Vita, Inc. for the period ended December 31, 2016 and
accompanying notes that appear as an exhibit to this Current
Report.


DESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY


We are currently in the process of purchasing four (4)
dispensaries as follows:




Property Name



Location



Description




Fajardo



Bo. Quebrada de Fajardo, Carr. #3 Km. 44.9, Fajardo, P.R.
00648



2,774 square feet




Carolina



65th Infantry Avenue, Km. 11.0, marginal 3, Lomas de
Carolina, Carolina, P.R. 00987



2,500 square feet




Dorado



Paseo del Plata Shopping Center, Building No. 3, P.R. 696,
int. Jos Efrn Avenue, Dorado, P.R., 00646



1,900 square feet




San Juan



Calle Andaluca 509, San Juan, Puerto Rico



1,500 square feet




        

SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNER AND
MANAGEMENT.


The following table sets forth certain information with respect
to the beneficial ownership of our voting securities following
the completion of the reverse merger described in Items 1.01 and
3.02 of this report by (i) any person or group owning more than
5% of any class of voting securities; (ii) our director and chief
executive officer; (iii) our chief financial officer; and (iv)
all executive officers and directors as a group as of May 9,
2017. Unless otherwise indicated, the address of all listed
stockholders is c/o Cyberspace Vita, Inc., Cond. Madrid Suite
304, 1760 Loiza Street, San Juan, Puerto Rico 00911.




Name of Beneficial Owner



Common Stock Beneficially Owned




Percentage of Common Stock





Directors and Officers:























Leslie Ball




335,000


(1)




1.11


%















Thomas Gingerich




150,000


(1)




*


%















All officers and directors as a group (2 person)




485,000





1.60


%















Beneficial owners of more than 5%:























Peter Zachariou (2)




1,800,000


(3)




6.00


%















Peach Management LLC




19,690,912


(4)(5)




63.48


%















Keith Jensen




9,416,667


(6)




29.27


%




* Less than 1%





(1)


Includes warrants to purchase up to 100,000 shares of the
Companys common stock exercisable within 60 days.





(2)


The address of Peter Zachariou is 132 Calo Den Real, 07830
San Josep, Ibiza, Spain.





(3)


Includes 100,000 shares withheld by the Company to the terms
of the Exchange Agreement.





(4)


Represents (i) 16,690,912 shares of the Companys common stock
and (ii) warrants to purchase up to 3,000,000 shares of the
Companys common stock, exercisable within 60 days.





(5)


Does not include shares of Series A Preferred Stock held by
the shareholder, which gives the holder 51% of the voting
power of the Company.





(6)


Represents (i) 7,243,590 shares of the Companys common stock
and (ii) warrants to purchase up to 2,173,077 shares of the
Companys common stock, exercisable within 60 days.




DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS


In connection with the change in control of the Company on May
11, 2017, Alexander Diener, our previous Chief Executive Officer,
Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer, Secretary and sole director
resigned from all of his positions with the Company effective May
11, 2017. Concurrently therewith, Leslie Ball was appointed to
serve as our Chief Executive Officer and director, and Thomas
Gingerich was appointed to serve as our Chief Financial Officer.


Set forth below is certain information concerning our current
director and officers, following the reverse merger:




Name



Age



Positions Held











Leslie Ball





Chief Executive Officer











Thomas Gingerich





Chief Financial Officer




Leslie Ball serves as a member of our
board of directors and is our Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Ball
has served as Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors of Cinsay,
Inc. since 2009. Before that, Mr. Ball was the Chief Executive
Officer and president of Corral West Ranchwear. Under his
guidance, the company became one of the largest retailers of
western and workware and grew to 140 locations in the United
States. At Montgomery Ward Corporation, Mr. Ball was President of
Softgoods and Foreign Offices as well as Executive Vice
President, where he headed its apparel business. His retail
experience also encompasses another 22 years in various executive
roles at R.H. Macy, Inc., including President of Macys East,
President of Macys Wholesale, President of Macys South, and
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Macys Midwest. Mr. Ball
attended the Detroit Institute of Technology.


        

Thomas Gingerich is our Chief Financial
Officer. He has 33 years of accounting experience in public and
private practice, specializing in tax compliance, structures and
tax planning. He is a former Partner at Lain, Faulkner Co, PC
specializing in forensic accounting. He is a Certified Public
Accountant and a member of the American Institute of Certified
Public Accountants.


Board Leadership Structure and Role in Risk
Oversight


Due to the small size and early stage of the Company, we have not
adopted a formal policy on whether the Chairman and Chief
Executive Officer positions should be separate or combined.


Our Board of Directors is primarily responsible for overseeing
our risk management processes on behalf of the Company. The Board
of Directors receives and reviews periodic reports from
management, auditors, legal counsel, and others, as considered
appropriate regarding our companys assessment of risks. The Board
of Directors focuses on the most significant risks facing our
company and our companys general risk management strategy, and
also ensures that risks undertaken by our Company are consistent
with the boards appetite for risk. While the board oversees our
companys risk management, management is responsible for
day-to-day risk management processes. We believe this division of
responsibilities is the most effective approach for addressing
the risks facing our company and that our board leadership
structure supports this approach.


Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings


To our knowledge, our directors and executive officers have not
been involved in any of the following events during the past ten
years:





1.


any bankruptcy petition filed by or against such person or
any business of which such person was a general partner or
executive officer either at the time of the bankruptcy or
within two years prior to that time;










2.


any conviction in a criminal proceeding or being subject to a
pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and
other minor offenses);










3.


being subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not
subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of
competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining
him from or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of
business, securities or banking activities or to be
associated with any person practicing in banking or
securities activities;










4.


being found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil
action, the SEC or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission
to have violated a Federal or state securities or commodities
law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or
vacated;










5.


being subject of, or a party to, any Federal or state
judicial or administrative order, judgment decree, or
finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated,
relating to an alleged violation of any Federal or state
securities or commodities law or regulation, any law or
regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance
companies, or any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire
fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or










6.


being subject of or party to any sanction or order, not
subsequently reversed, suspended, or vacated, of any
self-regulatory organization, any registered entity or any
equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that
has disciplinary authority over its members or persons
associated with a member.




Board Committees


There are currently no committees of the Board of Directors, and
the Company does not presently have a director who meets the
definition of an audit committee financial expert.


Code of Ethics


Our board of directors intends to adopt a code of ethics that our
officers, directors and any person who may perform similar
functions will be subject to.


        

EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION


No past officer or director of the Company has received any
compensation and none is due or payable prior to the reverse
merger. Our former sole officer and director, Alexander Diener,
did not receive any compensation for the services he rendered to
the Company, has not received compensation in the past, and is
not accruing any compensation to any agreement with the Company.
No retirement, pension, profit sharing, stock option or insurance
programs or other similar programs have been adopted by the
Company for the benefit of the Companys employees prior to the
reverse merger. In addition, no compensation has been paid or due
to our current officers and director.


Employment Agreements with Named Officers


We have not entered into employment agreements our officer but
anticipate entering into such agreement in the near future. It is
anticipated that such agreement would contain provisions
regarding compensation, and other applicable terms relating to
competition and term of employment.


Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End


We have not granted any equity or option awards to our executive
officers as of December 31, 2016.


Director Compensation


We have not paid any compensation to our directors as of December
31, 2016.


CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND
DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE


Certain Relationships and Related Transactions


Peach Management LLC, an entity owned which is controlled by one
of our shareholders, advanced $40,734 to the Company for various
prepaid expenses for professional fees and restoration fees for
the Company to be in compliance with Puerto Rico laws.


On April 18, 2017 Peach Management LLC made a short term advance
of $150,000 to the Company. The proceeds of the loan were used as
a 50% deposit for the purchase of the first three dispensaries,
according to the Memorandum of Understanding with Puerto Rico
Industrial Commercial Holdings Biotech Corporation
(PRICHBC).


Director Independence


Company currently has one director who does not meet the
definition of independent.


MARKET PRICE OF AND DIVIDENDS ON COMMON EQUITY


AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS


The Companys common stock is quoted on the OTC Pink Market under
the symbol CYVA. There has been minimal reported trading to date
in the Companys common stock.


The following table sets forth the high and low closing bid
prices for our common stock for the fiscal quarter indicated as
reported on the OTC. The quotations reflect inter-dealer prices,
without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission and may not
represent actual transactions.




Period



High




Low





January 1, 2015-March 31, 2015



$


1.00




$


1.00





April 1, 2015-June 30, 2015



$


1.00




$


1.00





July 1, 2015-September 30, 2015



$


1.00




$


1.00





October 1, 2015-December 31, 2015



$


1.00




$


1.00





January 1, 2016-March 31, 2016



$


1.00




$


1.00





April 1, 2016-June 30, 2016



$


1.00




$


0.96





July 1, 2016-September 30, 2016



$


0.96




$


0.96





October 1, 2016-December 31, 2016



$


0.96




$


0.50





January 1, 2017 March 31, 2017



$


0.96




$


0.72





April 1, 2017 May 9, 2017



$


0.96




$


0.96





As of May 9 2017, there were approximately 28 holders of record
of the Companys common stock.


        

Dividends


The Company has never declared or paid any cash dividends on its
common stock. The Company currently intends to retain future
earnings, if any, to finance the expansion of its business. As a
result, the Company does not anticipate paying any cash dividends
in the foreseeable future.


Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity
Compensation Plans


The Company has not adopted any equity compensation plans.


LEGAL PROCEEDINGS


We are not currently involved in any litigation or similar
proceedings.


RECENT SALES OF UNREGISTERED SECURITIES


Share Exchange Agreement


On May 11, 2017, Cyberspace Vita, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the
Company) entered into a share exchange agreement
(the Exchange Agreement) with Peter Zachariou,
the majority shareholder of the Company (the
Shareholder), Project 1493, LLC, a limited
liability company organized under the laws of the Commonwealth of
Puerto Rico (), and the sole member of 1493 (the Member),
to which the Member transferred all of the outstanding membership
interests of 1493 to the Company in exchange for 16,690,912
restricted shares of common stock of the Company (the Exchange
Shares) and warrants to purchase up to 3,000,000 shares of common
stock at an exercise price of $0.50 per share for a period of
three (3) years from the date of issuance (the Exchange Warrants,
and together with the Exchange Shares, the Exchange Securities).
The transaction closed on May 11, 2017 (the Closing
Date).


In connection with the Exchange Agreement, the Company is
withholding one hundred thousand (100,000) shares of common stock
of the Shareholder for a period of six (6) months, subject to
certain post-closing conditions.


As a result, 1493 became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the
Company, and the Member acquired a controlling interest in the
Company (the Share Exchange). For accounting
purposes, the Share Exchange was treated as an acquisition of
Cyberspace Vita and a recapitalization of 1493. 1493 is the
accounting acquirer, and the results of its operations carryover.
Accordingly, the operations of Cyberspace Vita are not carried
over and have been adjusted to $0.


In issuing the Exchange Securities to the Member, the Company
relied upon the exemption from registration provided by Section
4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, as, among
other things, the transaction did not involve a public offering
and the securities were acquired for investment purposes only and
not with a view to or for sale in connection with any
distribution thereof.


Debt Exchange Agreement


On May 11, 2017, the Company also entered into a debt exchange
agreement (the Debt Exchange) with Fountainhead
Capital Management Limited (Fountainhead), a
related party, whereby Fountainhead agreed to cancel a promissory
note in the aggregate amount of $510,652 plus accrued interest of
$129,265. As consideration, Fountainhead received an aggregate of
1,800,000 shares of the Companys common stock, of which 200,000
shares of common stock have already been issued.


Private Placement Offering


On May 11, 2017, the Company entered into a subscription
agreement (the Subscription Agreement) with
selected accredited investors (each, an Investor
and, collectively, the Investors). to the terms
of the Subscription Agreement, the Company had the right to sell
in a private placement (the Offering) a minimum
of $1,000,000 and up to a maximum of $3,300,000 of its
securities, consisting of (i) shares of its common stock
(Shares), and (ii) warrants to purchase shares
of common stock (the Warrants), at a purchase
price of $0.39 per Share. Each Warrant shall be exercisable at
any time on or after the date of issuance for a period of three
(3) years at an exercise price per share equal to $0.50 per
share, subject to adjustment as provided in the agreement
evidencing the Warrants. The number of shares of common stock
underlying the Warrants is equal to 30% of the number of Shares
issued to each Investor in the Offering (the Warrant
Shares).


The Offering closed on May 11, 2017. The Company issued a total
of 8,461,538 Shares and 2,538,462 Warrants to purchase up to
2,538,462 for total gross proceeds of $3,300,000.


Other Issuances


In connection with the Exchange Agreement, Debt Exchange and
Subscription Agreement, the Company issued to certain consultants
an aggregate of 3,000,000 shares of common stock and warrants to
purchase up to an aggregate of 500,000 shares of common stock at
an exercise price of $0.50 per share for a period of three (3)
years from the date of issuance.


        

In connection with the foregoing issuances, the Company relied
upon the exemption from securities registration provided by
Section 4(a)(2) under the Securities Act for transactions not
involving a public offering.


DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES


Authorized and Outstanding Capital Stock


We have authorized 100,000,000 shares of common stock, par value
$0.001, of which 30,000,000 are currently issued and outstanding.
We currently have 9,999,000 shares of blank check preferred
stock, and 1,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock.


Common Stock


The holders of our common stock are entitled to one vote per
share. In addition, the holders of our common stock will be
entitled to receive ratably dividends, if any, declared by our
board of directors out of legally available funds; however, the
current policy of our board of directors is to retain earnings,
if any, for operations and growth. Upon liquidation, dissolution
or winding-up, the holders of our common stock will be entitled
to share ratably in all assets that are legally available for
distribution. The holders of our common stock will have no
preemptive, subscription, redemption or conversion rights. The
rights, preferences and privileges of holders of our common stock
will be subject to, and may be adversely affected by, the rights
of the holders of any series of preferred stock, which may be
designated solely by action of our board of directors and issued
in the future.


Series A Preferred Stock


The holder of Series A Preferred Stock shall have full voting
right and shall vote together as a single class with the holders
of the Companys common stock. The holder of Series A Preferred
Stock are entitled to fifty-one percent (51%) of the total votes
on all matters brought before shareholders of the Company,
regardless of the actual number of shares of Series A Preferred
Stock then outstanding. In addition, the Company is prohibited
from issuing any other class of preferred stock without first
obtaining the prior approval of the holders of Series A Preferred
Stock.


Blank Check Preferred Stock


Our board of directors will be authorized, subject to any
limitations prescribed by law, without further vote or action by
our stockholders, to issue from time to time shares of preferred
stock in one or more series. Each series of preferred stock will
have the number of shares, designations, preferences, voting
powers, qualifications and special or relative rights or
privileges as shall be determined by our board of directors,
which may include, among others, dividend rights, voting rights,
liquidation preferences, conversion rights and preemptive rights.


INDEMNIFICATION OF DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS


Neither our Articles of Incorporation nor Bylaws prevent us from
indemnifying our officers, directors and agents to the extent
permitted under the Nevada Revised Statute (NRS). NRS Section
78.7502 provides that a corporation shall indemnify any director,
officer, employee or agent of a corporation against expenses,
including attorneys fees, actually and reasonably incurred by him
in connection with any the defense to the extent that a director,
officer, employee or agent of a corporation has been successful
on the merits or otherwise in defense of any action, suit or
proceeding referred to Section 78.7502(1) or 78.7502(2), or in
defense of any claim, issue or matter therein.


NRS 78.7502(1) provides that a corporation may indemnify any
person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party
to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or
proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or
investigative, except an action by or in the right of the
corporation, by reason of the fact that he is or was a director,
officer, employee or agent of the corporation, or is or was
serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer,
employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint
venture, trust or other enterprise, against expenses, including
attorneys fees, judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement
actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection with the
action, suit or proceeding if he: (a) is not liable to NRS
78.138; or (b) acted in good faith and in a manner which he
reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests
of the corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or
proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe his conduct was
unlawful.


NRS Section 78.7502(2) provides that a corporation may indemnify
any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a
party to any threatened, pending or completed action or suit by
or in the right of the corporation to procure a judgment in its
favor by reason of the fact that he is or was a director,
officer, employee or agent of the corporation, or is or was
serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer,
employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint
venture, trust or other enterprise against expenses, including
amounts paid in settlement and attorneys fees actually and
reasonably incurred by him in connection with the defense or
settlement of the action or suit if he: (a) is not liable to NRS
78.138; or (b) acted in good faith and in a manner which he
reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests
of the corporation. Indemnification may not be made for any
claim, issue or matter as to which such a person has been
adjudged by a court of competent jurisdiction, after exhaustion
of all appeals there from, to be liable to the corporation or for
amounts paid in settlement to the corporation, unless and only to
the extent that the court in which the action or suit was brought
or other court of competent jurisdiction determines upon
application that in view of all the circumstances of the case,
the person is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for
such expenses as the court deems proper.


        

NRS Section 78.747 provides that except as otherwise provided by
specific statute, no director or officer of a corporation is
individually liable for a debt or liability of the corporation,
unless the director or officer acts as the alter ego of the
corporation. The court as a matter of law must determine the
question of whether a director or officer acts as the alter ego
of a corporation.


Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the
Securities Act may be permitted to directors, officers or persons
controlling us to the foregoing provisions, we have been informed
that, in the opinion of the SEC, such indemnification is against
public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is therefore
unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification
against such liabilities (other than the payment by the
registrant of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or
controlling person of the registrant in the successful defense of
any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director,
officer or controlling person in connection with the securities
being registered, we will, unless in the opinion of our counsel
the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a
court of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such
indemnification by us is against public policy as expressed
hereby in the Securities Act and we will be governed by the final
adjudication of such issue.


Item 3.02 Unregistered Sales of Equity
Securities.


Reference is made to the disclosure made under Item 1.01 and 2.01
which are incorporated herein by reference.


Item 4.01 Changes in Registrants Certifying
Accountant.


None.


Item 5.01 Changes in Control of Registrant


The information set forth in Item 1.01 and Item 2.01 of this
Current Report on Form 8-K is incorporated by reference to this
Item 5.01.


Item 5.02 Departure of Directors and Principal Officers,
Election of Directors, Appointment of Principal Officers


Reference is made to the disclosure made under Item 1.01 and Item
2.01 which is incorporated herein by reference. For certain
biographical and other information regarding the newly appointed
officers and directors, see the disclosure under the heading
DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, PROMOTERS AND CONTROL PERSONS
under Item 2.01 which disclosure is incorporated herein by
reference.


Item 5.03 Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or
Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year.


On May 11, 2017, the Company filed a certificate of designation
designating 1,000 shares of Series A preferred stock (the
Preferred Stock). The holder of Preferred Stock
shall have full voting right and shall vote together as a single
class with the holders of the Companys common stock. The holder
of the Preferred Stock is entitled to fifty-one percent (51%) of
the total votes on all matters brought before shareholders of the
Company, regardless of the actual number of shares of Preferred
Stock then outstanding. In addition, the Company is prohibited
from issuing any other class of preferred stock without first
obtaining the prior approval of the holders of Preferred Stock.


Item 5.06 Change in Shell Company Status.


As a result of the consummation of the Exchange Agreement
described in Item 1.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K, we are
no longer a shell corporation as the term is defined in Rule 405
of the Securities Act and Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.


Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.


(a) Financial statements of Project 1493, LLC are included
following the page.


(b) Pro forma financial information. See exhibit 99.1.


(c) Shell Company Transactions. See (a) and (b) of this Item
9.01.


(d) Exhibits


        



Exhibit Number



Description




3.1



Articles of Incorporation




3.2



By-Laws




3.3



Certificate of Designation for Series A Preferred Stock




10.1



Share Exchange Agreement, by and among Cyberspace Vita, Inc.,
Peter Zachariou, the majority shareholder of the Company,
Project 1493, LLC, and the sole member of Project 1493, LLC,
dated May 11, 2017




10.2



Form of Debt Exchange Agreement




10.3



Form of Subscription Agreement




10.4



Form of Warrant




23.1



Consent of Turner, Stone Company




99.1



Pro-Forma Financial Information




        

to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the
registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.





CYBERSPACE VITA, INC.









Dated: May 15, 2017


By:


/s/ Leslie Ball





Name:


Leslie Ball





Title:


Chief Executive Officer




        

Project 1493, LLC


Balance Sheet


April 30, 2017




Assets















Current Assets








Prepaid Expenses



$


21,734





Total Current Assets




21,734












Other Assets








Deposit (Note 7)




150,000





Total Other Assets




150,000












Total Assets



$


171,734












Liabilities and Member Equity















Current Liabilities








Advances Payable, related party (Note 5)



$


20,734





Short term advance, related parties (Notes 5 and
6)




150,000





Total Current Liabilities




170,734












Total Liabilities




170,734












Commitments and Contingencies (Note 7)















Member Equity (Note 3)















Member equity




1,000












Total Member Equity




1,000












Total Liabilities and Member Equity



$


171,734





The accompanying footnotes are an integral part of this financial
statement.


     F-         

Project 1493, LLC


Notes to Balance Sheet


April 30, 2017


1. Nature of Operations


Project 1493, LLC (Company) was organized under the laws of the
Commonwealth of Puerto Rico on March 17, 2017. The Company was
formerly known as Grey Finland Advisors, LLC (Grey), which was
organized under the laws of the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico on
March 24, 2011, and has had no operations since that time. The
Company filed a Certificate of Restoration on March 17, 2017 and
elected to change its name to Project 1493, LLC.


The Company will operate licensed cannabis dispensaries
throughout Puerto Rico. Currently, the Company is focused on
identifying sites, purchasing pre-qualifications to dispensary
licenses, building sites and opening dispensaries for service.
The Company has executed two Memorandums of Understanding (MOU)
to acquire four cannabis dispensaries. (Note 7).


Omitted financial statements


Since the Company has had nominal activity since its inception
through April 30, 2017, the Company is omitting the Statement of
Operations and Statement of Cash Flows. The Company has had
nominal equity activity since inception through April 30, 2017.
As of April 30, 2017 the sole member contributed $1,000. See Note
3.


2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies


Basis of Presentation


The balance sheet of the Company has been prepared in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles in the United
States of America.


Use of Estimates and Assumptions


The preparation of the balance sheet in conformity with U.S.
generally accepted accounting principles requires management to
make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts
of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and
liabilities at the date of the balance sheet.


Cash and cash equivalents


The Company considers all cash on hand, cash in banks and all
highly liquid debt instruments purchased with a maturity of three
months or less to be cash and cash equivalents. At times, cash
and cash equivalent balances at a limited number of banks and
financial institutions may exceed insurable amounts. The Company
believes it mitigates its risks by depositing cash or investing
in cash equivalents in major financial institutions. At April 30,
2017 the Company had no cash.


Revenue Recognition


The Company will recognize revenue when:






Persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists:






Delivery has occurred;






Price is fixed or determinable; and






Collectability is reasonably assured.




     F-         

The Company follows the provisions of the Financial Accounting
Standards Board (FASB) Accounting Standards Codification Topic
(ASC) 605, Revenue Recognition, which includes the guidelines of
Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 104 as described above.


Fair Value of Financial Instruments


The carrying value of the Companys current liabilities
approximates fair value because of the short maturity of these
instruments. Unless otherwise noted, it is managements opinion
the Company is not exposed to significant interest, currency or
credit risks arising from these financial instruments.


Income Taxes


The Company will follow the accrual method of accounting for
income taxes. Under this method, deferred income tax assets and
liabilities are recognized for the estimated tax consequences
attributable to differences between the financial statement
carrying values and their respective income tax basis (temporary
differences). The effect on the deferred income tax assets and
liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in
the period that includes the enactment date. The Company was
organized under the laws of the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, and
therefore will be taxed at normal U.S. Federal corporate income
tax rates.


Recent Accounting Pronouncements


As of April 30, 2017 and through May 10, 2017, there were several
new accounting pronouncements issued by the Financial Accounting
Standards Board. Each of these pronouncements, as applicable, has
been or will be adopted by the Company. Management does not
believe the adoption of any of these accounting pronouncements
has had or will have a material impact on the Companys financial
position or future operating results. The Company will monitor
these emerging issues to assess any potential future impact on
its financial statements.


3. Member Equity


On March 17, 2017, the Company authorized the issuance of 1,000
units to Peach Management, LLC (Peach) for $1,000, used for
prepaid expenses on behalf of the Company. Peach is beneficially
owned 100% by Christian Briggs, the Companys sole manager.


4. Income Taxes


Deferred income taxes are reported using the liability method.
Deferred tax assets are recognized for deductible temporary
differences and deferred tax liabilities are recognized for
taxable temporary differences. Temporary differences are the
differences between the reported amounts of assets and
liabilities and their tax bases. Deferred tax assets are reduced
by a valuation allowance when, in the opinion of management, it
is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred
tax assets will not be realized. Deferred tax assets and
liabilities are adjusted for the effects of changes in tax laws
and rates on the date of enactment. Current and accumulated
deferred tax benefit will be at the effective U.S. Federal
corporate income tax rates.


     F-         

5. Related Party Transactions


Since inception of the Company through April 30, 2017, Peach
advanced $20,734, unsecured and payable upon demand, to the
Company for various prepaid expenses for professional fees and
restoration fees for the Company to be in compliance with Puerto
Rico laws. The advance does not bear interest or accrue interest.


On April 18, 2017 Peach made a short term advance of $150,000 to
the Company. The proceeds of the loan were used as a 50% deposit
for the purchase of the first three dispensaries, according to
the Memorandum of Understanding with Puerto Rico Industrial
Commercial Holdings Biotech Corporation (PRICHBC), an unrelated
third party. See Note 7.


6. Short Term Advance


On April 18, 2017 the Company entered into an unsecured short
term advance from Peach of $150,000, payable upon demand. The
short term advance does not carry an interest rate and is not
subject to an interest accrual.


7. Commitments and Contingencies


Reverse Acquisition


On March 22, 2017 the Company entered a binding term sheet (term
sheet) with Cyberspace Vita, Inc. (CVI) whereby CVI will acquire
100% of the membership interests of the Company. The anticipated
closing date was April 1, 2017, but was amended on April 28, 2017
to extend the transaction until May 31, 2017. CVI is a publicly
traded company listed on the OTC markets. The Company will enter
into a securities exchange agreement with CVI which exchange
shall qualify as a tax-free reorganization under the U.S.
Internal Revenue Code, and

 About CYBERSPACE VITA, INC. (OTCMKTS:CYVA) Cyberspace Vita, Inc. is a development-stage and shell company. The Company’s business plan is to seek, investigate, and, if warranted, acquire one or more properties or businesses, and to pursue other related activities. The acquisition of a business opportunity may be made by purchase, merger, exchange of stock or otherwise, and may encompass assets or a business entity, such as a corporation, joint venture or partnership. The Company’s original business plan was to create and conduct an online business for the sale of vitamins and supplement on the Internet. The Company may enter into a combination with a private business engaged in various line of business, including service, finance, mining, manufacturing, real estate, oil and gas, distribution, transportation, medical, communications, high technology, biotechnology or any other. The Company has not generated any revenues. CYBERSPACE VITA, INC. (OTCMKTS:CYVA) Recent Trading Information CYBERSPACE VITA, INC. (OTCMKTS:CYVA) closed its last trading session 00.000 at 0.960 with 1,100 shares trading hands.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.An ad to help with our costs

RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR      Canadian Pacific Railway Limited (TSE:CP) Files An 8-K Other Events    Duos Technologies Group, Inc. (OTCMKTS:DUOT) Files An 8-K Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement    VECTREN CORPORATION (NYSE:VVC) Files An 8-K Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement     Technovative Group, Inc. (OTCMKTS:TEHG) Files An 8-K Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain...    PACIFIC CONTINENTAL CORPORATION (NASDAQ:PCBK) Files An 8-K Financial Statements and Exhibits    MENDOCINO BREWING COMPANY, INC. (OTCMKTS:MENB) Files An 8-K Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement  Subscribe to our Newsletter

Email *











First nameLast nameEmail



A word from the sponsor      Latest Articles
 PINGTAN MARINE ENTERPRISE LTD. (NASDAQ:PME) Files An 8-K Results of Operations and Financial Condition 
 RAYONIER ADVANCED MATERIALS INC. (NYSE:RYAM) Files An 8-K Financial Statements and Exhibits 
 ARMSTRONG WORLD INDUSTRIES, INC. (NYSE:AWI) Files An 8-K Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders 

  Recent Posts 
 Canadian Pacific Railway Limited (TSE:CP) Files An 8-K Other Events 
 Duos Technologies Group, Inc. (OTCMKTS:DUOT) Files An 8-K Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement 
 VECTREN CORPORATION (NYSE:VVC) Files An 8-K Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement 
 Technovative Group, Inc. (OTCMKTS:TEHG) Files An 8-K Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers 
 PACIFIC CONTINENTAL CORPORATION (NASDAQ:PCBK) Files An 8-K Financial Statements and Exhibits 

 Sponsored      EDITOR PICKS    Biotech Movers: Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ) and Pfizer Inc. (NYSE:PFE)  July 17, 2017   Biotech Movers: TESARO Inc (NASDAQ:TSRO) and Mylan N.V. (NASDAQ:MYL)  July 14, 2017   Novartis AG (ADR) (NYSE:NVS) Just Took A Big Step Forward In...  July 13, 2017 POPULAR POSTS    This Small Nasdaq Hidden Gem May Have a $2.8B Drug  July 16, 2017   Weekly Biotech Report covering – Opko Health Inc (NYSE:OPK) Intercept...  April 11, 2016   Facebook Inc – (NASDAQ:FB) Might Be Moving Away From Its...  April 8, 2016 POPULAR CATEGORYSEC Filings37676LSE1947Stocks1360Tech News1248Biotech Stocks1168Stock Market News1117Small Caps710Canada470Press Releases453   ABOUT USMarket Exclusive offers the latest financial news and analysis for selected US stocks and securities. We are an investor driven research platform where new investment ideas from a exclusively selected group of seasoned investment analysts and qualified members from various disciplines are able to deliver their investment thesis’ across various industries and sectors. Our burgeoning team is comprised of individuals with strong backgrounds from various disciplines and businesses. Our goal is to provide an exclusive forum for contributors and users to leverage the knowledge base in order to make smarter investing decisions.
At Market Exclusive, we believe that quality information from experienced well seasoned contributors provide our members with an edge that allows them to make wise investment choices.
Market Exclusive is not a registered investment broker/dealer. The content on this site is for informational purposes only. Additionally, the content on this site does not represent the views of Market Exclusive and is solely a representation of the authors who publish them. Before investing in any security you should do your own due diligence and consult with a registered broker or financial advisor.Contact us: [email protected]FOLLOW US


















    SEC Filings Stocks Stock Market News Tech News Biotech Stocks Featured Small Caps gold Other News Oil Become a Contributor! About Marketexclusive.com Contributors Advertise On Market Exclusive Contact Us   © Market Exclusive 2015

 





































Business Directories by State
































Locations

            Top States:

                Florida
- (7,668,568 Businesses)
California
- (7,998,707 Businesses)
Texas
- (4,844,123 Businesses)
New York
- (4,451,436 Businesses)
Pennsylvania
- (1,273,348 Businesses)

Advertisements









States












                                                        Alabama
                                                    




                                                        424,733 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        529,179 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Alaska
                                                    




                                                        90,124 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        119,266 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Arizona
                                                    




                                                        757,577 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        800,059 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Arkansas
                                                    




                                                        263,265 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        325,843 People Found
                                                    










                                                        California
                                                    




                                                        7,998,707 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        7,373,819 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Colorado
                                                    




                                                        810,965 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        814,457 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Connecticut
                                                    




                                                        468,528 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        572,166 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Delaware
                                                    




                                                        132,203 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        114,760 People Found
                                                    










                                                        District Of Columbia
                                                    




                                                        101,098 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        225,569 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Florida
                                                    




                                                        7,668,568 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        10,379,295 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Georgia
                                                    




                                                        1,255,913 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,396,340 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Hawaii
                                                    




                                                        129,778 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        152,776 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Idaho
                                                    




                                                        172,946 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        201,511 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Illinois
                                                    




                                                        1,181,775 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,483,850 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Indiana
                                                    




                                                        578,336 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        719,895 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Iowa
                                                    




                                                        329,478 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        460,060 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Kansas
                                                    




                                                        282,167 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        348,203 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Kentucky
                                                    




                                                        405,363 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        504,608 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Louisiana
                                                    




                                                        633,706 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        615,567 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Maine
                                                    




                                                        130,772 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        174,828 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Maryland
                                                    




                                                        674,761 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        710,572 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Massachusetts
                                                    




                                                        726,390 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,027,523 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Michigan
                                                    




                                                        934,309 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,131,010 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Minnesota
                                                    




                                                        592,078 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        758,209 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Mississippi
                                                    




                                                        261,250 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        322,667 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Missouri
                                                    




                                                        597,997 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        706,322 People Found
                                                    














                                                        Montana
                                                    




                                                        130,347 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        158,428 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Nebraska
                                                    




                                                        191,594 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        279,673 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Nevada
                                                    




                                                        1,037,013 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,194,143 People Found
                                                    










                                                        New Hampshire
                                                    




                                                        154,616 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        193,717 People Found
                                                    










                                                        New Jersey
                                                    




                                                        974,360 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,091,903 People Found
                                                    










                                                        New Mexico
                                                    




                                                        178,355 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        231,695 People Found
                                                    










                                                        New York
                                                    




                                                        4,451,436 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        2,890,348 People Found
                                                    










                                                        North Carolina
                                                    




                                                        989,345 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,123,726 People Found
                                                    










                                                        North Dakota
                                                    




                                                        81,418 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        101,993 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Ohio
                                                    




                                                        1,062,591 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,335,491 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Oklahoma
                                                    




                                                        379,567 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        422,307 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Oregon
                                                    




                                                        510,730 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        621,776 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Pennsylvania
                                                    




                                                        1,273,348 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,546,221 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Puerto Rico
                                                    




                                                        55,527 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        60,845 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Rhode Island
                                                    




                                                        111,772 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        132,878 People Found
                                                    










                                                        South Carolina
                                                    




                                                        406,911 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        483,894 People Found
                                                    










                                                        South Dakota
                                                    




                                                        92,785 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        126,265 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Tennessee
                                                    




                                                        620,250 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        751,954 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Texas
                                                    




                                                        4,844,123 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        5,747,622 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Utah
                                                    




                                                        363,011 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        377,419 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Vermont
                                                    




                                                        81,906 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        106,956 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Virginia
                                                    




                                                        911,909 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,016,490 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Washington
                                                    




                                                        830,492 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        864,073 People Found
                                                    










                                                        West Virginia
                                                    




                                                        136,960 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        185,319 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Wisconsin
                                                    




                                                        486,943 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        707,971 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Wyoming
                                                    




                                                        77,247 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        90,781 People Found
                                                    













                Company Directory:
            
            Browse directory by company name:
            
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
(more)







People Directory: 

            Names starting with letters:

            
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
















You must be signed in to print.
Once signed in, look for the PDF button.


















Encino, California Business Directory - Companies and People Search









































Encino, CA Business Directory


















Home



                >
                

U.S.



              
                >
                

California








Advertisements








Company profiles trending over the last 7 days



















Reason 4 Sports LLC

                                                
                                                    Encino, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Jeff Adrien










Smith Legacy, LLC

                                                
                                                    Encino, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
David O. Smith










Dillon J Shook, LLC

                                                
                                                    Encino, CA
                                                
                                        










Miami Color Creations LLC

                                                
                                                    Encino, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Armen Avakyan










Devilina Productions

                                                
                                                    Encino, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Scott Buck










Game Grumps Inc

                                                
                                                    Encino, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Arin Hanson










Exer Holding Company LLC

                                                
                                                    Encino, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Cherlin Johnson
Eva Kurtin










Minim Productions, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Encino, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Rita L. Tuzon
John Nallen
Janet L. Nova










Stx Financing, LLC

                                                
                                                    Encino, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Sophie Watts
Robert Bruce Simonds
Rich Sullivan










Royal Cyber Inc.

                                                
                                                    Encino, CA
                                                
                                        










Ere Investments, LLC.

                                                
                                                    Encino, CA
                                                
                                        










Stanmax Corporation

                                                
                                                    Encino, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Stanley Levine










Encino Plumbing & Fire Protection, LLC

                                                
                                                    Encino, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
David Kleinman
Gary Kleinman
Alice Kleinman










Wilma TV, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Encino, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
David Baral










Corporate Distributions Inc

                                                
                                                    Encino, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
John Gordon Jones










First Bridge Merchant Solutions, LLC

                                                
                                                    Encino, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Marc Geolina
Ryan Rainey










Davenport Restaurant Group, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Encino, CA
                                                
                                        










Sceal Films Inc

                                                
                                                    Encino, CA
                                                
                                        










Nerveology LLC

                                                
                                                    Encino, CA
                                                
                                        










Credit Strategy Partners L.L.C.

                                                
                                                    Encino, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Samuel David Lozano










Snf Payroll, LLC

                                                
                                                    Encino, CA
                                                
                                        










J&L Development Enterprises LLC

                                                
                                                    Encino, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Tariq Jalil
Cain Leon










Hudson Labor Solutions, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Encino, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Raymond Yashouafar










Digital Atoms, LLC

                                                
                                                    Encino, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Collective Management Group LLC










Bala Productions, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Encino, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Andrew Glassman










Vital Medical Technologies LLC

                                                
                                                    Encino, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Jack L. Tawfik
Samuel Elkin










James Investments Partners I, LLC

                                                
                                                    Encino, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Ed Ratinoff










Warner Food Management, Inc

                                                
                                                    Encino, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Sudesh Sood
Terry O'Herrick
Joseph Espinosa










Oakwood Capital LLC

                                                
                                                    Encino, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Adam M. Corleto
Melissa L. Corleto
Richard A. Corleto










Metal Jeans Inc

                                                
                                                    Encino, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Charles Swift
Charles Turner
Irv Goldblum










Hybrid Capital Group, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Encino, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Victor Hanna
Linda Lujan










Ideation Holdings, LLC

                                                
                                                    Encino, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Bradley W. Spahr
Steven J. Port










American Travel Solutions, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Encino, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Jeff Klee
Eric Fichtelberg
Craig Michael Fichtelberg










Sonoca Corporation

                                                
                                                    Encino, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Kymberly Nelson
James A. Sowards










Kravitz, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Encino, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Louis Kravitz
Daniel Gene Kravitz










Amalfi Assets Inc.

                                                
                                                    Encino, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Erika Rice










Malibu Marketing, LLC

                                                
                                                    Encino, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Douglas Friedman
Brenda Geffner










Sunset Equity Partners, LLC

                                                
                                                    Encino, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Lida Kohansameh
Benjamin Donel










A.P.G. Investment, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Encino, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Gil Peled
Giora Peled










Crowsnest Properties, LLC

                                                
                                                    Encino, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Owen Frost
E. Owen Frost










True Renewable Energy, Incorporated

                                                
                                                    Encino, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Miry Rabinavitch
Homayoun Rahnoma
Zeer Ravinocirch










Bsd USA Franchisor, LLC

                                                
                                                    Encino, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Amit Kleinberger
Eli Fitlouitz
Yotam Reger










Olivia Del Rio Studio, LLC

                                                
                                                    Encino, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Neves Jeruzia De Oliveira
Foy Gilles
Neves Jeruzia De Oliv










Joyful Girl Productions, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Encino, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Laurie McCarthy










G & S Investments, LLC

                                                
                                                    Encino, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Theodore J. Slavin
Richard Goldman
Ronald D. Goldman










Gloria Center LLC

                                                
                                                    Encino, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Kamran Hekmat










Hallock Healey Entertainment, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Encino, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Scott W. Hallock










Must Garment U.S., Inc.

                                                
                                                    Encino, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Ido Sarusi










Ok Management

                                                
                                                    Encino, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Jeff Kramer










Ferovision Group, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Encino, CA
                                                
                                        




















                    Recently found companies in Encino
                





Company
Found




Reason 4 Sports LLC


                23 days ago
            



Smith Legacy, LLC


                23 days ago
            



Miami Color Creations LLC


                24 days ago
            



Dillon J Shook, LLC


                24 days ago
            



Deluxe Holding LLC


                24 days ago
            



Vahmg Trading LLC


                24 days ago
            



Right Lessons LLC


                24 days ago
            



A Bisl Und A Bisl, LLC


                24 days ago
            



Underground Jam, LLC


                24 days ago
            



Nerveology LLC


                24 days ago
            



Westwood Manning, LLC


                24 days ago
            



Allora Group, LLC


                24 days ago
            



Bleusky Management, LLC


                24 days ago
            



Sdb 1026 Pacific, LLC


                24 days ago
            



James Sb V, LLC


                24 days ago
            



4002 Via Lucero Partners, Lp


                24 days ago
            



Scare Machine, LLC


                24 days ago
            



Blue Loma LLC


                24 days ago
            



Umbz Investments I’, LLC


                24 days ago
            



Alvarado Street Real Estate, LLC


                24 days ago
            



Apis Insights, LLC


                24 days ago
            



Umbz Investments II, LLC


                24 days ago
            



D9 Foundation


                24 days ago
            



Darmo and Rabadi Wellness Center, Inc.


                24 days ago
            



Hawkins Brown Architects USA Inc.


                24 days ago
            



I’ Team Builders and Design Inc


                24 days ago
            



Wark Media Group, Inc.


                24 days ago
            



The Solution Market Inc.


                24 days ago
            



Rakhamimov Group Inc


                24 days ago
            



Health Point Medical Group, Inc.


                24 days ago
            



Taj Management Solutions


                24 days ago
            



Health Solutions Group, Inc.


                24 days ago
            



STUDIO10 Maintenance Association.


                24 days ago
            



Pipeline Digital, Inc.


                24 days ago
            



La It Consultants, Inc.


                24 days ago
            



Meserkhani Orthodontic Dental Corporation


                24 days ago
            



Health Links Solutions, Inc.


                24 days ago
            



The Global Bailey Group II


                24 days ago
            



Dfg Realty Inc.


                24 days ago
            



What Happened In Vegas LLC


                31 days ago
            



Maxxway, LLC


                31 days ago
            



Lion Holdings LLC, The


                31 days ago
            



Ron Miller Songbook Publishing LLC


                31 days ago
            



Bubba and Zeda, LLC


                31 days ago
            



213 Wood Acquisitions, LLC


                31 days ago
            



3919 Westfall, LLC


                31 days ago
            



D3 Trucking, LLC


                31 days ago
            



Jrp Capital Partners, LLC


                31 days ago
            



1747 Greenwood, LLC


                31 days ago
            



App Parents LLC


                31 days ago
            








Top cities in California





Rank
City
Companies Found




                1
            


                    Los Angeles
                


                799,067
            



                2
            


                    San Diego
                


                349,382
            



                3
            


                    San Francisco
                


                318,066
            



                4
            


                    San Jose
                


                179,352
            



                5
            


                    Sacramento
                


                146,372
            



                6
            


                    Irvine
                


                137,614
            



                7
            


                    Beverly Hills
                


                115,428
            



                8
            


                    Newport Beach
                


                93,146
            



                9
            


                    Santa Monica
                


                89,771
            



                10
            


                    Oakland
                


                89,047
            



                11
            


                    Long Beach
                


                88,013
            



                12
            


                    Fresno
                


                80,971
            



                13
            


                    Santa Ana
                


                76,441
            



                14
            


                    Anaheim
                


                75,623
            



                15
            


                    Glendale
                


                73,389
            



                16
            


                    Bakersfield
                


                67,524
            



                17
            


                    Pasadena
                


                64,698
            



                18
            


                    Riverside
                


                63,638
            



                19
            


                    Torrance
                


                59,867
            



                20
            


                    Huntington Beach
                


                58,605
            



                21
            


                    Encino
                


                53,896
            



                22
            


                    Woodland Hills
                


                53,517
            



                23
            


                    Santa Barbara
                


                51,953
            



                24
            


                    Costa Mesa
                


                51,518
            



                25
            


                    Orange
                


                50,335
            



                26
            


                    Sherman Oaks
                


                50,045
            



                27
            


                    Burbank
                


                48,406
            



                28
            


                    Palo Alto
                


                48,091
            



                29
            


                    Fremont
                


                48,000
            



                30
            


                    Carlsbad
                


                47,048
            



                31
            


                    Van Nuys
                


                46,072
            



                32
            


                    Corona
                


                42,617
            



                33
            


                    Santa Rosa
                


                42,557
            



                34
            


                    North Hollywood
                


                41,253
            



                35
            


                    San Mateo
                


                41,067
            



                36
            


                    Stockton
                


                39,492
            



                37
            


                    Santa Clara
                


                38,274
            



                38
            


                    Rancho Cucamonga
                


                36,698
            



                39
            


                    Walnut Creek
                


                35,790
            



                40
            


                    Chula Vista
                


                34,464
            



                41
            


                    La Jolla
                


                34,000
            



                42
            


                    Sunnyvale
                


                33,792
            



                43
            


                    Fullerton
                


                33,733
            



                44
            


                    Escondido
                


                33,649
            



                45
            


                    Garden Grove
                


                33,250
            



                46
            


                    Modesto
                


                33,096
            



                47
            


                    Berkeley
                


                32,758
            



                48
            


                    West Hollywood
                


                32,385
            



                49
            


                    Temecula
                


                32,003
            



                50
            


                    Tustin
                


                31,029
            



                51
            


                    Roseville
                


                30,902
            



                52
            


                    Ontario
                


                30,551
            



                53
            


                    El Cajon
                


                30,360
            



                54
            


                    Redwood City
                


                29,912
            



                55
            


                    Hayward
                


                29,823
            



                56
            


                    Arcadia
                


                29,379
            



                57
            


                    Thousand Oaks
                


                29,135
            



                58
            


                    Oceanside
                


                29,089
            



                59
            


                    Ventura
                


                29,076
            



                60
            


                    Alhambra
                


                29,007
            



                61
            


                    San Rafael
                


                28,826
            



                62
            


                    Mission Viejo
                


                28,037
            



                63
            


                    San Bernardino
                


                27,266
            



                64
            


                    Culver City
                


                26,766
            



                65
            


                    Redondo Beach
                


                26,495
            



                66
            


                    Gardena
                


                26,194
            



                67
            


                    Mountain View
                


                26,120
            



                68
            


                    Simi Valley
                


                25,653
            



                69
            


                    Calabasas
                


                25,004
            



                70
            


                    Whittier
                


                24,942
            



                71
            


                    Concord
                


                24,930
            



                72
            


                    Pleasanton
                


                24,750
            



                73
            


                    San Clemente
                


                24,265
            



                74
            


                    Encinitas
                


                24,215
            



                75
            


                    Menlo Park
                


                24,054
            



                76
            


                    Murrieta
                


                23,875
            



                77
            


                    Northridge
                


                23,777
            



                78
            


                    Oxnard
                


                23,294
            



                79
            


                    Inglewood
                


                23,085
            



                80
            


                    Westlake Village
                


                23,012
            



                81
            


                    Laguna Niguel
                


                22,753
            



                82
            


                    Redding
                


                22,679
            



                83
            


                    Fontana
                


                22,678
            



                84
            


                    Vista
                


                22,678
            



                85
            


                    Monterey Park
                


                22,674
            



                86
            


                    Studio City
                


                22,417
            



                87
            


                    Marina Del Rey
                


                22,316
            



                88
            


                    Palm Desert
                


                22,140
            



                89
            


                    Napa
                


                22,104
            



                90
            


                    Santa Cruz
                


                21,987
            



                91
            


                    Burlingame
                


                21,744
            



                92
            


                    San Ramon
                


                21,744
            



                93
            


                    Walnut
                


                21,646
            



                94
            


                    Tarzana
                


                21,532
            



                95
            


                    Valencia
                


                21,496
            



                96
            


                    San Gabriel
                


                21,443
            



                97
            


                    Los Gatos
                


                21,370
            



                98
            


                    Upland
                


                21,308
            



                99
            


                    Salinas
                


                21,077
            



                100
            


                    Downey
                


                20,976
            



                101
            


                    Elk Grove
                


                20,812
            



                102
            


                    San Marcos
                


                20,479
            



                103
            


                    Manhattan Beach
                


                20,454
            



                104
            


                    Rowland Heights
                


                20,228
            



                105
            


                    Lancaster
                


                20,170
            



                106
            


                    Camarillo
                


                20,076
            



                107
            


                    Chatsworth
                


                20,045
            



                108
            


                    Laguna Hills
                


                19,889
            



                109
            


                    West Covina
                


                19,518
            



                110
            


                    Westminster
                


                19,387
            



                111
            


                    Lake Forest
                


                19,230
            



                112
            


                    Pomona
                


                19,226
            



                113
            


                    Cupertino
                


                19,151
            



                114
            


                    Visalia
                


                19,151
            



                115
            


                    Palm Springs
                


                19,127
            



                116
            


                    Chino
                


                19,120
            



                117
            


                    La Mesa
                


                19,111
            



                118
            


                    Danville
                


                19,049
            



                119
            


                    Canoga Park
                


                18,952
            



                120
            


                    Los Altos
                


                18,895
            



                121
            


                    Fountain Valley
                


                18,721
            



                122
            


                    Cerritos
                


                18,507
            



                123
            


                    Yorba Linda
                


                18,303
            



                124
            


                    Chico
                


                18,269
            



                125
            


                    Campbell
                


                18,188
            



                126
            


                    San Leandro
                


                18,103
            



                127
            


                    San Luis Obispo
                


                17,902
            



                128
            


                    El Monte
                


                17,776
            



                129
            


                    Diamond Bar
                


                17,721
            



                130
            


                    Palmdale
                


                17,572
            



                131
            


                    Laguna Beach
                


                17,372
            



                132
            


                    Brea
                


                16,964
            



                133
            


                    Moreno Valley
                


                16,908
            



                134
            


                    Venice
                


                16,878
            



                135
            


                    Milpitas
                


                16,869
            



                136
            


                    El Segundo
                


                16,820
            



                137
            


                    Carson
                


                16,609
            



                138
            


                    Aliso Viejo
                


                16,433
            



                139
            


                    Buena Park
                


                16,365
            



                140
            


                    Agoura Hills
                


                16,341
            



                141
            


                    Novato
                


                16,215
            



                142
            


                    Covina
                


                16,187
            



                143
            


                    Clovis
                


                16,129
            



                144
            


                    Livermore
                


                16,098
            



                145
            


                    Petaluma
                


                16,043
            



                146
            


                    Redlands
                


                16,040
            



                147
            


                    Folsom
                


                15,585
            



                148
            


                    Santa Maria
                


                15,556
            



                149
            


                    South San Francisco
                


                15,154
            



                150
            


                    Alameda
                


                15,108
            



                151
            


                    Malibu
                


                15,091
            



                152
            


                    Santa Fe Springs
                


                15,041
            



                153
            


                    Rancho Cordova
                


                15,000
            



                154
            


                    Citrus Heights
                


                14,830
            



                155
            


                    Chino Hills
                


                14,781
            



                156
            


                    Compton
                


                14,605
            



                157
            


                    Mill Valley
                


                14,602
            



                158
            


                    Hacienda Heights
                


                14,555
            



                159
            


                    Fairfield
                


                14,554
            



                160
            


                    San Juan Capistrano
                


                14,549
            



                161
            


                    Victorville
                


                14,464
            



                162
            


                    Vallejo
                


                14,397
            



                163
            


                    La Puente
                


                14,385
            



                164
            


                    Santa Clarita
                


                14,035
            



                165
            


                    Rosemead
                


                13,979
            



                166
            


                    Poway
                


                13,905
            



                167
            


                    Monterey
                


                13,725
            



                168
            


                    Pacific Palisades
                


                13,441
            



                169
            


                    Granada Hills
                


                13,276
            



                170
            


                    South El Monte
                


                13,167
            



                171
            


                    San Pedro
                


                13,145
            



                172
            


                    Hawthorne
                


                12,967
            



                173
            


                    Rocklin
                


                12,960
            



                174
            


                    Tracy
                


                12,667
            



                175
            


                    Reseda
                


                12,635
            



                176
            


                    Auburn
                


                12,633
            



                177
            


                    Hemet
                


                12,430
            



                178
            


                    Dana Point
                


                12,358
            



                179
            


                    La Habra
                


                12,202
            



                180
            


                    Vacaville
                


                12,186
            



                181
            


                    Richmond
                


                12,161
            



                182
            


                    Lafayette
                


                12,083
            



                183
            


                    Saratoga
                


                11,971
            



                184
            


                    Daly City
                


                11,801
            



                185
            


                    Del Mar
                


                11,698
            



                186
            


                    Glendora
                


                11,657
            



                187
            


                    Antioch
                


                11,640
            



                188
            


                    Solana Beach
                


                11,488
            



                189
            


                    San Carlos
                


                11,448
            



                190
            


                    Yuba City
                


                11,371
            



                191
            


                    City of Industry
                


                11,265
            



                192
            


                    Lodi
                


                11,253
            



                193
            


                    Rancho Palos Verdes
                


                11,217
            



                194
            


                    Carmichael
                


                11,207
            



                195
            


                    Placentia
                


                11,183
            



                196
            


                    Palos Verdes Peninsula
                


                11,089
            



                197
            


                    Dublin
                


                11,072
            



                198
            


                    Lakewood
                


                11,011
            



                199
            


                    Norwalk
                


                11,009
            



                200
            


                    Hesperia
                


                10,975
            



                201
            


                    Fallbrook
                


                10,864
            



                202
            


                    San Dimas
                


                10,716
            



                203
            


                    Bellflower
                


                10,697
            



                204
            


                    Cypress
                


                10,635
            



                205
            


                    Morgan Hill
                


                10,621
            



                206
            


                    Fair Oaks
                


                10,559
            



                207
            


                    Monrovia
                


                10,545
            



                208
            


                    Montebello
                


                10,527
            



                209
            


                    Grass Valley
                


                10,502
            



                210
            


                    Sylmar
                


                10,495
            



                211
            


                    El Dorado Hills
                


                10,428
            



                212
            


                    Davis
                


                10,405
            



                213
            


                    Rancho Santa Margarita
                


                10,366
            



                214
            


                    Newbury Park
                


                10,343
            



                215
            


                    Sun Valley
                


                10,266
            



                216
            


                    Valley Village
                


                10,265
            



                217
            


                    La Mirada
                


                10,241
            



                218
            


                    Paso Robles
                


                10,221
            



                219
            


                    Apple Valley
                


                10,173
            



                220
            


                    Indio
                


                10,157
            



                221
            


                    Canyon Country
                


                10,155
            



                222
            


                    Hermosa Beach
                


                10,115
            



                223
            


                    Union City
                


                10,110
            



                224
            


                    Baldwin Park
                


                10,047
            



                225
            


                    Emeryville
                


                9,905
            



                226
            


                    South Pasadena
                


                9,820
            



                227
            


                    Sausalito
                


                9,766
            



                228
            


                    Temple City
                


                9,659
            



                229
            


                    Lake Elsinore
                


                9,527
            



                230
            


                    Castro Valley
                


                9,440
            



                231
            


                    Rancho Santa Fe
                


                9,412
            



                232
            


                    Turlock
                


                9,336
            



                233
            


                    Sonoma
                


                9,281
            



                234
            


                    Los Alamitos
                


                9,146
            



                235
            


                    Merced
                


                9,030
            



                236
            


                    La Quinta
                


                9,024
            



                237
            


                    Watsonville
                


                9,014
            



                238
            


                    Claremont
                


                8,997
            



                239
            


                    West Hills
                


                8,995
            



                240
            


                    Gilroy
                


                8,993
            



                241
            


                    Corona Del Mar
                


                8,913
            



                242
            


                    Santee
                


                8,887
            



                243
            


                    Rialto
                


                8,828
            



                244
            


                    Pleasant Hill
                


                8,778
            



                245
            


                    Brentwood
                


                8,665
            



                246
            


                    National City
                


                8,538
            



                247
            


                    Spring Valley
                


                8,508
            



                248
            


                    San Marino
                


                8,450
            



                249
            


                    Granite Bay
                


                8,415
            



                250
            


                    Rancho Mirage
                


                8,310
            



                251
            


                    Martinez
                


                8,290
            



                252
            


                    Madera
                


                8,243
            



                253
            


                    Paramount
                


                8,214
            



                254
            


                    Sebastopol
                


                8,185
            



                255
            


                    Belmont
                


                8,169
            



                256
            


                    South Gate
                


                8,116
            



                257
            


                    Manteca
                


                8,112
            



                258
            


                    Newark
                


                8,087
            



                259
            


                    Perris
                


                8,064
            



                260
            


                    La Crescenta
                


                7,984
            



                261
            


                    Eureka
                


                7,941
            



                262
            


                    West Sacramento
                


                7,854
            



                263
            


                    San Bruno
                


                7,788
            



                264
            


                    Woodland
                


                7,730
            



                265
            


                    Seal Beach
                


                7,695
            



                266
            


                    Goleta
                


                7,561
            



                267
            


                    Altadena
                


                7,522
            



                268
            


                    Placerville
                


                7,494
            



                269
            


                    Cathedral City
                


                7,479
            



                270
            


                    Moorpark
                


                7,420
            



                271
            


                    Huntington Park
                


                7,374
            



                272
            


                    Newhall
                


                7,302
            



                273
            


                    Coronado
                


                7,293
            



                274
            


                    North Hills
                


                7,148
            



                275
            


                    Orinda
                


                7,118
            



                276
            


                    Ramona
                


                6,989
            



                277
            


                    Aptos
                


                6,986
            



                278
            


                    Porter Ranch
                


                6,968
            



                279
            


                    Trabuco Canyon
                


                6,830
            



                280
            


                    La Verne
                


                6,796
            



                281
            


                    Panorama City
                


                6,776
            



                282
            


                    Pittsburg
                


                6,760
            



                283
            


                    Arroyo Grande
                


                6,748
            



                284
            


                    Yucaipa
                


                6,735
            



                285
            


                    Colton
                


                6,683
            



                286
            


                    Azusa
                


                6,624
            



                287
            


                    Carmel
                


                6,588
            



                288
            


                    Pico Rivera
                


                6,586
            



                289
            


                    Lincoln
                


                6,556
            



                290
            


                    Pacoima
                


                6,513
            



                291
            


                    Truckee
                


                6,483
            



                292
            


                    Benicia
                


                6,453
            



                293
            


                    South Lake Tahoe
                


                6,422
            



                294
            


                    Hanford
                


                6,380
            



                295
            


                    Atascadero
                


                6,336
            



                296
            


                    Lakeside
                


                6,291
            



                297
            


                    Norco
                


                6,221
            



                298
            


                    Montclair
                


                6,217
            



                299
            


                    Winnetka
                


                6,206
            



                300
            


                    Alamo
                


                6,202
            


















You must be signed in to print.
Once signed in, look for the PDF button.





















California Business Directory - Companies and People Search









































California Business Directory













Advertisements








Company profiles trending over the last 7 days



















Silverback 5150 Pictures, LLC

                                                
                                                    Beverly Hills, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Allen Hughes










Entit Software LLC

                                                
                                                    Sunnyvale, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Jeremy K. Cox
Christopher Hsu
Remi Thomas










DAR Waterfront & Associates, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Sherman Oaks, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Daniel A. Rivero










Sturmer Pippin Investments, LLC

                                                
                                                    Redding, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
H36 Sturmer Pippin Holding Company, LLC










Honey and Lace, LLC

                                                
                                                    Beaumont, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Richard Gail Ingram
Dianne Ingram










Big Bay City, LLC

                                                
                                                    Beverly Hills, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Kaley Cuoco Living Trust










Unification Technology, LLC

                                                
                                                    Fremont, CA
                                                
                                        










Dura Logistics, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Chino, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Eric James Price
Varoujean Salatian










Mpower Networks Services, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Los Angeles, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Richard Jalkut










H&S Energy, LLC

                                                
                                                    Orange, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Hassan & Sons, Inc.










The Ululu Company

                                                
                                                    Los Angeles, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Matt Groening










Duke Partners II, LLC

                                                
                                                    Redondo Beach, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Wedgewood LLC
Gregory L. Geiser
David R. Wehrly










Mirando Productions, LLC

                                                
                                                    Los Gatos, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Netflix Studios, Inc.
Netflix Studios, LLC










Afinarte Music, LLC

                                                
                                                    Ontario, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Jorge Gaxiola
Luis M. Magallon










Raterlabs, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Pleasanton, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Daren Russell Jackson
Monique Jackson










Modgene Pharma LLC

                                                
                                                    Cardiff, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
J. Gregor Sutcliffe
Brian Hilbush










Defcon-1 of Temecula, Lp

                                                
                                                    Temecula, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Jacob Goodell
Alan McEwan










Breckenridge Property Fund 2016, LLC

                                                
                                                    Redondo Beach, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
David R. Wehrly
Gregory L. Geiser
Wedgewood LLC










Salomon Investment Partners, LLC

                                                
                                                    Los Angeles, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Alejandro Salomon










Sisyphus Touring, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Los Angeles, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Jared Leto










Off Price Apparel, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Santa Monica, CA
                                                
                                        










Sonder Restaurant Bakersfield, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Bakersfield, CA
                                                
                                        










Atz Ventures Corp.

                                                
                                                    City of Industry, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Jason Ho










Clear Recon Corp

                                                
                                                    San Diego, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Steven W. Pite
David S. Dallal
Arianna L. Black










Adventures In Wonderland, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Los Angeles, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Jared Leto










Necronomicom, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Los Angeles, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Jared Leto










Dli Properties LLC

                                                
                                                    Agoura Hills, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Strategic Acquisitions










Gep Talent Services, LLC

                                                
                                                    Burbank, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Gep Atl LLC










Bolt Biotherapeutics, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Pleasanton, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Peter Moldt










Central Coast Chronic Inc.

                                                
                                                    Santa Maria, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Matthew Simas










Rasier, LLC

                                                
                                                    San Francisco, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Karen Walker
Gautam Gupta
Axel Martinez










Kai Os Technologies Inc.

                                                
                                                    Irvine, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Daisy Tuen Yi Chan










Treyball Development, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Los Angeles, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Harry Smith










Kianor Shah DMD, PC

                                                
                                                    Irvine, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Kianor Shahmohammadi










Mr Big Shot Fancy Pants Productions

                                                
                                                    Glendale, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Timothy Doyle










Dome Garage, LLC

                                                
                                                    Los Angeles, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Nationwide Theatres Corp.










Not Too Big to Fall Association, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Sunnyvale, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Nigel Johnson










Tiger Financial Holdings LLC

                                                
                                                    Los Angeles, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Aysen Ozkan
Brian Ozkan Trust 2/12/
Brian Ozkan Trust Dated 2 12 07










Psiquantum, Corp.

                                                
                                                    Palo Alto, CA
                                                
                                        










Arirang Mongolian Buffet LLC

                                                
                                                    Clovis, CA
                                                
                                        










Hungry Jackal Productions, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Burbank, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Dustin Lance Black










Moorish Dignity Productions, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Los Angeles, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Monica Owusu-Breen










Xcl Titling Trust

                                                
                                                    San Francisco, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Wilmington Trust National Association
Xchange Leasing, LLC










Imperishable Crown LLC

                                                
                                                    Fresno, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Gianeh Arakelyan
Matthew Allen Garabedian










Progenitech, LLC

                                                
                                                    Azusa, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Renee Ying
Jeffrey Ying
Renee Chen










Too Many Uncles, LLC

                                                
                                                    Burbank, CA
                                                
                                        










F&L Galaxy Inc.

                                                
                                                    Walnut, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Lei Pei










Fashion Nova, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Panorama City, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Richard Saghian










Three Sons & A Dog, Inc.

                                                
                                                    Granada Hills, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
Fordall Cole
Ford V. Cole










Colourpop Cosmetics, LLC

                                                
                                                    Ventura, CA
                                                
                                        

                                                People
                                                
John Nelson
Laura Nelson



















Recently found companies





Company
City




Lightning Credit Solutions LLC
22 days ago


Los Angeles




Brainesis Inc
22 days ago


San Gabriel




Field/Paoli Architects, Inc.
22 days ago


San Francisco




Asm Equities, Inc.
22 days ago


Los Angeles




I’'ll Just Open A Shop Inc
22 days ago


Alhambra




Adamas Pharma, LLC
22 days ago


Emeryville




Ring Protect Inc.
22 days ago


Santa Monica




Coresystems USA Inc.
23 days ago


San Francisco




Reason 4 Sports LLC
23 days ago


Encino




Pevii Plano Block A, LLC
23 days ago


Los Angeles




Vicura Dfw, LLC
23 days ago


Corona del Mar




Windsor 5250 Spe, LLC
23 days ago


Newport Beach




Cwsfg 17 Galleria 5250, LLC
23 days ago


Newport Beach




Teledyne E2V, Inc.
23 days ago


Milpitas




Cws Galleria 5250, L.P.
23 days ago


Newport Beach




Regents 5250 Spe, LLC
23 days ago


Newport Beach




Msl Sacto, LLC
23 days ago


Costa Mesa




Smith Legacy, LLC
23 days ago


Encino




Wip - Arbor Vista 2, LLC
23 days ago


San Francisco




Hill Country Elephant Preserve
23 days ago


Perris




Gokairav Tx LLC
23 days ago


Tustin




Eternity Bay Group LLC
24 days ago


Danville




2020 Beast Holdings, LLC
24 days ago


City of Industry




Miami Color Creations LLC
24 days ago


Encino




Beakerbox, LLC
24 days ago


Los Angeles




Moonlights LLC
24 days ago


Reseda




Squire Financial Services LLC
24 days ago


La Quinta




Pelican Ranch LLC
24 days ago


Valley Village




Metalk and His Friends Technology, LLC
24 days ago


San Jose




Tech Financial, LLC
24 days ago


Beverly Hills




Unvig, LLC
24 days ago


Los Angeles




Carlmont Hills, LLC
24 days ago


Los Altos Hills




A Better Community LLC
24 days ago


Bakersfield




Golestan Properties, LLC
24 days ago


Los Gatos




Financial Reporting Specialists LLC
24 days ago


Glendale




J & R Restaurants, LLC
24 days ago


Bassett




Alt Services LLC
24 days ago


Pioneer




Nabuk Services, LLC
24 days ago


Bakersfield




Los Angeles Basketball Academy LLC
24 days ago


Los Angeles




Golden Fabricates LLC.
24 days ago


Turlock




Memo's Tires & Auto Repair, LLC
24 days ago


Kerman




Hello June Films LLC
24 days ago


North Hollywood




O'Dell Farms, LLC
24 days ago


Cardiff




Plebs and Largess LLC
24 days ago


Pacific Palisades




Dillon J Shook, LLC
24 days ago


Encino




Terra Luna Farms, LLC
24 days ago


Rohnert Park




Atlas Behavior Services LLC
24 days ago


Sherman Oaks




So On Music LLC
24 days ago


Los Angeles




Citygirlgonemom, LLC
24 days ago


Carlsbad




Cape Nano Products LLC
24 days ago


San Diego









Top cities in California





Rank
City
Companies Found




                1
            


                    Los Angeles
                


                799,067
            



                2
            


                    San Diego
                


                349,382
            



                3
            


                    San Francisco
                


                318,066
            



                4
            


                    San Jose
                


                179,352
            



                5
            


                    Sacramento
                


                146,372
            



                6
            


                    Irvine
                


                137,614
            



                7
            


                    Beverly Hills
                


                115,428
            



                8
            


                    Newport Beach
                


                93,146
            



                9
            


                    Santa Monica
                


                89,771
            



                10
            


                    Oakland
                


                89,047
            



                11
            


                    Long Beach
                


                88,013
            



                12
            


                    Fresno
                


                80,971
            



                13
            


                    Santa Ana
                


                76,441
            



                14
            


                    Anaheim
                


                75,623
            



                15
            


                    Glendale
                


                73,389
            



                16
            


                    Bakersfield
                


                67,524
            



                17
            


                    Pasadena
                


                64,698
            



                18
            


                    Riverside
                


                63,638
            



                19
            


                    Torrance
                


                59,867
            



                20
            


                    Huntington Beach
                


                58,605
            



                21
            


                    Encino
                


                53,896
            



                22
            


                    Woodland Hills
                


                53,517
            



                23
            


                    Santa Barbara
                


                51,953
            



                24
            


                    Costa Mesa
                


                51,518
            



                25
            


                    Orange
                


                50,335
            



                26
            


                    Sherman Oaks
                


                50,045
            



                27
            


                    Burbank
                


                48,406
            



                28
            


                    Palo Alto
                


                48,091
            



                29
            


                    Fremont
                


                48,000
            



                30
            


                    Carlsbad
                


                47,048
            



                31
            


                    Van Nuys
                


                46,072
            



                32
            


                    Corona
                


                42,617
            



                33
            


                    Santa Rosa
                


                42,557
            



                34
            


                    North Hollywood
                


                41,253
            



                35
            


                    San Mateo
                


                41,067
            



                36
            


                    Stockton
                


                39,492
            



                37
            


                    Santa Clara
                


                38,274
            



                38
            


                    Rancho Cucamonga
                


                36,698
            



                39
            


                    Walnut Creek
                


                35,790
            



                40
            


                    Chula Vista
                


                34,464
            



                41
            


                    La Jolla
                


                34,000
            



                42
            


                    Sunnyvale
                


                33,792
            



                43
            


                    Fullerton
                


                33,733
            



                44
            


                    Escondido
                


                33,649
            



                45
            


                    Garden Grove
                


                33,250
            



                46
            


                    Modesto
                


                33,096
            



                47
            


                    Berkeley
                


                32,758
            



                48
            


                    West Hollywood
                


                32,385
            



                49
            


                    Temecula
                


                32,003
            



                50
            


                    Tustin
                


                31,029
            



                51
            


                    Roseville
                


                30,902
            



                52
            


                    Ontario
                


                30,551
            



                53
            


                    El Cajon
                


                30,360
            



                54
            


                    Redwood City
                


                29,912
            



                55
            


                    Hayward
                


                29,823
            



                56
            


                    Arcadia
                


                29,379
            



                57
            


                    Thousand Oaks
                


                29,135
            



                58
            


                    Oceanside
                


                29,089
            



                59
            


                    Ventura
                


                29,076
            



                60
            


                    Alhambra
                


                29,007
            



                61
            


                    San Rafael
                


                28,826
            



                62
            


                    Mission Viejo
                


                28,037
            



                63
            


                    San Bernardino
                


                27,266
            



                64
            


                    Culver City
                


                26,766
            



                65
            


                    Redondo Beach
                


                26,495
            



                66
            


                    Gardena
                


                26,194
            



                67
            


                    Mountain View
                


                26,120
            



                68
            


                    Simi Valley
                


                25,653
            



                69
            


                    Calabasas
                


                25,004
            



                70
            


                    Whittier
                


                24,942
            



                71
            


                    Concord
                


                24,930
            



                72
            


                    Pleasanton
                


                24,750
            



                73
            


                    San Clemente
                


                24,265
            



                74
            


                    Encinitas
                


                24,215
            



                75
            


                    Menlo Park
                


                24,054
            



                76
            


                    Murrieta
                


                23,875
            



                77
            


                    Northridge
                


                23,777
            



                78
            


                    Oxnard
                


                23,294
            



                79
            


                    Inglewood
                


                23,085
            



                80
            


                    Westlake Village
                


                23,012
            



                81
            


                    Laguna Niguel
                


                22,753
            



                82
            


                    Redding
                


                22,679
            



                83
            


                    Fontana
                


                22,678
            



                84
            


                    Vista
                


                22,678
            



                85
            


                    Monterey Park
                


                22,674
            



                86
            


                    Studio City
                


                22,417
            



                87
            


                    Marina Del Rey
                


                22,316
            



                88
            


                    Palm Desert
                


                22,140
            



                89
            


                    Napa
                


                22,104
            



                90
            


                    Santa Cruz
                


                21,987
            



                91
            


                    Burlingame
                


                21,744
            



                92
            


                    San Ramon
                


                21,744
            



                93
            


                    Walnut
                


                21,646
            



                94
            


                    Tarzana
                


                21,532
            



                95
            


                    Valencia
                


                21,496
            



                96
            


                    San Gabriel
                


                21,443
            



                97
            


                    Los Gatos
                


                21,370
            



                98
            


                    Upland
                


                21,308
            



                99
            


                    Salinas
                


                21,077
            



                100
            


                    Downey
                


                20,976
            



                101
            


                    Elk Grove
                


                20,812
            



                102
            


                    San Marcos
                


                20,479
            



                103
            


                    Manhattan Beach
                


                20,454
            



                104
            


                    Rowland Heights
                


                20,228
            



                105
            


                    Lancaster
                


                20,170
            



                106
            


                    Camarillo
                


                20,076
            



                107
            


                    Chatsworth
                


                20,045
            



                108
            


                    Laguna Hills
                


                19,889
            



                109
            


                    West Covina
                


                19,518
            



                110
            


                    Westminster
                


                19,387
            



                111
            


                    Lake Forest
                


                19,230
            



                112
            


                    Pomona
                


                19,226
            



                113
            


                    Cupertino
                


                19,151
            



                114
            


                    Visalia
                


                19,151
            



                115
            


                    Palm Springs
                


                19,127
            



                116
            


                    Chino
                


                19,120
            



                117
            


                    La Mesa
                


                19,111
            



                118
            


                    Danville
                


                19,049
            



                119
            


                    Canoga Park
                


                18,952
            



                120
            


                    Los Altos
                


                18,895
            



                121
            


                    Fountain Valley
                


                18,721
            



                122
            


                    Cerritos
                


                18,507
            



                123
            


                    Yorba Linda
                


                18,303
            



                124
            


                    Chico
                


                18,269
            



                125
            


                    Campbell
                


                18,188
            



                126
            


                    San Leandro
                


                18,103
            



                127
            


                    San Luis Obispo
                


                17,902
            



                128
            


                    El Monte
                


                17,776
            



                129
            


                    Diamond Bar
                


                17,721
            



                130
            


                    Palmdale
                


                17,572
            



                131
            


                    Laguna Beach
                


                17,372
            



                132
            


                    Brea
                


                16,964
            



                133
            


                    Moreno Valley
                


                16,908
            



                134
            


                    Venice
                


                16,878
            



                135
            


                    Milpitas
                


                16,869
            



                136
            


                    El Segundo
                


                16,820
            



                137
            


                    Carson
                


                16,609
            



                138
            


                    Aliso Viejo
                


                16,433
            



                139
            


                    Buena Park
                


                16,365
            



                140
            


                    Agoura Hills
                


                16,341
            



                141
            


                    Novato
                


                16,215
            



                142
            


                    Covina
                


                16,187
            



                143
            


                    Clovis
                


                16,129
            



                144
            


                    Livermore
                


                16,098
            



                145
            


                    Petaluma
                


                16,043
            



                146
            


                    Redlands
                


                16,040
            



                147
            


                    Folsom
                


                15,585
            



                148
            


                    Santa Maria
                


                15,556
            



                149
            


                    South San Francisco
                


                15,154
            



                150
            


                    Alameda
                


                15,108
            



                151
            


                    Malibu
                


                15,091
            



                152
            


                    Santa Fe Springs
                


                15,041
            



                153
            


                    Rancho Cordova
                


                15,000
            



                154
            


                    Citrus Heights
                


                14,830
            



                155
            


                    Chino Hills
                


                14,781
            



                156
            


                    Compton
                


                14,605
            



                157
            


                    Mill Valley
                


                14,602
            



                158
            


                    Hacienda Heights
                


                14,555
            



                159
            


                    Fairfield
                


                14,554
            



                160
            


                    San Juan Capistrano
                


                14,549
            



                161
            


                    Victorville
                


                14,464
            



                162
            


                    Vallejo
                


                14,397
            



                163
            


                    La Puente
                


                14,385
            



                164
            


                    Santa Clarita
                


                14,035
            



                165
            


                    Rosemead
                


                13,979
            



                166
            


                    Poway
                


                13,905
            



                167
            


                    Monterey
                


                13,725
            



                168
            


                    Pacific Palisades
                


                13,441
            



                169
            


                    Granada Hills
                


                13,276
            



                170
            


                    South El Monte
                


                13,167
            



                171
            


                    San Pedro
                


                13,145
            



                172
            


                    Hawthorne
                


                12,967
            



                173
            


                    Rocklin
                


                12,960
            



                174
            


                    Tracy
                


                12,667
            



                175
            


                    Reseda
                


                12,635
            



                176
            


                    Auburn
                


                12,633
            



                177
            


                    Hemet
                


                12,430
            



                178
            


                    Dana Point
                


                12,358
            



                179
            


                    La Habra
                


                12,202
            



                180
            


                    Vacaville
                


                12,186
            



                181
            


                    Richmond
                


                12,161
            



                182
            


                    Lafayette
                


                12,083
            



                183
            


                    Saratoga
                


                11,971
            



                184
            


                    Daly City
                


                11,801
            



                185
            


                    Del Mar
                


                11,698
            



                186
            


                    Glendora
                


                11,657
            



                187
            


                    Antioch
                


                11,640
            



                188
            


                    Solana Beach
                


                11,488
            



                189
            


                    San Carlos
                


                11,448
            



                190
            


                    Yuba City
                


                11,371
            



                191
            


                    City of Industry
                


                11,265
            



                192
            


                    Lodi
                


                11,253
            



                193
            


                    Rancho Palos Verdes
                


                11,217
            



                194
            


                    Carmichael
                


                11,207
            



                195
            


                    Placentia
                


                11,183
            



                196
            


                    Palos Verdes Peninsula
                


                11,089
            



                197
            


                    Dublin
                


                11,072
            



                198
            


                    Lakewood
                


                11,011
            



                199
            


                    Norwalk
                


                11,009
            



                200
            


                    Hesperia
                


                10,975
            



                201
            


                    Fallbrook
                


                10,864
            



                202
            


                    San Dimas
                


                10,716
            



                203
            


                    Bellflower
                


                10,697
            



                204
            


                    Cypress
                


                10,635
            



                205
            


                    Morgan Hill
                


                10,621
            



                206
            


                    Fair Oaks
                


                10,559
            



                207
            


                    Monrovia
                


                10,545
            



                208
            


                    Montebello
                


                10,527
            



                209
            


                    Grass Valley
                


                10,502
            



                210
            


                    Sylmar
                


                10,495
            



                211
            


                    El Dorado Hills
                


                10,428
            



                212
            


                    Davis
                


                10,405
            



                213
            


                    Rancho Santa Margarita
                


                10,366
            



                214
            


                    Newbury Park
                


                10,343
            



                215
            


                    Sun Valley
                


                10,266
            



                216
            


                    Valley Village
                


                10,265
            



                217
            


                    La Mirada
                


                10,241
            



                218
            


                    Paso Robles
                


                10,221
            



                219
            


                    Apple Valley
                


                10,173
            



                220
            


                    Indio
                


                10,157
            



                221
            


                    Canyon Country
                


                10,155
            



                222
            


                    Hermosa Beach
                


                10,115
            



                223
            


                    Union City
                


                10,110
            



                224
            


                    Baldwin Park
                


                10,047
            



                225
            


                    Emeryville
                


                9,905
            



                226
            


                    South Pasadena
                


                9,820
            



                227
            


                    Sausalito
                


                9,766
            



                228
            


                    Temple City
                


                9,659
            



                229
            


                    Lake Elsinore
                


                9,527
            



                230
            


                    Castro Valley
                


                9,440
            



                231
            


                    Rancho Santa Fe
                


                9,412
            



                232
            


                    Turlock
                


                9,336
            



                233
            


                    Sonoma
                


                9,281
            



                234
            


                    Los Alamitos
                


                9,146
            



                235
            


                    Merced
                


                9,030
            



                236
            


                    La Quinta
                


                9,024
            



                237
            


                    Watsonville
                


                9,014
            



                238
            


                    Claremont
                


                8,997
            



                239
            


                    West Hills
                


                8,995
            



                240
            


                    Gilroy
                


                8,993
            



                241
            


                    Corona Del Mar
                


                8,913
            



                242
            


                    Santee
                


                8,887
            



                243
            


                    Rialto
                


                8,828
            



                244
            


                    Pleasant Hill
                


                8,778
            



                245
            


                    Brentwood
                


                8,665
            



                246
            


                    National City
                


                8,538
            



                247
            


                    Spring Valley
                


                8,508
            



                248
            


                    San Marino
                


                8,450
            



                249
            


                    Granite Bay
                


                8,415
            



                250
            


                    Rancho Mirage
                


                8,310
            



                251
            


                    Martinez
                


                8,290
            



                252
            


                    Madera
                


                8,243
            



                253
            


                    Paramount
                


                8,214
            



                254
            


                    Sebastopol
                


                8,185
            



                255
            


                    Belmont
                


                8,169
            



                256
            


                    South Gate
                


                8,116
            



                257
            


                    Manteca
                


                8,112
            



                258
            


                    Newark
                


                8,087
            



                259
            


                    Perris
                


                8,064
            



                260
            


                    La Crescenta
                


                7,984
            



                261
            


                    Eureka
                


                7,941
            



                262
            


                    West Sacramento
                


                7,854
            



                263
            


                    San Bruno
                


                7,788
            



                264
            


                    Woodland
                


                7,730
            



                265
            


                    Seal Beach
                


                7,695
            



                266
            


                    Goleta
                


                7,561
            



                267
            


                    Altadena
                


                7,522
            



                268
            


                    Placerville
                


                7,494
            



                269
            


                    Cathedral City
                


                7,479
            



                270
            


                    Moorpark
                


                7,420
            



                271
            


                    Huntington Park
                


                7,374
            



                272
            


                    Newhall
                


                7,302
            



                273
            


                    Coronado
                


                7,293
            



                274
            


                    North Hills
                


                7,148
            



                275
            


                    Orinda
                


                7,118
            



                276
            


                    Ramona
                


                6,989
            



                277
            


                    Aptos
                


                6,986
            



                278
            


                    Porter Ranch
                


                6,968
            



                279
            


                    Trabuco Canyon
                


                6,830
            



                280
            


                    La Verne
                


                6,796
            



                281
            


                    Panorama City
                


                6,776
            



                282
            


                    Pittsburg
                


                6,760
            



                283
            


                    Arroyo Grande
                


                6,748
            



                284
            


                    Yucaipa
                


                6,735
            



                285
            


                    Colton
                


                6,683
            



                286
            


                    Azusa
                


                6,624
            



                287
            


                    Carmel
                


                6,588
            



                288
            


                    Pico Rivera
                


                6,586
            



                289
            


                    Lincoln
                


                6,556
            



                290
            


                    Pacoima
                


                6,513
            



                291
            


                    Truckee
                


                6,483
            



                292
            


                    Benicia
                


                6,453
            



                293
            


                    South Lake Tahoe
                


                6,422
            



                294
            


                    Hanford
                


                6,380
            



                295
            


                    Atascadero
                


                6,336
            



                296
            


                    Lakeside
                


                6,291
            



                297
            


                    Norco
                


                6,221
            



                298
            


                    Montclair
                


                6,217
            



                299
            


                    Winnetka
                


                6,206
            



                300
            


                    Alamo
                


                6,202
            


















You must be signed in to print.
Once signed in, look for the PDF button.
















Contract and Agreement Category List











































Home
Search
Sign-In/Up
Contracts
Dictionary
Clauses
Companies
People

About
FAQ
Blog







Sample Contract Categories 

a

b

c

d

e

f

g

h

i

j

k

l

m

n

o

p

q

r

s

t

u

v

w

x

y

z


abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz


337k
		Delaware
	

277k
		New York
	

113k
		California
	

70k
		Texas
	

68k
		Agreement
	

62k
		Nevada
	

46k
		Florida
	

44k
		Maryland
	

40k
		Illinois
	

38k
		Employment Agreement
	

38k
		Washington
	

37k
		Amended And Restated
	

36k
		Massachusetts
	

34k
		New Jersey
	

33k
		Pennsylvania
	

28k
		Georgia
	

28k
		Colorado
	

26k
		Ohio
	

25k
		Minnesota
	

25k
		Virginia
	

21k
		North Carolina
	

20k
		Incentive Plan
	

19k
		Credit Agreement
	

19k
		Amendment
	

16k
		Connecticut
	

16k
		Michigan
	

15k
		Indiana
	

14k
		Registration Rights Agreement
	

14k
		Recitals
	

13k
		Tennessee
	

13k
		Arizona
	

13k
		Missouri
	

12k
		Purchase Agreement
	

12k
		Promissory Note
	

12k
		Indenture
	

11k
		Warrant
	

11k
		Louisiana
	

11k
		Kansas
	

11k
		Utah
	

11k
		Wisconsin
	

10k
		Oklahoma
	

9k
		Securities Purchase Agreement
	

9k
		Agreement And Plan Of Merger
	

8k
		Iowa
	

8k
		Supplemental Indenture
	

8k
		Note
	

8k
		Equity Incentive Plan
	

7k
		Kentucky
	

7k
		Stock Purchase Agreement
	

7k
		Alabama
	














×









      Have an account? Sign in here.

Law Insider
Recover your password







No account? Register Now!


No account? Register Now!
Sign in
by using one of this services











or







Forgot your password?


Have an account? Sign in here.
Join Law Insider
for Free
by using one of this services











or







By registering you agree to our
      terms of service.










Cyberspace Vita, Inc.














































Home
Search
Sign-In/Up
Contracts
Dictionary
Clauses
Companies
People

About
FAQ
Blog











Cyberspace Vita, Inc. Executives

 director 
Mr Geoffrey Alison
 director 
Henry C Casden






Related Companies

American Smooth Wave Ventures, Inc.
Artex Corp.
Avasoft, Inc.
Bill The Butcher
Crumbs Bake Shop
Cyberspace Vita, Inc.
DAVIDsTEA Inc.
Diedrich Coffee Inc
General Nutrition Centers, Inc.
Global Stevia Corp.
Gnc Corp
Gnc Holdings Inc.
Herb-Vita, Inc.
Holmes Herbs Inc
Java Detour



        More Related Companies
      





Home



Sample Contracts



By Company


Cyberspace Vita, Inc.




Cyberspace Vita, Inc.





      Loading...
    





Standard IndustryClassification
Retail-food storesAddress

122 Ocean Park Blvd., Santa Monica, CA 90405
Phone
310-396-1691





Executives

 director 
Mr Geoffrey Alison
 director 
Henry C Casden



Sample Contracts



Cyberspace Vita, Inc. –
Lease Agreement
(July 17th, 2017)
OLYMPIC PROPERTIES, INC. a corporation duly organized and validly existing under the Laws of the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, represented by its Auxiliar Secretary, MARIA A. ORTIZ MATOS, of legal age, single, executive and resident of Bayamon, Puerto Rico (hereinafter "Landlord");



Cyberspace Vita, Inc. –
Final Purchasing Agreement Between Puerto Rico Industrial Commercial Holdings
Biotech Corporation and Project 1493, Llc.
(July 17th, 2017)
This Final Purchasing Agreement (here on after the "Agreement") is made and entered into by and between Puerto Rico Industrial Holdings Biotech Corporation, as Party of the First Part, and Project 1493, LLC, as Party of the Second Part.



Cyberspace Vita, Inc. –
Final Purchasing Agreement Between Good Vibes Distributors, Llc and Project
1493, Llc.
(July 17th, 2017)
This Final Purchasing Agreement (here on after the "Agreement") is made and entered into by and between Good Vibes Distributors, LLC as Party of the First Part, and Project 1493, LLC, as Party of the Second Part.



Cyberspace Vita, Inc. –
Assignment of Lease
(July 17th, 2017)
THIS ASSIGNMENT OF LEASE ("ASSIGNMENT") is made by and between Puerto Rico Industrial Commercial Holdings Biotech Corp., a corporation duly formed pursuant to the laws and regulations of the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico ("ASSIGNOR"); Project 1493, LLC, a Limited Liability Corporation duly formed pursuant to the laws and regulations of the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico ("ASSIGNEE"), and Heras Properties Management & Investment Corp., a corporation duly formed pursuant to the laws and regulations of the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, owner of the property subject to this Assignment ("LANDLORD").



Cyberspace Vita, Inc. –
Assignment of Lease
(July 17th, 2017)
THIS ASSIGNMENT OF LEASE ("ASSIGNMENT") is made by and between Puerto Rico Industrial Commercial Holdings Biotech Corp., a corporation duly formed pursuant to the laws and regulations of the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico ("ASSIGNOR"); Project 1493, LLC, a Limited Liability Corporation duly formed pursuant to the laws and regulations of the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico ("ASSIGNEE"), and Efron Dorado, S.E., a Puerto Rico special partnership, owner of the property subject to this Assignment ('LANDLORD").



Cyberspace Vita, Inc. –
Cyberspace Vita, Inc.
(May 16th, 2017)
THE UNDERSIGNED, the Chief Executive Officer of CYBERSPACE VITA, INC., a Nevada corporation (the "Corporation") DOES HEREBY CERTIFY that the following resolutions were duly adopted by the Board of Directors of the Corporation by unanimous written consent on May 11, 2017;



Cyberspace Vita, Inc. –
Share Exchange Agreement
(May 16th, 2017)
This SHARE EXCHANGE AGREEMENT (this "Agreement"), dated as of May 11, 2017, is by and among Cyberspace Vita, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the "Parent"), Peter Zachariou (" Zachariou"), the majority shareholder of the Parent, Project 1493, LLC, a limited liability company organized under the laws of the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico (the "Company"), and the sole Member of the Company named in the signature page hereof (the "Member"). Each of the parties to this Agreement is individually referred to herein as a "Party" and collectively as the "Parties."



Cyberspace Vita, Inc. –
Form of Warrant
(May 16th, 2017)
THIS COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT (this "Warrant") certifies that, for value received, _____________ or its assigns (the "Holder") is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set forth, at any time on or after the Issuance Date hereof (the "Initial Exercise Date") and on or prior to the close of business on the third year anniversary of the Issuance Date (the "Termination Date") but not thereafter, to subscribe for and purchase from CYBERSPACE VITA, INC., a Nevada corporation (the "Company"), up to ______ shares (as subject to adjustment hereunder, the "Warrant Shares") of Common Stock. The purchase price of one share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise Price, as defined in Section 2(b).



Cyberspace Vita, Inc. –
Debt Exchange Agreement
(May 16th, 2017)
DEBT EXCHANGE AGREEMENT (the "Agreement") is made as of the 11th day of May, 2017 (the "Effective Date"), by and between Cyberspace Vita, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the "Company"), and Fountainhead Capital Management Limited (the "Fountainhead").



Cyberspace Vita, Inc. –
Subscription Agreement
(May 16th, 2017)
This Subscription Agreement (this "Agreement") is being delivered to the purchaser identified on the signature page to this Agreement (the "Subscriber") in connection with its investment in Cyberspace Vita, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the "Company"). The Company is conducting a private placement (the "Offering") of a minimum of One Million Dollars ($1,000,000) (the "Minimum Offering") and a maximum of Three Million Three Hundred Thousand Dollars ($3,300,000) (the "Maximum Offering") of the Company's securities consisting of (i) shares of the Company's common stock (the "Shares"), and (ii) warrants to purchase shares of common stock (the "Warrants"), at a purchase price of $0.39 per Share (the "Purchase Price"). Each Warrant shall be exercisable at any time on or after the date of issuance for a period of three (3) years at an exercise price per share equal to $0.50 per share, subject to adjustment as provided in the agreement evidencing the Warrants in the form attached hereto as Exhib



Cyberspace Vita, Inc. –
Stock Purchase Agreement
(May 5th, 2008)
STOCK       PURCHASE AGREEMENT, dated as of April 15, 2008 but effective as of the Closing       Date (defined herein) (this "Agreement"),       by       and among Cyberspace Vita, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the "Company"),       Henry       C. Casden (the "Seller")       and       the entities listed on Exhibit       A       (the "Purchaser").       The       Company, the Seller and the Purchaser are individually referred to herein as       a "Party" and       collectively, as the "Parties".



Cyberspace Vita, Inc. –
Contract
(April 11th, 2008)
EXHIBIT 32.2  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  In connection with the Form 10-QSB  of Cyberspace Vita, Inc. (the "Company") on Form 10-QSB for the period ended March  31,  2008  as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the "Report"),  I, Eleanor Yarbray, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to  18 U.S.C. section 1350,  as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley  Act  of  2002, that based on my knowledge:  1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and  2. The information  contained  in  the  Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.          DATED: April 11, 2008            BY: /s/ ELEANOR YARBRAY                                       -----------------------                                



Cyberspace Vita, Inc. –
Contract
(March 7th, 2008)
EXHIBIT 32.2  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  In connection with Form 10-KSB of Cyberspace Vita, Inc. (the "Company") for the year  ended  December  31,  2007  as filed with  the  Securities  and  Exchange Commission  on  the  date hereof (the  "Report"),  I,  Eleanor  Yarbray,  Chief Financial Officer of the  Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section  906  of  the  Sarbanes-Oxley  Act of 2002, that based on my knowledge:  1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and  2.  The  information contained in the Report fairly presents, in  all  material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.                                 DATE: March 7, 2008                            /S/ ELEANOR YARBRAY                          -------------------                     



Cyberspace Vita, Inc. –
Contract
(November 6th, 2007)
EXHIBIT 32.2  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  In connection  with the Form 10-QSB of Cyberspace Vita, Inc. (the "Company") on Form 10-QSB for  the  period  ended  September  30,  2007  as  filed  with  the Securities  and  Exchange  Commission  on  the  date  hereof (the "Report"), I, Eleanor Yarbray, Chief Financial Officer of the Company,  certify,  pursuant to 18  U.S.C.  section  1350,  as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes- Oxley Act of 2002, that based on my knowledge:  1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and  2. The information contained  in  the  Report  fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.                             DATE: October 30, 2007                            /S/ ELEANOR YARBRAY                          -----------------



Cyberspace Vita, Inc. –
Contract
(October 29th, 2007)
ACCEPTANCE OF APPOINTMENT AS OFFICER 		     ------------------------------------ I, HENRY C. CASDEN, having been appointed President of CYBERSPACE VITA, INC., a NEVADA corporation,  do  hereby accept said office, effective as of the time of my appointment on October 1, 2007.  DATED this 1st day of October, 2007                                                             /s/ Henry C. Casden 							   -------------------                                                            President



Cyberspace Vita, Inc. –
Contract
(August 6th, 2007)
EXHIBIT 32.2  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  In connection  with the Form 10-QSB of Cyberspace Vita, Inc. (the "Company") on Form 10-QSB for the period ended June 30, 2007 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission  on  the  date  hereof  (the "Report"), I, Eleanor Yarbray, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify,  pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350,  as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley  Act  of  2002, that based on my knowledge:  1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and  2. The information  contained  in  the  Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.          DATED: August 6, 2007	    BY: /s/ ELEANOR YARBRAY 					------------------- 					ELEANOR YARBRAY 					CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 					(PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTIN



Cyberspace Vita, Inc. –
Contract
(May 15th, 2007)
EXHIBIT 32.2  CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002  In connection with the Form 10-QSB of Cyberspace  Vita, Inc. (the "Company") on Form 10-QSB for the period ended March 31, 2007 as  filed  with  the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the "Report"), I, Eleanor  Yarbray, Chief  Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350, as  adopted  pursuant  to  Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that based on my knowledge:  1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and  2. The information contained in the  Report  fairly  presents,  in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.       			DATE: May 15, 2007   			/S/ ELEANOR YARBRAY 			----------------------------------------- 			ELEANOR YARBRAY 			CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER



Cyberspace Vita, Inc. –
Contract
(April 6th, 2007)
EXHIBIT 4 OPINION OF COUNSEL AND CONSENT  March 21, 2007  Board of Directors Cyberspace Vita, Inc. 74-090 El Paseo, Suite 205 Palm Desert, California 92260       Re: Cyberspace Vita  Gentlemen:  The undersigned  is counsel for Cyberspace Vita, Inc.  I have been requested to render an opinion  on the tradeability of the 100,000 shares of Cyberspace Vita proposed to be sold pursuant  the  Cyberspace  Vita's Registration Statement on Form  SB-2.   In  rendering  this  opinion, I have reviewed  Cyberspace  Vita's Registration on Form SB- 2, company  articles  of incorporation and by laws and other corporate documents.  All representations  made  to me in Cyberspace Vita documents and by company officers and directors are deemed  to be accurate.  It is my opinion that the shares to be issued will be free trading  shares.  It is further my opinion that:  1.  Cyberspace  Vita is a corporation duly organized, validly existing  and  in good  standing  and  is  qualified to do business in each j













×









      Have an account? Sign in here.

Law Insider
Recover your password







No account? Register Now!


No account? Register Now!
Sign in
by using one of this services











or







Forgot your password?


Have an account? Sign in here.
Join Law Insider
for Free
by using one of this services











or







By registering you agree to our
      terms of service.















Cyberspace Vita, Inc. - Company Profile

















































Home



                >
                

U.S.



              
                >
                

California



                
                >
                

Encino







 Cyberspace Vita, Inc.
                        

Active

                                
                                    Encino,
                                    CA
                                
                        












Follow



 Share
                        





 PDF
                        

 Excel
                        
























Cyberspace Vita, Inc. Overview
  Cyberspace Vita, Inc. filed as a Domestic Corporation in the State of Nevada on Tuesday, November 7, 2006 and is approximately eleven years old, according to public records filed with Nevada Secretary of State.   




Sponsored


             Learn More
        
        D&B Reports Available for

        Cyberspace Vita, Inc.
    




                        Network Visualizer
                    























Advertisements











 Excel
                    
Key People 
Who owns Cyberspace Vita, Inc.








Name







                            Alexander Diener
                        




                                        President
                                    

                                        Treasurer
                                    

                                        Director
                                    

                                        Secretary
                                    







                            Geoffrey Alison
                                
                                    2
                                





                                        President
                                    

                                        Treasurer
                                    

                                        Director
                                    

                                        Secretary
                                    





















 Excel
                    
Known Addresses for Cyberspace Vita, Inc.










5000 Noeline Ave
Encino, CA 91436




41 Ulua Pl
Haiku, HI 96708










Corporate Filings for Cyberspace Vita, Inc.








Nevada Secretary of State





                                    Filing Type:
                                

Domestic Corporation                                



                                    Status:
                                

Active




                                    State:
                                

                                    Nevada
                                



                                    State ID:
                                

                                    E0818492006-5
                                



                                    Date Filed:
                                

                                        Tuesday, November 7, 2006
                                    



                                        Registered Agent
                                    

                                        Incorp Services, Inc.
                                    








Corporate Notes









Source
Date
Type
Note








                                        11/7/2006
                                    

                                        Articles of Incorporation
                                    

                                        Initial Stock Value:     Par Value Shares: 100,000,000        Value:  $ 0.001     No Par Value Shares: 0     -----------------------------------------------------------------     Total Authorized Capital:  $ 100,000.00
                                    






                                        1/5/2007
                                    

                                        Initial List
                                    








                                        10/1/2007
                                    

                                        Annual List
                                    








                                        7/15/2008
                                    

                                        Amended & Restated Articles
                                    

                                        Previous Stock Value:     Par Value Shares: 100,000,000        Value:  $ 0.001     No Par Value Shares: 0     -----------------------------------------------------------------     Total Authorized Capital:  $ 100,000.00New Stock Value:     Par Value Shares: 100,000,000        Value:  $ 0.001     Par Value Shares: 10,000,000        Value:  $ 0.001     No Par Value Shares: 0     -----------------------------------------------------------------     Total Authorized Capital:  $ 110,000.00
                                    






                                        12/17/2008
                                    

                                        Annual List
                                    








                                        6/9/2009
                                    

                                        Amendment
                                    








                                        6/19/2009
                                    

                                        Correction
                                    








                                        3/3/2011
                                    

                                        Acceptance of Registered Agent
                                    








                                        3/3/2011
                                    

                                        Reinstatement
                                    

                                        09-10, 10-11
                                    






                                        2/9/2012
                                    

                                        Annual List
                                    








                                        2/27/2013
                                    

                                        Annual List
                                    








                                        3/7/2014
                                    

                                        Annual List
                                    








                                        10/31/2014
                                    

                                        Annual List
                                    








                                        11/30/2015
                                    

                                        Annual List
                                    








                                        12/9/2016
                                    

                                        Annual List
                                    












Advertisements










Source







Nevada Secretary of State
                                Data last refreshed on Monday, February 20, 2017
                            









What next?






Follow


Receive an email notification when changes occur for Cyberspace Vita, Inc..
Notifications include:

New company roles
Change in active status
Location updates
New connections






Follow








Create Account


Create a free account to access additional details for Cyberspace Vita, Inc. and other profiles that you visit
Benefits include:

Access to more records
Full screen network visualizer
Follow profiles
See how people are connected




 Create Account
                                














            Advertisements
        





















2
                    Known Addresses
                




                                5000 Noeline Ave  Encino, CA 91436

                            


                                41 Ulua Pl  Haiku, HI 96708

                            


                        These addresses are known to be associated with Cyberspace Vita, Inc. however they may be inactive or mailing addresses only. Please verify address for mailing or other purposes.
                    




                Wiki
            


 Edit this profile
                




1
                    Corporate Records

                



                                NV

2006
Domestic Corporation
                            





                Source
            





                        Nevada Secretary of State
                    







top






















You must be signed in to print.
Once signed in, look for the PDF button.















Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Cyberspace Vita Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis



























Sales and support:
        +44 20 8123 2220 (UK)
        +1 732 587 5005 (US)
info@marketpublishers.com





Business & Finance

Retail






Retail
Cash & Carry
Convenience Stores
Department Stores
Duty Free
Hypermarkets & Supermarkets
Online Retail
Retail Company Reports
Service Station Retail
Specialist Store
Wholesale 

Consumer Goods
Consumer Products Company Reports
Cosmetics & Hygiene Products
Furnishing
Jewelry & Accessories
Household Products
Pet Products
Sporting Goods & Equipment
Stationery
Textile & Leather
Tobacco
Toys & Games 

Food & Beverage
Alcoholic Drinks
Soft Drinks
Food
Food & Beverage Company Reports







Industry

Chemicals

IT & Technology

Life Sciences

Services



About
Faq
 My Cart


 











Market Reports
Press-Releases
Events
About Us
Terms & Conditions
Customer FAQ




Market Research Reports

Retail

Retail Company Reports





Cyberspace Vita Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis





Date:
June 15, 2017



Pages:
30


Price:




US$ 200.00




License             [?]:


Single User - US$ 200.00
Corporate License - US$ 400.00




Publisher:
datamining


Report type:
Strategic Report


Delivery:

E-mail Delivery (PDF)


ID:
CC0CC3FEC2DB1EN



        Leaflet:
    

Download PDF Leaflet






















Abstracts
Contents
List of Tables
List of Figures





Cyberspace Vita Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results.

Scope

Business Description – A detailed description of the company’s principal activities.
Locations, Subsidiaries, Associated Companies – A list of key locations, subsidiaries and associated companies of Cyberspace Vita Inc. with contact details.
Milestones and History – An overview of the major events associated with the company.
Key Employee Information – A list of Cyberspace Vita Inc. key executives and their brief biographies.
Major Products and Services – A list of major products, services and brands of the company.
SWOT Analysis – An in-depth analysis of the company’s Strengths, Weakness, Opportunities and Threats.
Financial Analysis - Updated info on income statement, balance sheet and cash flows key figures; main financial ratios and capital market snapshot.
Key Competitors – A list of key Cyberspace Vita Inc. competitors.
Latest News – Company related news bulletins.



1 CYBERSPACE VITA INC. - OVERVIEW

1.1 Cyberspace Vita Inc. - Business Description
1.2 Cyberspace Vita Inc. - Locations, Subsidiaries, Associated Companies
1.3 Cyberspace Vita Inc. - Milestones and History

2 CYBERSPACE VITA INC. - KEY EMPLOYEE INFORMATION

3 CYBERSPACE VITA INC. - OWNERSHIP AND MAJOR HOLDERS

4 CYBERSPACE VITA INC. - MAJOR PRODUCTS AND SERVICES

5 CYBERSPACE VITA INC. - SWOT ANALYSIS

5.1 Cyberspace Vita Inc. - Strengths
5.2 Cyberspace Vita Inc. - Weaknesses
5.3 Cyberspace Vita Inc. - Opportunities
5.4 Cyberspace Vita Inc. - Threats

6 CYBERSPACE VITA INC. – FINANCIAL ANALYSIS

6.1 Cyberspace Vita Inc. - Financial Snapshot
6.2 Cyberspace Vita Inc. – Stock Market Snapshot

7 CYBERSPACE VITA INC. - KEY COMPETITORS

8 CYBERSPACE VITA INC. - LATEST NEWS 

APPENDIX

About datamining
Sources and Methodology
Ratio Definitions
Disclaimer

You will receive the report in 24 hours after the purchase as it takes one business day to update it so you can get the most recent data available.



LIST OF TABLES

Table 1: Cyberspace Vita Inc. Key Facts 
Table 2: Cyberspace Vita Inc. Offices and Representations 
Table 3: Cyberspace Vita Inc. Milestones and History 
Table 4: Cyberspace Vita Inc. Key Executives 
Table 5: Cyberspace Vita Inc. Key Executives Biographies 
Table 6: Cyberspace Vita Inc. Major Shareholders 
Table 7: Cyberspace Vita Inc. Products and Services
Table 8: Cyberspace Vita Inc. SWOT Analysis
Table 9: Cyberspace Vita Inc. Profitability 
Table 10: Cyberspace Vita Inc. Management Effectiveness
Table 11: Cyberspace Vita Inc. Income Statement Key Figures 
Table 12: Cyberspace Vita Inc. Balance Sheet Key Figures 
Table 13: Cyberspace Vita Inc. Cash Flow Key Figures 
Table 14: Cyberspace Vita Inc. Capital Market Snapshot 



LIST OF FIGURES

Figure 1: Cyberspace Vita Inc. Operating Margin Chart 
Figure 2: Cyberspace Vita Inc. Profit Margin Chart 
Figure 3: Cyberspace Vita Inc. Return on Assets (ROA) Chart
Figure 4: Cyberspace Vita Inc. Return on Equity (ROE) Chart 
Figure 5: Cyberspace Vita Inc. Debt to Equity Chart 
Figure 6: Cyberspace Vita Inc. Current Ratio Chart 
Figure 7: Cyberspace Vita Inc. 1-year Stock Chart 
Figure 8: Cyberspace Vita Inc. 5-year Stock Chart
        
        
Skip to top




MORE PUBLICATIONS


Cyberspace Vita Inc. Fundamental Company Report Including Financial, SWOT, Competitors and Industry Analysis
US$ 499.00
Jul, 2017 · 50 pages


Clasquin - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Jun, 2017 · 30 pages


Boulder Steel Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Jun, 2017 · 30 pages


Wilh. Wilhelmsen Holding ASA - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Jun, 2017 · 30 pages


Canadian Phoenix Resources Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Jun, 2017 · 30 pages








Ask Your Question
Cyberspace Vita Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis







Company name*:



Contact person*:



Phone/fax*:



Email*:




 Request invoice


Your enquiry:




				Please click on a Check Box below to confirm you are not a robot:
					


























Market Reports


All Categories  Cash & Carry Convenience Stores Department Stores Duty Free Hypermarkets & Supermarkets Online Retail Retail Company Reports Service Station Retail Specialist Store Wholesale 












Sales and support:
                    +44 20 8123 2220
            +1 732 587 5005
info@marketpublishers.com
  © 2006-2016 MarketPublishers.com


About Us
Our Clients
Our Publishers
Customer FAQ


Market Reports
New Publications
Reports by Regions
Press-Releases


Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Return Policy
Affiliate Program


Join as Publisher

Follow Us:
























 Stock Quotes and Investment Research  -- Quicken® Investing Center







| Quicken
















 












Skip to main content






Quicken Logo




Quicken Logo








United StatesCanada

 



            Cart            



Sign InMy Account
Investment Portfolio

 









You are here









Loading... 











Cyberspace Vita, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 7:08 AM ET
Internet and Direct Marketing Retail

Company Overview of Cyberspace Vita, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
As of May 11, 2017, Cyberspace Vita, Inc. was acquired by Project 1493, LLC, in a reverse merger transaction. Cyberspace Vita, Inc. does not have significant operations. The company plans is to seek, investigate, and acquire one or more properties or businesses through purchase, merger, exchange of stock, or others, as well as through encompassing assets or a business entity, such as a corporation, joint venture, or partnership. Previously, it was engaged in the online sale of vitamins and supplements. The company was founded in 2006 and is based in Haiku, Hawaii. Cyberspace Vita, Inc. is a subsidiary of Fountainhead Capital Management Limited.


41 Ulua PlaceHaiku, HI 96708United StatesFounded in 2006



Phone: 310-396-1691








Key Executives for Cyberspace Vita, Inc.


Cyberspace Vita, Inc. does not have any Key Executives recorded. 



Cyberspace Vita, Inc. Key Developments

Cyberspace Vita, Inc. Files Certificate of Amendment to its Articles of Incorporation
Jun 6 17
On May 18, 2017, Cyberspace Vita, Inc. filed a Certificate of Amendment to its Articles of Incorporation with the State of Nevada to change the company’s name from Cyberspace Vita, Inc. to Green Spirit Industries Inc.


Cyberspace Vita, Inc. has Changed its Name to Green Spirit Industries Inc
Jun 6 17
On June 05, 2017, Cyberspace Vita, Inc. changed its name to Green Spirit Industries Inc.


Cyberspace Vita, Inc. Auditor Raises 'Going Concern' Doubt
Mar 28 17
Cyberspace Vita, Inc. filed its 10-K on Mar 28, 2017 for the period ending Dec 31, 2016. In this report its auditor, Paritz & Company, P.A., gave an unqualified opinion expressing doubt that the company can continue as a going concern.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 1-800 CONTACTS, Inc. United States 12Degrees Corp. United States 1A Auto, Inc. United States 1SaleADay L.L.C. United States 1stdibs.Com, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Merger/Acquisition

			      May 16, 2017
			    
--





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Cyberspace Vita, Inc., please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























Retail Company Research Reports


























Sales and support:
        +44 20 8123 2220 (UK)
        +1 732 587 5005 (US)
info@marketpublishers.com





Business & Finance






Finance Services
Banking
Cards
Credit & Loans
Financial Company Reports
Investment
Mortgage
Payment
Other Financial Services


Insurance
General Insurance
Health Insurance
Insurance Company Reports
Life Insurance
Property Insurance
Reinsurance
Auto Insurance


Business Services
Accounting & Tax Services
Advertising
Brokerage
Business Support
Business Services Company Reports
Consulting
Diversified Services Company Reports
Franchise
Wealth Management


Company Reports
Business Survey
Real Estate





Retail






Retail
Cash & Carry
Convenience Stores
Department Stores
Duty Free
Hypermarkets & Supermarkets
Online Retail
Retail Company Reports
Service Station Retail
Specialist Store
Wholesale 

Consumer Goods
Consumer Products Company Reports
Cosmetics & Hygiene Products
Furnishing
Jewelry & Accessories
Household Products
Pet Products
Sporting Goods & Equipment
Stationery
Textile & Leather
Tobacco
Toys & Games 

Food & Beverage
Alcoholic Drinks
Soft Drinks
Food
Food & Beverage Company Reports







Industry






Agriculture
Agribusiness
Agricultural Products
Animal Husbandry
Fisheries
Fertilizers
Gardening & Forestry

Construction
Building Materials
Building Products Company Reports
Commercial Construction
Engineering & Construction Services Company Report
Industrial construction
Infrastructure
Residential Construction


Energy
Alternative Energy
Batteries & Accumulators
Electric Power
Energy Company Reports
Nuclear Power
Smart Grid
Thermal Power

Metallurgy
Alkali Metals
Ferrous Metallurgy
Metal Alloys
Metal products
Metals & Mining Company Reports
Non-Ferrous Metallurgy
Precious Metals
Rare-Earth Metals
Uranous Metals (Actinoid)


Mineral Raw Materials
Building Raw Materials & Fillers
Conglomerates Company Reports
Fossil Fuel
Nonmetallic Minerals
Metalloids
Ores
Precious & Semi-Precious Stones


Machinery & Equipment
Defence & Security
Packaging Industry
Publishing Industry
Pulp & Paper
Vehicle
Other Industries






Chemicals






Organic Chemicals
Alcohols
Alkenes (Olefins)
Ethers
Organic Acids & Derivatives
Aldehydes & Ketones
Amines
Halogenated
Polymers
Alkanes
Benzene & Derivatives
Isocyanates


Inorganic Chemicals
Alkali
Inorganic Salts
Non-Metallic Oxides
Inorganic Acids
Metal Oxides


Chemical Company Reports
Chemical Reports by CAS Number
Composite Materials
Oils & Lubricants






IT & Technology






Consumer Electronics
Audio & Video Equipment
GPS Navigation
Mobile Phones & Smartphones
PC & Notebooks
Photography


Hardware
Computer Hardware
Computers & Electronic Equipment Company Reports
Data Storage
Networking Hardware


Software
Application Software
Operating System
Programming Software
Software Development
Software & Technology Services Company Reports
Video Games


Telecommunications
Broadband
Communication Services Company Reports
Internet
Mobile
Networks
Telecom Equipment
Wireless Technology






Life Sciences






Medical Devices
Anesthesia & Respiratory
Cardiovascular Devices
Dental
Diabetes Care
Diagnostic Equipment
Drug Delivery
Endoscopy
Ear, Nose & Throat (ENT)
Healthcare Equipment/Supplies Company Reports
Implants
Neurology
Orthopedic
Ophthalmic
Surgical Equipment
Wound Closure
Other Medical Devices


Biotechnology
Biomarkers
Biomaterials
Biosimilars
Stem Cell

Diagnostics & Diseases
In Vitro Diagnostics
Incontinence
Cancer
Cardiovascular
Diabetes
Hepatitis


Healthcare
Healthcare Services Company Reports
Ear Care
Eye Care
Hospital
Medicated Skin Care
Therapy
Wound Care


Pharmaceuticals
Clinical Trial
Drug Stores
Drugs
Pharmaceuticals Company Reports
Vaccines

Medical Products
Veterinary






Services






Freight & Trucking
Air Freight
Freight & Trucking Company Reports
Rail Freight
Road Freight
Water Freight


Media & Entertainment
Casino and Gaming
Cinema & Theater
Magazine & Newspaper
Media Company Reports
Music
Social Media
Television & Radio


Food Service
Fast Food
Restaurants
Restaurants & Leisure Company Reports
Pub & Bar


Consumer Services
Education
Hotels
Legal Services
Logistics
Post & Courier
Recruitment
Rent
Sports & Fitness Center
Travel & Leisure
Other Services








About
Faq
 My Cart


 











Market Reports
Press-Releases
Events
About Us
Terms & Conditions
Customer FAQ




Market Research Reports

Retail

Retail Company Reports








Retail Company Research Reports


Companies in the Retailing Industry are busy with the selling of commodities or/and services in not very large quantities directly to final consumers from retail outlets, online stores, through vending organizations, and a host of other manifold distribution channels.
The Retail business is an extremity buoyant area of practically any economy. Globally, the market is anticipated to approach a value of over EUR 9.8 trillion by 2015-end. In line with retail chains’ geographic extension, Retail Companies trend towards creating innovative retail outlets’ formats in their rush for more consumers. Food and grocery sector is the largest, having touched a just over 63 per cent market share. House of Fraser, Arnotts, John Lewis, Saks Fifth Avenue, Marks & Spencer, The Bay, Dillard’s, Debenhams, Fenwick, Bloomingdale’s, and some others belong within the masters of the worldwide Retail craft.  
This MarketPublishers’ Catalogue contains a pile of research reports presenting complete studies of the Retail market and its every segment. The research reports specifically deal with profiling Retail Companies, highlighting those new to the industry alongside providing financial reviews, scope of activities, details on M&As, as well as the speculating on the future prospects for both domestic and globe-scale, giant and minor Retail Companies.





All Regions
Global
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                East Asia and Pacific
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Australia
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            --China
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Hong Kong
                                                                                --India
                                                                                --Indonesia
                                                                                                                                                        --Japan
                                                                                                                    --South Korea
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Malaysia
                                                                                                                                                                                            --New Zealand
                                                                                                                    --Pakistan
                                                                                                                    --Philippines
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Singapore
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Sri Lanka
                                                                                                                                                        --Taiwan
                                                                                --Thailand
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Europe
                                                                                                                                                    --Germany
                                                                                --Russia
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Austria
                                                                                                                    --Belgium
                                                                                                                                                        --Bulgaria
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Czech Republic
                                                                                --Denmark
                                                                                                                    --Estonia
                                                                                --Finland
                                                                                --France
                                                                                                                    --Greece
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Ireland
                                                                                --Italy
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Latvia
                                                                                                                    --Lithuania
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Netherlands
                                                                                                                    --Norway
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Poland
                                                                                --Portugal
                                                                                                                                                        --Slovenia
                                                                                                                    --Spain
                                                                                                                    --Sweden
                                                                                --Switzerland
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --United Kingdom
                                                                                                                                                                    

Retail Company Reports


All Publishers BAC Industry Comparative Analysis
                        BAC SWOT Company Reports
                        datamining
                        Euromonitor International
                        GlobalData
                        Timetric
                        World Market Intelligence
                    



                            Found
                                 4331 publications                    



Zumiez, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Zumiez, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Zooplus AG - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Zooplus AG - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Zoko Enterprises Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Zoko Enterprises Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Zoa Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Zoa Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Zlaten Lev Holding Plc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Zlaten Lev Holding Plc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Zim Direct Marketing Ltd - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Zim Direct Marketing Ltd - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Zhuhai Port Co.,Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Zhuhai Port Co.,Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Zhongyeda Electric Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Zhongyeda Electric Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Zhongxing Shenyang Commercial Building Group Company Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Zhongxing Shenyang Commercial Building Group Company Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Zhongsheng Group Holdings Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Zhongsheng Group Holdings Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Zhongchu Development Stock Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Zhongchu Development Stock Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Zhongbai Holdings Group Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Zhongbai Holdings Group Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Zhejiang Zhongda Group Co.,Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Zhejiang Zhongda Group Co.,Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Zhejiang Orient Holdings Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Zhejiang Orient Holdings Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Zevotek, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Zevotek, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Zett Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Zett Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Zaoh Co. Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Zaoh Co. Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Zann Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Zann Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Zampa SA - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Zampa SA - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Zale Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Zale Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Zaldiva Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Zaldiva Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Zakupy.com SA - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Zakupy.com SA - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Zaklady Lniarskie Orzel S.A. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Zaklady Lniarskie Orzel S.A. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Zakkaya Bulldog Co. Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Zakkaya Bulldog Co. Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Yunnan Enterprises Holdings Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Yunnan Enterprises Holdings Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Yume no Machi Souzou Iinkai Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Yume no Machi Souzou Iinkai Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Yugang International Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Yugang International Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Yuasa Trading Co. Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Yuasa Trading Co. Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Your-Mart Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Your-Mart Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


YOOX S.p.A. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
YOOX S.p.A. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Yonghui Superstores Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Yonghui Superstores Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Yokohama Reito Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Yokohama Reito Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Yleiselektroniikka Oyj - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Yleiselektroniikka Oyj - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


YKT Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
YKT Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Yinson Holdings Bhd - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Yinson Holdings Bhd - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


YinChuan XinHua Department Store Co. Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
YinChuan XinHua Department Store Co. Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


YHI International Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
YHI International Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


YesDTC Holdings, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
YesDTC Holdings, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


YES24 Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
YES24 Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Yellow Hat Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Yellow Hat Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Yarn Syndicate Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Yarn Syndicate Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Yardway Group Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Yardway Group Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Yaoko Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Yaoko Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Yamazen Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Yamazen Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Yamazawa Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Yamazawa Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Yamaya Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Yamaya Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Yamato Material Co.,Ltd - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Yamato Material Co.,Ltd - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Yamatane Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Yamatane Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Yamano Holding Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Yamano Holding Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Yamanaka Co. Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Yamanaka Co. Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages




1
2
3
4
5
>

Skip to top





Market Reports


All Categories  Cash & Carry Convenience Stores Department Stores Duty Free Hypermarkets & Supermarkets Online Retail Retail Company Reports Service Station Retail Specialist Store Wholesale 






Need Help?

								+44 20 8123 2220 (UK)
				+1 732 587 5005 (USA)
info@marketpublishers.com







Sales and support:
                    +44 20 8123 2220
            +1 732 587 5005
info@marketpublishers.com
  © 2006-2016 MarketPublishers.com


About Us
Our Clients
Our Publishers
Customer FAQ


Market Reports
New Publications
Reports by Regions
Press-Releases


Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Return Policy
Affiliate Program


Join as Publisher

Follow Us:























Retail Market Research Reports & Industry Analysis


























Sales and support:
        +44 20 8123 2220 (UK)
        +1 732 587 5005 (US)
info@marketpublishers.com





Business & Finance






Finance Services
Banking
Cards
Credit & Loans
Financial Company Reports
Investment
Mortgage
Payment
Other Financial Services


Insurance
General Insurance
Health Insurance
Insurance Company Reports
Life Insurance
Property Insurance
Reinsurance
Auto Insurance


Business Services
Accounting & Tax Services
Advertising
Brokerage
Business Support
Business Services Company Reports
Consulting
Diversified Services Company Reports
Franchise
Wealth Management


Company Reports
Business Survey
Real Estate





Retail






Retail
Cash & Carry
Convenience Stores
Department Stores
Duty Free
Hypermarkets & Supermarkets
Online Retail
Retail Company Reports
Service Station Retail
Specialist Store
Wholesale 

Consumer Goods
Consumer Products Company Reports
Cosmetics & Hygiene Products
Furnishing
Jewelry & Accessories
Household Products
Pet Products
Sporting Goods & Equipment
Stationery
Textile & Leather
Tobacco
Toys & Games 

Food & Beverage
Alcoholic Drinks
Soft Drinks
Food
Food & Beverage Company Reports







Industry






Agriculture
Agribusiness
Agricultural Products
Animal Husbandry
Fisheries
Fertilizers
Gardening & Forestry

Construction
Building Materials
Building Products Company Reports
Commercial Construction
Engineering & Construction Services Company Report
Industrial construction
Infrastructure
Residential Construction


Energy
Alternative Energy
Batteries & Accumulators
Electric Power
Energy Company Reports
Nuclear Power
Smart Grid
Thermal Power

Metallurgy
Alkali Metals
Ferrous Metallurgy
Metal Alloys
Metal products
Metals & Mining Company Reports
Non-Ferrous Metallurgy
Precious Metals
Rare-Earth Metals
Uranous Metals (Actinoid)


Mineral Raw Materials
Building Raw Materials & Fillers
Conglomerates Company Reports
Fossil Fuel
Nonmetallic Minerals
Metalloids
Ores
Precious & Semi-Precious Stones


Machinery & Equipment
Defence & Security
Packaging Industry
Publishing Industry
Pulp & Paper
Vehicle
Other Industries






Chemicals






Organic Chemicals
Alcohols
Alkenes (Olefins)
Ethers
Organic Acids & Derivatives
Aldehydes & Ketones
Amines
Halogenated
Polymers
Alkanes
Benzene & Derivatives
Isocyanates


Inorganic Chemicals
Alkali
Inorganic Salts
Non-Metallic Oxides
Inorganic Acids
Metal Oxides


Chemical Company Reports
Chemical Reports by CAS Number
Composite Materials
Oils & Lubricants






IT & Technology






Consumer Electronics
Audio & Video Equipment
GPS Navigation
Mobile Phones & Smartphones
PC & Notebooks
Photography


Hardware
Computer Hardware
Computers & Electronic Equipment Company Reports
Data Storage
Networking Hardware


Software
Application Software
Operating System
Programming Software
Software Development
Software & Technology Services Company Reports
Video Games


Telecommunications
Broadband
Communication Services Company Reports
Internet
Mobile
Networks
Telecom Equipment
Wireless Technology






Life Sciences






Medical Devices
Anesthesia & Respiratory
Cardiovascular Devices
Dental
Diabetes Care
Diagnostic Equipment
Drug Delivery
Endoscopy
Ear, Nose & Throat (ENT)
Healthcare Equipment/Supplies Company Reports
Implants
Neurology
Orthopedic
Ophthalmic
Surgical Equipment
Wound Closure
Other Medical Devices


Biotechnology
Biomarkers
Biomaterials
Biosimilars
Stem Cell

Diagnostics & Diseases
In Vitro Diagnostics
Incontinence
Cancer
Cardiovascular
Diabetes
Hepatitis


Healthcare
Healthcare Services Company Reports
Ear Care
Eye Care
Hospital
Medicated Skin Care
Therapy
Wound Care


Pharmaceuticals
Clinical Trial
Drug Stores
Drugs
Pharmaceuticals Company Reports
Vaccines

Medical Products
Veterinary






Services






Freight & Trucking
Air Freight
Freight & Trucking Company Reports
Rail Freight
Road Freight
Water Freight


Media & Entertainment
Casino and Gaming
Cinema & Theater
Magazine & Newspaper
Media Company Reports
Music
Social Media
Television & Radio


Food Service
Fast Food
Restaurants
Restaurants & Leisure Company Reports
Pub & Bar


Consumer Services
Education
Hotels
Legal Services
Logistics
Post & Courier
Recruitment
Rent
Sports & Fitness Center
Travel & Leisure
Other Services








About
Faq
 My Cart


 











Market Reports
Press-Releases
Events
About Us
Terms & Conditions
Customer FAQ




Market Research Reports

Retail








Retail Market Research Reports & Industry Analysis


Companies as well as individuals operating in the retail market are involved in the sale of various goods (for use/consumption) to final users. The retail industry has undergone a large variety of changes over the past few decades. For instance, small-sized family-run stores no more rule the market since they have been dethroned by large-cap corporations. Currently, the most popular retailer types are represented by discounters and department stores.
The economy’s standing, consumer confidence, disposable income size and power of buyers are amidst the top forces impacting the market. Online retailing represents the most promising market segment given the rising penetration of Internet in everyday life. John Lewis, Arnotts, GALERIA Kaufhof, El Corte Ingles, Stockmann, Marks & Spencer and a lot more are amidst the retail market behemoths.
Within this MarketPublishers’ catalogue, there are innumerable reports featuring the retail market analyses on hand. The research studies describe main drivers of the market growth; examine the influence of economic recession on it and current market dynamics. Relevant data on production volumes, market segmentation, imports and exports ratio, and future industry prospects are comprised in the research reports, as well.





All Regions

--
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Global
                                                                                --Africa
                                                                                --East Asia and Pacific
                                                                                --Europe
                                                                                --Middle East
                                                                                --North America
                                                                                --South America
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Global
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Africa
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Algeria
                                                                                                                    --Angola
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            --Benin
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Botswana
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Burkina Faso
                                                                                --Burundi
                                                                                                                    --Cameroon
                                                                                --Cape Verde
                                                                                --Central African Republic
                                                                                --Chad
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Comoros
                                                                                --Congo
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Djibouti
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Egypt
                                                                                                                    --Equatorial Guinea
                                                                                --Eritrea
                                                                                                                    --Ethiopia
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Gabon
                                                                                --Gambia
                                                                                                                    --Ghana
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Guinea
                                                                                --Guinea-Bissau
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Kenya
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            --Lesotho
                                                                                --Liberia
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Madagascar
                                                                                --Malawi
                                                                                                                                                        --Mali
                                                                                                                    --Mauritania
                                                                                --Mauritius
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Morocco
                                                                                --Mozambique
                                                                                --Namibia
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Niger
                                                                                --Nigeria
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Rwanda
                                                                                --Sao Tome and Principe
                                                                                                                    --Senegal
                                                                                --Seychelles
                                                                                --Sierra Leone
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --South Africa
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Swaziland
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Tanzania
                                                                                                                    --Togo
                                                                                                                                                        --Tunisia
                                                                                                                    --Uganda
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            --Zambia
                                                                                --Zimbabwe
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Cote d'Ivoire
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            --Sudan
                                                                                                                    --Timor-Leste
                                                                                                                    East Asia and Pacific
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Samoa
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Australia
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Bangladesh
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Bhutan
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Brunei Darussalam
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Cambodia
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --China
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Fiji
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Hong Kong
                                                                                                                                                        --India
                                                                                --Indonesia
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Japan
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Kiribati
                                                                                --South Korea
                                                                                                                                                        --Lao PDR
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Malaysia
                                                                                --Maldives
                                                                                                                    --Marshall Islands
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Micronesia
                                                                                                                    --Mongolia
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Nepal
                                                                                                                    --New Zealand
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Pakistan
                                                                                --Palau
                                                                                                                    --Papua New Guinea
                                                                                                                                                        --Philippines
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            --Singapore
                                                                                                                                                        --Solomon Islands
                                                                                                                                                        --Sri Lanka
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Taiwan
                                                                                                                                                        --Thailand
                                                                                                                    --Tonga
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            --Vanuatu
                                                                                                                    --Vietnam
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --St. Kitts and Nevis
                                                                                --St. Lucia
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Europe
                                                                                                                                                                                        --Germany
                                                                                --Russia
                                                                                                                    --Belarus
                                                                                --Ukraine
                                                                                --Albania
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            --Austria
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Belgium
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Bosnia and Herzegovina
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Bulgaria
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Croatia
                                                                                                                    --Czech Republic
                                                                                --Denmark
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Estonia
                                                                                                                                                        --Finland
                                                                                --France
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Greece
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Hungary
                                                                                --Iceland
                                                                                                                                                        --Ireland
                                                                                --Italy
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Latvia
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Lithuania
                                                                                --Luxembourg
                                                                                --Macedonia
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Moldova
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Netherlands
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Norway
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Poland
                                                                                --Portugal
                                                                                                                                                        --Romania
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            --Slovakia
                                                                                --Slovenia
                                                                                                                                                        --Spain
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Sweden
                                                                                --Switzerland
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            --United Kingdom
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            --Montenegro
                                                                                --Serbia
                                                                                                                                                        --St. Vincent and the Grenadines
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Middle East
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Israel
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Armenia
                                                                                                                                                        --Azerbaijan
                                                                                                                    --Bahrain
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Cyprus
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Georgia
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Jordan
                                                                                --Kazakhstan
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Kuwait
                                                                                --Kyrgyzstan
                                                                                                                                                        --Lebanon
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            --Oman
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Qatar
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Saudi Arabia
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            --Tajikistan
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Turkey
                                                                                                                    --United Arab Emirates
                                                                                                                    --Uzbekistan
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Yemen
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Afghanistan
                                                                                                                    --Iran
                                                                                --Iraq
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Syria
                                                                                                                    --West Bank and Gaza
                                                                                North America
                                                                                                                --United States
                                                                                --Canada
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Antigua And Barbuda
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Bahamas
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Belize
                                                                                                                    --Bermuda
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            --Costa Rica
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Dominica
                                                                                --Dominican Republic
                                                                                                                                                        --El Salvador
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Grenada
                                                                                --Guatemala
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Haiti
                                                                                --Honduras
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            --Jamaica
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Mexico
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Nicaragua
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Panama
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Puerto Rico
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Trinidad and Tobago
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    South America
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Argentina
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Bolivia
                                                                                                                                                        --Brazil
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Chile
                                                                                                                    --Colombia
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Ecuador
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Guyana
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Paraguay
                                                                                --Peru
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            --Suriname
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Uruguay
                                                                                                                                                        --Venezuela
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                

Retail
--Cash & Carry  --Convenience Stores  --Department Stores  --Duty Free  --Hypermarkets & Supermarkets  --Online Retail  --Retail Company Reports  --Service Station Retail  --Specialist Store  --Wholesale  

All Publishers 6Wresearch
                        9Dimen Research
                        AFS Research
                        Allied Market Research
                        Ameria cjsc
                        AMID
                        Analytiqa
                        Aruvian's R'search
                        ASKCI Consulting Co., Ltd
                        ATLANTIC-ACM
                        BAC Country Trade Reports
                        BAC Industry Business Reports
                        BAC Industry Comparative Analysis
                        BAC International Trade Report
                        BAC SWOT Company Reports
                        Barnes Reports
                        Bras Research
                        BRICdata
                        China Research and Intelligence
                        Compass Intelligence
                        Daedal Research
                        Data Insight
                        DataGroup Booksellers
                        datamining
                        Euromonitor International
                        Euroresearch & Consulting
                        Feedback Consulting
                        FineIntel
                        Global Industry Analysts
                        GlobalData
                        GlobalInfoResearch
                        Gyan Research and Analytics Pvt. Ltd.
                        Huidian Research
                        ICON Group International
                        IMARC Group
                        IndustryARC
                        Infiniti Research
                        Interfax Europe
                        Investment & Research (I&R)
                        IS Advisors
                        JapanConsuming
                        JuxtConsult Research & Consulting
                        Ken Research 
                        Knowledge Sourcing Intelligence LLP
                        Koncept Analytics
                        Kuick Research
                        LP Information
                        Lucintel
                        Market and Business Development
                        MarketLine
                        Netscribes
                        NIIR Project Consultancy Services
                        NNMT Advisor
                        OG Analysis
                        Ovum
                        Packaged Facts
                        Perform Ventures
                        Plimsoll Publishing
                        Plunkett Research, Ltd. 
                        Prof Research 
                        Proriv Company
                        Prosper Business Development
                        QYResearch
                        Renub Research
                        ResearchInChina
                        RNCOS E-Services
                        Sadia Saeed
                        Simba Information
                        Smart Research Insights
                        SMI
                        Smyyth
                        Socintel360
                        Stellar Analytics
                        Stickyeyes
                        Stratistics Market Research Consulting
                        Sundale Research
                        TechSci Research
                        The Business Research Company
                        Timetric
                        Transport Intelligence
                        Tuoda Research
                        Venture Planning Group
                        Ventures Middle East
                        Veraart  Research Group
                        World Market Intelligence
                    



                            Found
                                 10954 publications                    



Whole Foods Market: Performance, Capabilities, Goals and Strategies in the Global Retail Industry
US$ 1,450.00
 ...  report on Whole Foods Market performance, capabilities, goals and strategies provides significant competitor information, analysis and insight critical to the development and implementation of effective marketing and ...  realistically assess their financial, technological and marketing capabilities vis-à-vis its competitors. To assist potential market entrants in evaluating prospective acquisitions and joint ...  Jul, 2017


The Kroger Co: Performance, Capabilities, Goals and Strategies in the Global Retail Industry
US$ 1,450.00
The new VPGMarketResearch.com report on The Kroger Co performance, capabilities, goals and strategies provides significant competitor information, analysis and  ...  current suppliers realistically assess their financial, technological and marketing capabilities vis-à-vis its competitors. To assist potential market entrants in evaluating ...  Jul, 2017


Sprouts Farmers Market: Performance, Capabilities, Goals and Strategies in the Global Retail Industry
US$ 1,450.00
 ...  report on Sprouts Farmers Market performance, capabilities, goals and strategies provides significant competitor information, analysis and insight critical to the development and implementation of effective marketing and ...  realistically assess their financial, technological and marketing capabilities vis-à-vis its competitors. To assist potential market entrants in evaluating prospective acquisitions and joint ...  Jul, 2017


Nike: Performance, Capabilities, Goals and Strategies in the Global Retail Industry
US$ 1,450.00
The new VPGMarketResearch.com report on Nike performance, capabilities, goals and strategies provides significant competitor information, analysis and insight  ...  current suppliers realistically assess their financial, technological and marketing capabilities vis-à-vis its competitors. To assist potential market entrants in evaluating ...  Jul, 2017


Adidas: Performance, Capabilities, Goals and Strategies in the Global Retail Industry
US$ 1,450.00
The new VPGMarketResearch.com report on Adidas performance, capabilities, goals and strategies provides significant competitor information, analysis and insight  ...  current suppliers realistically assess their financial, technological and marketing capabilities vis-à-vis its competitors. To assist potential market entrants in evaluating ...  Jul, 2017


Wal-Mart: Performance, Capabilities, Goals and Strategies in the Global Retail Industry
US$ 1,450.00
The new VPGMarketResearch.com report on Wal-Mart performance, capabilities, goals and strategies provides significant competitor information, analysis and insight  ...  current suppliers realistically assess their financial, technological and marketing capabilities vis-à-vis its competitors. To assist potential market entrants in evaluating ...  Jul, 2017


Target: Performance, Capabilities, Goals and Strategies in the Global Retail Industry
US$ 1,450.00
The new VPGMarketResearch.com report on Target performance, capabilities, goals and strategies provides significant competitor information, analysis and insight  ...  current suppliers realistically assess their financial, technological and marketing capabilities vis-à-vis its competitors. To assist potential market entrants in evaluating ...  Jul, 2017


Dollar Tree: Performance, Capabilities, Goals and Strategies in the Global Retail Industry
US$ 1,450.00
The new VPGMarketResearch.com report on Dollar Tree performance, capabilities, goals and strategies provides significant competitor information, analysis and insight  ...  current suppliers realistically assess their financial, technological and marketing capabilities vis-à-vis its competitors. To assist potential market entrants in evaluating ...  Jul, 2017


Dollar General: Performance, Capabilities, Goals and Strategies in the Global Retail Industry
US$ 1,450.00
The new VPGMarketResearch.com report on Dollar General performance, capabilities, goals and strategies provides significant competitor information, analysis and insight  ...  current suppliers realistically assess their financial, technological and marketing capabilities vis-à-vis its competitors. To assist potential market entrants in evaluating ...  Jul, 2017


Costco: Performance, Capabilities, Goals and Strategies in the Global Retail Industry
US$ 1,450.00
The new VPGMarketResearch.com report on Costco performance, capabilities, goals and strategies provides significant competitor information, analysis and insight  ...  current suppliers realistically assess their financial, technological and marketing capabilities vis-à-vis its competitors. To assist potential market entrants in evaluating ...  Jul, 2017


VF Corp. : Performance, Capabilities, Goals and Strategies in the Global Apparel Market
US$ 1,450.00
The new VPGMarketResearch.com report on VF Corp. performance, capabilities, goals and strategies provides significant competitor information, analysis and  ...  current suppliers realistically assess their financial, technological and marketing capabilities vis-à-vis its competitors. To assist potential market entrants in evaluating ...  Jul, 2017


Urban Outfitters: Performance, Capabilities, Goals and Strategies in the Global Apparel Market
US$ 1,450.00
The new VPGMarketResearch.com report on Urban Outfitters performance, capabilities, goals and strategies provides significant competitor information, analysis and insight  ...  current suppliers realistically assess their financial, technological and marketing capabilities vis-à-vis its competitors. To assist potential market entrants in evaluating ...  Jul, 2017


Under Armour : Performance, Capabilities, Goals and Strategies in the Global Apparel Market
US$ 1,450.00
The new VPGMarketResearch.com report on Under Armour performance, capabilities, goals and strategies provides significant competitor information, analysis and  ...  current suppliers realistically assess their financial, technological and marketing capabilities vis-à-vis its competitors. To assist potential market entrants in evaluating ...  Jul, 2017


TJX Companies: Performance, Capabilities, Goals and Strategies in the Global Apparel Market
US$ 1,450.00
The new VPGMarketResearch.com report on TJX Companies performance, capabilities, goals and strategies provides significant competitor information, analysis and insight  ...  current suppliers realistically assess their financial, technological and marketing capabilities vis-à-vis its competitors. To assist potential market entrants in evaluating ...  Jul, 2017


Ross Stores: Performance, Capabilities, Goals and Strategies in the Global Apparel Market
US$ 1,450.00
The new VPGMarketResearch.com report on Ross Stores performance, capabilities, goals and strategies provides significant competitor information, analysis and insight  ...  current suppliers realistically assess their financial, technological and marketing capabilities vis-à-vis its competitors. To assist potential market entrants in evaluating ...  Jul, 2017


Ralph Lauren : Performance, Capabilities, Goals and Strategies in the Global Apparel Market
US$ 1,450.00
The new VPGMarketResearch.com report on Ralph Lauren performance, capabilities, goals and strategies provides significant competitor information, analysis and  ...  current suppliers realistically assess their financial, technological and marketing capabilities vis-à-vis its competitors. To assist potential market entrants in evaluating ...  Jul, 2017


PVH : Performance, Capabilities, Goals and Strategies in the Global Apparel Market
US$ 1,450.00
The new VPGMarketResearch.com report on PVH performance, capabilities, goals and strategies provides significant competitor information, analysis and insight  ...  current suppliers realistically assess their financial, technological and marketing capabilities vis-à-vis its competitors. To assist potential market entrants in evaluating ...  Jul, 2017


Nordstrom: Performance, Capabilities, Goals and Strategies in the Global Retail Industry
US$ 1,450.00
The new VPGMarketResearch.com report on Nordstrom performance, capabilities, goals and strategies provides significant competitor information, analysis and insight  ...  current suppliers realistically assess their financial, technological and marketing capabilities vis-à-vis its competitors. To assist potential market entrants in evaluating ...  Jul, 2017


Macy's: Performance, Capabilities, Goals and Strategies in the Global Retail Industry
US$ 1,450.00
The new VPGMarketResearch.com report on Macy's performance, capabilities, goals and strategies provides significant competitor information, analysis and insight  ...  current suppliers realistically assess their financial, technological and marketing capabilities vis-à-vis its competitors. To assist potential market entrants in evaluating ...  Jul, 2017


Luxottica Group: Performance, Capabilities, Goals and Strategies in the Global Apparel Market
US$ 1,450.00
The new VPGMarketResearch.com report on Luxottica Group performance, capabilities, goals and strategies provides significant competitor information, analysis and insight  ...  current suppliers realistically assess their financial, technological and marketing capabilities vis-à-vis its competitors. To assist potential market entrants in evaluating ...  Jul, 2017


Lululemon Athletica: Performance, Capabilities, Goals and Strategies in the Global Apparel Market
US$ 1,450.00
The new VPGMarketResearch.com report on Lululemon Athletica performance, capabilities, goals and strategies provides significant competitor information, analysis and insight  ...  current suppliers realistically assess their financial, technological and marketing capabilities vis-à-vis its competitors. To assist potential market entrants in evaluating ...  Jul, 2017


L Brands: Performance, Capabilities, Goals and Strategies in the Global Apparel Market
US$ 1,450.00
The new VPGMarketResearch.com report on L Brands performance, capabilities, goals and strategies provides significant competitor information, analysis and insight  ...  current suppliers realistically assess their financial, technological and marketing capabilities vis-à-vis its competitors. To assist potential market entrants in evaluating ...  Jul, 2017


Kohl's: Performance, Capabilities, Goals and Strategies in the Global Retail Industry
US$ 1,450.00
The new VPGMarketResearch.com report on Kohl's performance, capabilities, goals and strategies provides significant competitor information, analysis and insight  ...  current suppliers realistically assess their financial, technological and marketing capabilities vis-à-vis its competitors. To assist potential market entrants in evaluating ...  Jul, 2017


Hanesbrands : Performance, Capabilities, Goals and Strategies in the Global Apparel Market
US$ 1,450.00
The new VPGMarketResearch.com report on Hanesbrands performance, capabilities, goals and strategies provides significant competitor information, analysis and insight  ...  current suppliers realistically assess their financial, technological and marketing capabilities vis-à-vis its competitors. To assist potential market entrants in evaluating ...  Jul, 2017


Guess: Performance, Capabilities, Goals and Strategies in the Global Apparel Market
US$ 1,450.00
The new VPGMarketResearch.com report on Guess performance, capabilities, goals and strategies provides significant competitor information, analysis and insight  ...  current suppliers realistically assess their financial, technological and marketing capabilities vis-à-vis its competitors. To assist potential market entrants in evaluating ...  Jul, 2017


Gildan Activewear : Performance, Capabilities, Goals and Strategies in the Global Apparel Market
US$ 1,450.00
The new VPGMarketResearch.com report on Gildan Activewear performance, capabilities, goals and strategies provides significant competitor information, analysis and  ...  current suppliers realistically assess their financial, technological and marketing capabilities vis-à-vis its competitors. To assist potential market entrants in evaluating ...  Jul, 2017


Gap: Performance, Capabilities, Goals and Strategies in the Global Apparel Market
US$ 1,450.00
The new VPGMarketResearch.com report on Gap performance, capabilities, goals and strategies provides significant competitor information, analysis and insight  ...  current suppliers realistically assess their financial, technological and marketing capabilities vis-à-vis its competitors. To assist potential market entrants in evaluating ...  Jul, 2017


Wal-Mart Stores Inc. - Retailer Profile with IT Spending by Geography - Technology Profile
US$ 1,495.00
Wal-Mart Stores Inc. - Retailer Profile with IT Spending by Geography - Technology Profile Summary 'Wal-Mart Stores Inc. - Retailer Profile with IT Spending by Geography', report provides a technology overview of Wal-Mart ...  Oct, 2016 53 pages


Tesco PLC - Retailer Profile with IT Spending by Geography - Technology Profile
US$ 1,495.00
Tesco PLC - Retailer Profile with IT Spending by Geography - Technology Profile Summary 'Tesco PLC - Retailer Profile with IT Spending by Geography', report provides a technology overview of Tesco PLC ...  Nov, 2016 48 pages


Target Corporation-Retailer Profile with IT Spending by Geography - Technology Profile
US$ 1,495.00
Target Corporation-Retailer Profile with IT Spending by Geography - Technology Profile Summary 'Target Corporation-Retailer Profile with IT Spending by Geography', report provides a technology overview of Target Corporation ...  Nov, 2016 29 pages


Point-of-Sales Systems in Retail: Technologies and Usage Cases - Gaining customer insight while improving the in-store experience
US$ 2,495.00
Point-of-Sales Systems in Retail: Technologies and Usage Cases - Gaining customer insight while improving the in-store experience Summary 'Point-of-Sales Systems in Retail: Technologies and Usage Cases', report discusses various PoS technologies ...  Feb, 2017 27 pages


Online Retailers Leaping Ahead Through Technology: Leading the battle for systems, platforms and apps
US$ 795.00
Online Retailers Leaping Ahead Through Technology: Leading the battle for systems, platforms and apps Summary 'Online Retailers Leaping Ahead Through Technology', report analyzes the strategies and technologies deployed by eTailers ...  May, 2017 8 pages


Li-Fi in Retail: Technologies and Usage Cases - Gaining customer insight while improving the in-store experience
US$ 995.00
 ... Retail: Technologies and Usage Cases', report discusses how different retailers can benefit from Li-Fi technology, with advice provided for IT vendors. Li-Fi is an optical wireless networking technology ...  Apr, 2017 11 pages


Key Trends in Retail IT, 2017 - Driving Customer Experience and Operational Efficiency through Innovative Technologies
US$ 2,495.00
 ... data. Digital technologies play a key role in driving retailers’ business transformation efforts, including various Internet of Things based devices, cloud ...  Jan, 2017 23 pages


IT in Retail - Technology Priorities (2016/2017): Successfully targeting retailers with competitive ICT solutions
US$ 995.00
 ... Retail - Technology Priorities (2016/2017)', report presents the findings from a survey of 152 retailers regarding their ICT investment trends, ICT budgets allocations and core technology ...  Dec, 2016 28 pages


Internet of Things in Retail: Technologies and Usage Cases - Gainining Competitive Advantage through Better Understanding Retailers’ Business and IT Priorities
US$ 2,495.00
 ... Internet of Things in Retail: Technologies and Usage Cases', report discusses the benefits and challenges of IoT technologies such as RFID, Wi-Fi, Beacons, virtual reality, digital signage, robotics, drones and smart ...  Oct, 2016 41 pages


Digital Signage in Retail: Technology & Usage Cases - Creating Attractive Experiences for Shoppers
US$ 995.00
Digital Signage in Retail: Technology & Usage Cases - Creating Attractive Experiences for Shoppers Summary 'Digital Signage in Retail: Technology & Usage Cases', report discusses how different retailers can benefit from the digital signage technology ...  Apr, 2017 11 pages


Data Center Infrastructure and Cloud Computing Considerations in Retail: Gaining competitive advantage through better understanding retailers’ business and IT priorities
US$ 2,495.00
 ... retailers' data center infrastructure and cloud computing priorities. This reports helps you to structure your retail specific infrastructure strategy, and is especially useful for vendors that offer servers, storage, networks or cloud ...  Mar, 2017 39 pages


Carrefour S.A. - Retailer Profile with IT Spending by Geography
US$ 1,495.00
Carrefour S.A. - Retailer Profile with IT Spending by Geography Summary 'Carrefour S.A. - Retailer Profile with IT Spending by Geography', report provides a technology overview of the retailer Carrefour ...  Feb, 2017 55 pages


Big Data in Retail: Opportunities and Challenges - Gaining competitive advantage through better understanding retailers’ business and IT priorities
US$ 2,495.00
Big Data in Retail: Opportunities and Challenges - Gaining competitive advantage through better understanding retailers’ business and IT priorities Summary 'Big Data in Retail: Opportunities and Challenges', report discusses retailers' Big Data and analytics related business ...  Aug, 2016 44 pages


Best Practices in Retail: Smart Fitting Rooms - Fit for the Future
US$ 995.00
Best Practices in Retail: Smart Fitting Rooms - Fit for the Future Summary 'Best Practices in Retail: Smart Fitting Rooms', report discusses how different retailers can benefit from using smart fitting rooms, with advice provided for IT vendors. Smart fitting rooms ...  Feb, 2017 9 pages


Best Practices in Retail: RFID - A Key Driver of Innovation
US$ 995.00
Best Practices in Retail: RFID - A Key Driver of Innovation Summary 'Best Practices in Retail: RFID', report discusses how different retailers can benefit from applying RFID technology, with advice provided for IT vendors. RFID ...  Jan, 2017 11 pages


Best Practices in Retail: In-Store Wi-Fi - Bridging Online and Offline Customer Experience
US$ 995.00
Best Practices in Retail: In-Store Wi-Fi - Bridging Online and Offline Customer Experience Summary 'Best Practices in Retail: In-Store Wi-Fi', report discusses how different retailers ...  Jan, 2017 12 pages


Best Practices in Retail: In-memory Analytics Implementation
US$ 995.00
Best Practices in Retail: In-memory Analytics Implementation Summary 'Best Practices in Retail: In-memory Analytics Implementation', report discusses how different retailers can benefit from in-memory analytics ...  Oct, 2016 10 pages


Best Practices in Retail: Cloud Computing
US$ 995.00
Best Practices in Retail: Cloud Computing Summary 'Best Practices in Retail: Cloud Computing', report analyzes the latest developments in retailers' cloud strategies and their challenges. Cloud technology provides ...  Oct, 2016 9 pages


Best Practices in Retail: Beacons
US$ 995.00
Best Practices in Retail: Beacons Summary 'Best Practices in Retail: Beacons', report discusses how different retailers can benefit from beacons and the challenges they face, with advice provided for IT vendors. Beacons ...  Dec, 2016 12 pages


Amazon.com: Retailer Profile with IT Spending by Geography
US$ 1,495.00
Amazon.com: Retailer Profile with IT Spending by Geography Summary 'Amazon.com: Retailer Profile with IT Spending by Geography', report provides a technology overview of Amazon.com ...  Jun, 2017 45 pages


Variety Stores Purchasing World Report
US$ 950.00
VARIETY STORES PURCHASING WORLD PDF REPORT See descriptive brochure: here The Variety Stores Purchasing World Report gives data on a list of 42 categories of Raw Materials, Semi-Finished &  ... , by each country, by Year. This Variety Stores Purchasing World Report is a PDF Summary Edition.860 pages. Updated monthly. UPGRADE: A Purchasing World Database Edition of this report is available ...  Jul, 2017 860 pages


Variety Store Revenues Global Report
US$ 950.00
 ... . Variety Store Revenues MARKETS DATA - in US$ by Country by Product/Service by Year: Past 7 years to Current Year to Next 7 years. This data is found in about 200 tables. VARIETY STORE REVENUES 1. Variety stores ...  Coupon value of $300. VARIETY STORE REVENUES WORLD REPORT DATABASE EDITION The Market for Variety Store Revenues in each country by Products & Services. The Variety Store Revenues World Report covers ...  Jul, 2017 1809 pages


Used Merchandise Stores, Specialist Purchasing World Report
US$ 950.00
USED MERCHANDISE STORES, SPECIALIST PURCHASING WORLD PDF REPORT See descriptive brochure: here The Used Merchandise Stores, Specialist Purchasing World Report gives data on a list of 42 categories of Raw Materials, Semi- ...  Jul, 2017 882 pages




1
2
3
4
5
>

Skip to top





Market Reports


All Categories  Cash & Carry Convenience Stores Department Stores Duty Free Hypermarkets & Supermarkets Online Retail Retail Company Reports Service Station Retail Specialist Store Wholesale 






Need Help?

								+44 20 8123 2220 (UK)
				+1 732 587 5005 (USA)
info@marketpublishers.com







Sales and support:
                    +44 20 8123 2220
            +1 732 587 5005
info@marketpublishers.com
  © 2006-2016 MarketPublishers.com


About Us
Our Clients
Our Publishers
Customer FAQ


Market Reports
New Publications
Reports by Regions
Press-Releases


Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Return Policy
Affiliate Program


Join as Publisher

Follow Us:























HerbsPro : Herbal Supplements | Top Brand Vitamins | Online Health Food Store - HerbsPro.com





















 








Phone: 1-866-915-5300 |   Email Us




Languages




English


Arabic


Chinese


French


German


Italian


Japanese


Korean


Portuguese


Spanish










 






























Cart is empty






Cart is empty



View cart


Checkout








 
        My Account






Orders
Wish listFax Order





Track my order(s)

Track my order(s)







Sign inRegister






 




Menu






                        HOME
                    



                        BRANDS
                    



#







1 Up Nutrition


21st Century


22 Days Nutrition


2nd Skin


3 Green Dogs Vitamins


360 Cut


3B Bags


3M


4 Dimension Nutrition


View more →





A







A & D


A La Maison


A To B Calm


A&Z Pharmaceutical


ABB


Abbott Nutrition


abn


About Time


Abra Therapeutics


View more →





B







B-F-I


Babo Botanicals


Baby Mantra


Baby Orajel


Babys Only Organic (Natures One)


Bach Flower Essences


Bacid


Back to Nature


Backaid


View more →





C







C20 Pure Coconut Water


Ca-Rezz


Cadia


Caf+¬ Altura


Cafix


Calagel


Calcet


Caldesene


California Natural


View more →





D







D's Naturals


D-Cal


D.O.C.


Daily Detox


Daiwa Health Development


DAIWA HEALTH DEVELOPMENT INC


Dakin's


Dancing Paws


Danisa


View more →





E







E-Cloth


E-Pharm


E.P.T.


Earplanes


Earseeds


Earth Balance


Earth Circle Organics


Earth Friendly


Earth Friendly baby


View more →




More BRANDS →





                        CATEGORIES
                    



Beauty Care Products







Bath Accessories


Cosmetics


Foot Care


Hair Care


Oral Care


Personal Care





Groceries







Aromatherapy


Beverages


Home and Garden





Health and Fitness







Books & Media


Detoxification


Diet and Weight Loss


Energy Support


Geriatric Support


Health Aids


Over-The-Counters (Otc)


Smoking Cessation Aids


Sports Nutrition





Pet Care Products







Pet Care Products





Vitamins and Supplements







5 HTP


7-Keto


Acerola


Acidophilus/Probiotics


Adrenal Support


Aging Support


Allergies/Sinus Support


Aloe


Alpha Lipoic Acid


View more →







                        BEST DEALS
                    



                        SHOP BY HERB
                    



A







acidophilus


Alfalfa


almonds


Aloe


Aloe vera


American Ginseng


amla


angelica dahurica


Angelica Species


View more →





B







Barberry


Basil


Bayberry


Bee Pollen


bergamot


Bilberry


Bitter Melon


Bitter Orange


black cherry


View more →





C







Calamus


Calendula Succus


California Poppy


Cardamom


Carrot Seed


Cascara


Cassia angustifolia


Cat's Claw


Catnip


View more →





D







Damiana


Dandelion


Devil's Club


Devils Claw


Dioscorea Villosa


Dong Quai





E







Echinacea


Elder Flower


Elderberry and Elder (berry) flowers and leaves


Elecampane


Emblica officinalis


Enzymes


Ephedra


Eyebright





F







Fennel


Fenugreek


Feverfew


Fo-Ti


Fringe Tree




More SHOP BY HERB →





                        SHOP BY VITAMIN
                    




A & D Vitamins


A Vitamins


B Complex


B Vitamins


B1 Vitamins / Thiamine


B12 Vitamins / Methylcobalamine


View more →







                        MY WISHLIST
                    



                        HEALTH INFO
                    



Health Info







Alternative Medicine


Health Library


Health Tools


Healthy Recipes


Ingredient Glossary


Featured Articles







                        EMAIL US
                    








                        HOME
                    







                        BRANDS
                    




#








1 Up Nutrition


21st Century


22 Days Nutrition


2nd Skin


3 Green Dogs Vitamins


360 Cut


3B Bags


3M


4 Dimension Nutrition


View more →






A








A & D


A La Maison


A To B Calm


A&Z Pharmaceutical


ABB


Abbott Nutrition


abn


About Time


Abra Therapeutics


View more →






B








B-F-I


Babo Botanicals


Baby Mantra


Baby Orajel


Babys Only Organic (Natures One)


Bach Flower Essences


Bacid


Back to Nature


Backaid


View more →






C








C20 Pure Coconut Water


Ca-Rezz


Cadia


Caf+¬ Altura


Cafix


Calagel


Calcet


Caldesene


California Natural


View more →






D








D's Naturals


D-Cal


D.O.C.


Daily Detox


Daiwa Health Development


DAIWA HEALTH DEVELOPMENT INC


Dakin's


Dancing Paws


Danisa


View more →






E








E-Cloth


E-Pharm


E.P.T.


Earplanes


Earseeds


Earth Balance


Earth Circle Organics


Earth Friendly


Earth Friendly baby


View more →





More BRANDS →










                        CATEGORIES
                    




Beauty Care Products








Bath Accessories


Cosmetics


Foot Care


Hair Care


Oral Care


Personal Care






Groceries








Aromatherapy


Beverages


Home and Garden






Health and Fitness








Books & Media


Detoxification


Diet and Weight Loss


Energy Support


Geriatric Support


Health Aids


Over-The-Counters (Otc)


Smoking Cessation Aids


Sports Nutrition






Pet Care Products








Pet Care Products






Vitamins and Supplements








5 HTP


7-Keto


Acerola


Acidophilus/Probiotics


Adrenal Support


Aging Support


Allergies/Sinus Support


Aloe


Alpha Lipoic Acid


View more →









                        BEST DEALS
                    







                        SHOP BY HERB
                    




A








acidophilus


Alfalfa


almonds


Aloe


Aloe vera


American Ginseng


amla


angelica dahurica


Angelica Species


View more →






B








Barberry


Basil


Bayberry


Bee Pollen


bergamot


Bilberry


Bitter Melon


Bitter Orange


black cherry


View more →






C








Calamus


Calendula Succus


California Poppy


Cardamom


Carrot Seed


Cascara


Cassia angustifolia


Cat's Claw


Catnip


View more →






D








Damiana


Dandelion


Devil's Club


Devils Claw


Dioscorea Villosa


Dong Quai






E








Echinacea


Elder Flower


Elderberry and Elder (berry) flowers and leaves


Elecampane


Emblica officinalis


Enzymes


Ephedra


Eyebright






F








Fennel


Fenugreek


Feverfew


Fo-Ti


Fringe Tree





More SHOP BY HERB →










                        SHOP BY VITAMIN
                    



A & D Vitamins


A Vitamins


B Complex


B Vitamins


B1 Vitamins / Thiamine


B12 Vitamins / Methylcobalamine


View more →






                        MY WISHLIST
                    







                        HEALTH INFO
                    




Health Info








Alternative Medicine


Health Library


Health Tools


Healthy Recipes


Ingredient Glossary


Featured Articles









                        EMAIL US
                    










 



 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 




 
 


 
 



 


                    
                                            Popular
                                        

                














Save 47%

DMSO Liquid 8 Oz




$12.74


















Save 39%

Hollywood Diet 48 Hour Diet 32 OZ EA




$13.37


















Save 15%

North American Herb & Spice Oil of Oregano (Organol - Regular Strength) 0.45 OZ




$25.49


















Save 61%

Naturally Vitamins Hep-Forte 500 Sftgls




$40.18


















Save 49%

Clear Products Clear Tinnitus 60 Caps




$11.29


















Save 5%

Bayer Campho-Phenique 0.23 oz




$4.57


















Save 41%

Wallys Natural Products All Natural Beeswax Candle Herbal, 2 Pack




$5.22


















Save 25%

PaleoPro Protein Powder Cocoa 1 lb




$29.91


















Save 40%

Wallys Natural Products All Natural Beeswax Candle HERBAL, 4 PACK




$9.74


















Save 15%

Condition 3-In-1 Maximum Hold Mousse 6 oz




$2.18


















Save 39%

Prelief Dietary Supplement 300 Caps




$19.72


















Save 20%

Abreva Panoxyl Acne Foaming Wash 5.5 oz




$8.81


















Save 39%

Natren Healthy Trinity Dairy Free, 60 CAP




$77.81


















Save 37%

Clearly Natural Glycerine Soap UNSCENTED SOAP, 4 OZ




$1.25


















Save 44%

Canus Goats Milk Goat's Milk Soap Original Scented 5 oz




$2.53












                    
                                            Bestsellers
                                        

                














Save 49%

Clear Products Clear Tinnitus 60 Caps




$11.29


















Save 39%

Hot Stuff (House of David) Hot Stuff Banana 3.22 lb




$42.87


















Save 45%

Now Foods Eucalyptus Oil 16 OZ




$18.20


















Save 61%

Naturally Vitamins Hep-Forte 500 Sftgls




$40.18


















Save 39%

Hollywood Diet 48 Hour Diet 32 OZ EA




$13.37


















Save 49%

Kroeger Herb Circu Flow 270 Caps




$17.73


















Save 39%

Prelief Dietary Supplement 300 Caps




$19.72


















Save 47%

DMSO Liquid 8 Oz




$12.74


















Save 39%

Natren Healthy Trinity Dairy Free, 60 CAP




$77.81


















Save 57%

Naturally Vitamins Formula 50 250 Softgels




$21.94


















Save 49%

Clear Products Clear Sinus & Ear Caps 60




$8.70


















Save 45%

Sunmark Decongestant Nose Drops Extra Strength 1 oz




$2.71


















Save 19%

Schick Injector Blades 7 each




$4.79


















Save 38%

Eidon Ionic Minerals Silica 18 oz




$12.33


















Save 38%

Health From The Sun Mygrastick 3 ml roll-on




$6.59












 
 


 
 

 
 




 
 

 
 




 


                    
                                            Top Brands
                                        

                


                                                         








 
 














































 


My account




Sign in
Create account






Extras




Shipping FAQs
Privacy Policy
Affiliates
Disclaimer
Links






Customer Service




Our Company
Sitemap
Terms & Conditions
Reviews
FAQs
Blog






Universal Herbs Inc.
1817 Addison Way
Hayward, CA 94544

+510-324-2900
+510-324-5300
support@herbspro.com






Subscribe








Email














































































Cyberspace Vita, Inc. Changes Name To Green Spirit Industries Inc. - TheStreet





























































 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 








































Cyberspace Vita, Inc. Changes Name To Green Spirit Industries Inc.






GlobeNewswire



Jun 20, 2017 8:50 AM EDT













 


















































 SAN JUAN, Puerto Rico, June 20, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Effective June 6, 2017, Cyberspace Vita, Inc. changed its name to Green Spirit Industries Inc. ("Green Spirit" or, the "Company"), and its common stock began trading under the ticker symbol "GSRX" .    The name and symbol change were done to better reflect the nature of Green Spirit's business operations following completion of a share exchange with Project 1493, LLC, a limited liability company organized under the laws of the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico ("Project 1493") on May 11, 2017, whereby Project 1493 became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Green Spirit (the "Share Exchange").  Green Spirit is in the business of acquiring, developing and operating medical marijuana dispensaries in Puerto Rico.  The Company is in the process of acquiring five (5) pre-approved medical marijuana dispensaries located in Puerto Rico.  These dispensaries are located in the following Puerto Rican cities: (1) Fajardo, which is a hub for boating and fishing and a launching port for nearby islands Vieques, Culebra, the U.S. Virgin Islands and the British Virgin Islands; (2) Carolina, a tourist center near Puerto Rico's international airport and home to top luxury hotels and casinos; (3) Dorado, an affluent residential area approximately 15 miles west of San Juan; (4) Miramar, an elegant and upscale neighborhood in the district of Santurce, San Juan; and (5) San Juan, the capital and largest city in Puerto Rico, and a major cruise destination port. The Company plans to acquire up to fifteen (15) additional dispensaries over the next 12 to 18 months. Simultaneously with the Share Exchange, Green Spirit conducted a private placement offering with selected accredited investors (the "Offering") whereby Green Spirit issued to the investors 8,461,538 shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per share, and three-year warrants to purchase up to 2,538,462 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $0.50 for total gross proceeds of $3,300,000.   



 








 































































 











Trending


Amazon Falls, Obamacare Repeal Fails - 5 Things You Must Know Before the Market Opens


These Are Our 3 Biggest Stories on Amazon's Bizarre Earnings Whiff


Tesla's Model 3 Arrives on Friday -- Here's Everything You Need to Know About This Over-Hyped Ride


I Believe 'Ugly' Would Be the Proper Term for the Selloff: Market Recon


Intel Blows Away Estimates -- Here Are 11 Photos Revealing How Company Is Shaping the Future











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 

















CYVA Stock Quote - Cyberspace-Vita-Inc Summary - Quicken® Investing Center







| Quicken
















 












Skip to main content






Quicken Logo




Quicken Logo








United StatesCanada

 



            Cart            



Sign InMy Account
Investment Portfolio

 









You are here









Loading... 












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft






























Cyberspace Vita Inc. Fundamental Company Report Including Financial, SWOT, Competitors and Industry Analysis

















































































ABOUT US
BLOG
CONTACT US
FAQ























USD
EUR
GBP



USD 
▼

USD
EUR
GBP






€
EUR
$
USD
£
GBP







+353-1-416-8900REST OF WORLD



1-800-526-8630U.S. (TOLL FREE)








 




Advanced








Price From: 
€487EUR$550USD£435GBP 
View Pricing






 Home
/






Categories
/






Company Reports











 
SELECT A FORMAT








€487EUR$550USD£435GBP



                                                        Single User
                                                         Electronic (PDF)






                                                                            
                                                                            This is a single user license, allowing one specific user access to the product. The report will be emailed to you.  The report is sent in PDF format. 

                                                










€655EUR$740USD£586GBP



 Hard Copy






                                                                            
                                                                             A printed copy of the report will be shipped to you. 

                                                










€974EUR$1,100USD£870GBP



                                                        Enterprisewide
                                                         Electronic (PDF)






                                                                            
                                                                            This is an enterprise license, allowing all employees within your organisation access to the product. The report will be emailed to you.  The report is sent in PDF format. 

                                                







  ADD TO BASKET




                                                                        order by fax
                                        

                                            need a quote ?
                                        



 

OUR CLIENTS












HAVE A QUESTION?
EMAIL US
VIEW FAQs



RECENTLY VIEWED PRODUCTS











Partner of Research and MarketsVACCINATING 40,000 CHILDREN IN 2017





WHY CHOOSE RESEARCH AND MARKETS?



WORLD'S LARGEST SELECTION




TRUSTED BY THE BEST




CUSTOMER FOCUSED




SAFE & SECURE







Thank you again for all of your help throughout the process of purchasing the US Osteoarthritis Market

                         Highlight - 2014 report.
I appreciate your promptness in responding to my emails and your sense of urgency.
                        
                    



                            READ MORE
                        


Frederique F Buntoum
Global Marketing Business Analyst
Bioventus LLC















Cyberspace Vita Inc. Fundamental Company Report Including Financial, SWOT, Competitors and Industry Analysis



ID: 4102529
Company Profile
February 2017
50 pages

Merchant Research and Consulting Ltd                                











DESCRIPTION


TABLE OF CONTENTS


FORMATS / FAQ







1 of 3








                            LOGIN TO ACCESS EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
                        



                            PRINTER FRIENDLY
                        



                            PRINTABLE PDF BROCHURE
                        

SEND TO A FRIEND






                                                                                Cyberspace Vita Inc. Fundamental Company Report provides a complete overview of the company’s affairs.The report includes financial and SWOT information, industry analysis, opinions, estimates, Cyberspace Vita Inc. annual and quarterly forecasts made by stock market experts. The report also enables direct comparison to be made between Cyberspace Vita Inc. and its competitors. This provides Clients with a clear understanding of Cyberspace Vita Inc. position in the Retail Industry.Scope:The report contains company’s profile and data about owners, senior executives, locations, subsidiaries, markets, products, and company history.The SWOT-analysis provides information about company’s strengths, weaknesses, opportunities, and possible threats against it.The report outlines the main financial ratios pertaining to profitability, margin analysis, asset turnover, credit ratios, and company’s long-term solvency.It also shows company’s income statement and ratio trend-charts, with balance sheets and cash flows presented on an annual and quarterly basis.Company’s financial ratios are directly compared with those of its competitors through industry averages.The report provides relevant news, an analysis of PR-activity, and stock price movements.The latter are correlated with pertinent news and press releases, and annual and quarterly forecasts are given by a variety of experts and market research firms.The report can be enriched with the following analyses (for additional charge):- Enhanced SWOT Analysis- PESTEL Analysis- Porter Five Forces Analysis- VRIO Analysis- IFE, EFE, IE Matrices
                                                                            

Note: Product cover images may vary from those shown




2 of 3







                            LOGIN TO ACCESS EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
                        



                            PRINTER FRIENDLY
                        



                            PRINTABLE PDF BROCHURE
                        

SEND TO A FRIEND






                                                                    RESEARCH METHODOLOGYDISCLAIMER1. CYBERSPACE VITA INC. COMPANY PROFILE1.1. Key facts1.2. Financial Performance1.3. Key Executives1.4. Ownership and Major Holders1.5. Company History2. CYBERSPACE VITA INC. BUSINESS OVERVIEW2.1. Business Description2.2. Major Products and Services2.3. Markets and Sales Activities2.4. Locations, Subsidiaries, Operating Units3. CYBERSPACE VITA INC. SWOT ANALYSIS3.1. Overview3.2. Strengths3.3. Weaknesses3.4. Opportunities3.5. Threats4. CYBERSPACE VITA INC. FINANCIAL ANALYSIS4.1. Financial Statements4.1.1. Income Statement4.1.2. Balance Sheet4.1.3. Cash Flow4.2. Financial Ratios4.2.1. Profitability4.2.2. Margin Analysis4.2.3. Asset Turnover4.2.4. Credit Ratios4.2.5. Long-Term Solvency4.2.6. Growth Over Prior Year4.2.7. Financial Ratios Charts4.3. Stock Market Snapshot5. CYBERSPACE VITA INC. COMPETITORS AND INDUSTRY ANALYSIS5.1. Cyberspace Vita Inc. Direct Competitors5.2. Comparison of Cyberspace Vita Inc. and Direct Competitors Financial Ratios5.3. Comparison of Cyberspace Vita Inc. and Direct Competitors Stock Charts5.4. Cyberspace Vita Inc. Industry Analysis5.4.1. Retail Industry Snapshot5.4.2. Cyberspace Vita Inc. Industry Position Analysis6. CYBERSPACE VITA INC. NEWS & EVENTS6.1. News & PR Activity Analysis6.2. IR Corporate News6.3. Marketing News6.4. Corporate Events- The report is to be delivered in 3-5 days after an order is placed.
                                                                
Note: Product cover images may vary from those shown




3 of 3





LOADING...







4 of 3






Note: Product cover images may vary from those shown








RELATED PRODUCTS 







DaVita Inc (DVA) - Financial and Strategic SWOT Analysis Review


 SWOT Analysis
March 2017




FROM


€111EUR$125USD£99GBP







Vita Group Limited (VTG) - Financial and Strategic SWOT Analysis Review


 SWOT Analysis
May 2017




FROM


€266EUR$300USD£237GBP







Vita Life Sciences Ltd. Fundamental Company Report Including Financial, SWOT, Competitors and Industry Analysis


 Company Profile
February 2017




FROM


€487EUR$550USD£435GBP







Vita Group Ltd. Fundamental Company Report Including Financial, SWOT, Competitors and Industry Analysis


 Company Profile
February 2017




FROM


€487EUR$550USD£435GBP







Vita 34 International AG Fundamental Company Report Including Financial, SWOT, Competitors and Industry Analysis


 Company Profile
February 2017
Region: Global




FROM


€487EUR$550USD£435GBP







DaVita Healthcare Partners Inc. - Strategy, SWOT and Corporate Finance Report


 SWOT Analysis
January 2017




FROM


€155EUR$175USD£138GBP







VITA 34 International AG (V3V) - Financial and Strategic SWOT Analysis Review


 SWOT Analysis
May 2017
Region: Global




FROM


€266EUR$300USD£237GBP







DaVita, Inc. Fundamental Company Report Including Financial, SWOT, Competitors and Industry Analysis


 Company Profile
February 2017




FROM


€487EUR$550USD£435GBP







Vita Life Sciences Ltd (VSC) - Financial and Strategic SWOT Analysis Review


 SWOT Analysis
May 2017




FROM


€266EUR$300USD£237GBP







DaVita HealthCare Partners Inc. (DVA) - Financial and Strategic SWOT Analysis Review


 SWOT Analysis
March 2016




FROM


€111EUR$125USD£99GBP








 close

Cyberspace Vita Inc. Fundamental Company Report Including Financial, SWOT, Competitors and Industry Analysis



 close

ASK A QUESTION

*Required Information
 
Product: Cyberspace Vita Inc. Fundamental Company Report Including Financial, SWOT, Competitors and Industry Analysis


YOUR QUESTION*







YOUR CONTACT DETAILS*

Title
Mr
Mrs
Dr
Miss
Ms
Prof




First Name




Last Name




Email Address




Country
Please Select
------------------------------
United States
United Kingdom
Germany
Canada
Australia
------------------------------
Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica-Casey
Antarctica-Scott
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Ascension Island
Ashmore and Cartier Islands
Atlantic East
Atlantic West
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Brazil
British Virgin Islands
Brunei
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burma
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Clipperton Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Croatia
Cuba
Curaco 
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Democratic Republic of Congo
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
East Timor
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Fiji Islands
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
Gabon
Gambia
Gaza Strip
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Israel
Italy
Ivory Coast
Ivory Coast (Cote d'Ivoire)
Jamaica
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kosovo
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte Islands
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Islands
North Korea
Northern Ireland
Northern Marianas
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestine
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Reunion
Romania
Russia
Rwanda
Saint Christopher Nevis
Saint Helena
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome
Saudi Arabia
Scotland
Senegal
Serbia
Serbia and Montenegro
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Sint Maarten
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
Tahiti
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vatican City (Holy See)
Venezuela
Vietnam
Virgin Islands
Wallis And Futuna
West Bank
West Indies
Western Sahara
Yemen
Yugoslavia
Zaire
Zambia
Zimbabwe




Phone Number



+1
+11
+1-242
+1-246
+1-264
+1-268
+1-284
+1-345
+1-441
+1-473
+1-649
+1-664
+1-670
+1-671
+1-684
+1-758
+1-767
+1-784
+1-787
+1-809
+1-868
+1-869
+1-876
+20
+212
+213
+216
+218
+220
+221
+222
+224
+225
+226
+227
+228
+229
+23
+230
+231
+232
+233
+234
+235
+236
+237
+238
+239
+240
+241
+242
+243
+244
+245
+247
+248
+249
+250
+251
+252
+253
+254
+255
+256
+257
+258
+260
+261
+263
+264
+265
+266
+267
+268
+269
+27
+284
+290
+291
+297
+298
+299
+30
+31
+32
+33
+34
+350
+351
+352
+353
+354
+355
+356
+357
+358
+359
+36
+370
+371
+372
+373
+374
+375
+376
+377
+378
+379
+380
+381
+382
+385
+386
+387
+389
+39
+40
+41
+420
+421
+423
+43
+44
+45
+46
+47
+48
+49
+500
+501
+502
+503
+504
+505
+506
+507
+509
+51
+52
+53
+54
+55
+56
+57
+58
+590
+591
+592
+593
+594
+595
+596
+597
+598
+599
+60
+61
+6101
+62
+63
+64
+65
+66
+670
+672
+673
+674
+675
+677
+678
+679
+680
+681
+682
+683
+685
+686
+687
+688
+689
+691
+692
+7
+81
+82
+84
+850
+852
+853
+855
+856
+86
+869
+871
+874
+880
+886
+90
+91
+92
+93
+94
+95
+960
+961
+962
+963
+964
+965
+966
+967
+968
+970
+971
+972
+973
+974
+975
+976
+977
+98
+992
+993
+994
+995
+996
+998












We request your telephone number so we can contact you in the event we have difficulty reaching you via email.
                    We aim to respond to all questions on the same business day.





 



 close

SEND TO A FRIEND

* Required Information
 FRIEND'S DETAILS

Full Name*




Email Address*




Message to friend




YOUR CONTACT DETAILS

Full Name*




Email Address*













 


 close

Request a Quote

 
Please complete the below form and click "send request" to obtain a pdf quotation and order form.
This document will be available for immediate download and will also be emailed to you.
            
* Required Information


YOUR ADDRESS

Address 1*




Address 2




Address 3




City*




Postal/ZIP Code




Country*
Please Select
------------------------------
United States
United Kingdom
Germany
Canada
Australia
------------------------------
Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica-Casey
Antarctica-Scott
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Ascension Island
Ashmore and Cartier Islands
Atlantic East
Atlantic West
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Brazil
British Virgin Islands
Brunei
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burma
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Clipperton Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Croatia
Cuba
Curaco 
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Democratic Republic of Congo
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
East Timor
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Fiji Islands
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
Gabon
Gambia
Gaza Strip
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Israel
Italy
Ivory Coast
Ivory Coast (Cote d'Ivoire)
Jamaica
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kosovo
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte Islands
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Islands
North Korea
Northern Ireland
Northern Marianas
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestine
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Reunion
Romania
Russia
Rwanda
Saint Christopher Nevis
Saint Helena
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome
Saudi Arabia
Scotland
Senegal
Serbia
Serbia and Montenegro
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Sint Maarten
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
Tahiti
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vatican City (Holy See)
Venezuela
Vietnam
Virgin Islands
Wallis And Futuna
West Bank
West Indies
Western Sahara
Yemen
Yugoslavia
Zaire
Zambia
Zimbabwe




State





YOUR DETAILS

Title*
Mr
Mrs
Dr
Miss
Ms
Prof




First Name*




Last Name*




Organisation*




Email Address*




Phone Number*



+1
+11
+1-242
+1-246
+1-264
+1-268
+1-284
+1-345
+1-441
+1-473
+1-649
+1-664
+1-670
+1-671
+1-684
+1-758
+1-767
+1-784
+1-787
+1-809
+1-868
+1-869
+1-876
+20
+212
+213
+216
+218
+220
+221
+222
+224
+225
+226
+227
+228
+229
+23
+230
+231
+232
+233
+234
+235
+236
+237
+238
+239
+240
+241
+242
+243
+244
+245
+247
+248
+249
+250
+251
+252
+253
+254
+255
+256
+257
+258
+260
+261
+263
+264
+265
+266
+267
+268
+269
+27
+284
+290
+291
+297
+298
+299
+30
+31
+32
+33
+34
+350
+351
+352
+353
+354
+355
+356
+357
+358
+359
+36
+370
+371
+372
+373
+374
+375
+376
+377
+378
+379
+380
+381
+382
+385
+386
+387
+389
+39
+40
+41
+420
+421
+423
+43
+44
+45
+46
+47
+48
+49
+500
+501
+502
+503
+504
+505
+506
+507
+509
+51
+52
+53
+54
+55
+56
+57
+58
+590
+591
+592
+593
+594
+595
+596
+597
+598
+599
+60
+61
+6101
+62
+63
+64
+65
+66
+670
+672
+673
+674
+675
+677
+678
+679
+680
+681
+682
+683
+685
+686
+687
+688
+689
+691
+692
+7
+81
+82
+84
+850
+852
+853
+855
+856
+86
+869
+871
+874
+880
+886
+90
+91
+92
+93
+94
+95
+960
+961
+962
+963
+964
+965
+966
+967
+968
+970
+971
+972
+973
+974
+975
+976
+977
+98
+992
+993
+994
+995
+996
+998











                                PO Number
                                (if applicable)







PRODUCT FORMAT




License
Format
Properties
Price




 
SINGLE USER Electronic (PDF)                                                



                                            The report will be emailed to you.  The report is sent in PDF format. 
                                        

                                            This is a single user license, allowing one specific user access to the product.
                                        

€487EUR$550USD£435GBP





 
Hard Copy                                                



                                            A printed copy of the report will be shipped to you. 
                                        



€655EUR$740USD£586GBP





 
ENTERPRISEWIDE Electronic (PDF)                                                



                                            The report will be emailed to you.  The report is sent in PDF format. 
                                        

                                            This is an enterprise license, allowing all employees within your organisation access to the product.
                                        

€974EUR$1,100USD£870GBP







* The price quoted above is only valid for 30 days. Please submit your order within that time frame to avail of this price as all prices are subject to change.





 
























Shop By Vitamin: Vitamins on Herbspro




















 








Phone: 1-866-915-5300 |   Email Us




Languages




English


Arabic


Chinese


French


German


Italian


Japanese


Korean


Portuguese


Spanish










 






























Cart is empty






Cart is empty



View cart


Checkout








 
        My Account






Orders
Wish listFax Order





Track my order(s)

Track my order(s)







Sign inRegister






 




Menu






                        HOME
                    



                        BRANDS
                    



#







1 Up Nutrition


21st Century


22 Days Nutrition


2nd Skin


3 Green Dogs Vitamins


360 Cut


3B Bags


3M


4 Dimension Nutrition


View more →





A







A & D


A La Maison


A To B Calm


A&Z Pharmaceutical


ABB


Abbott Nutrition


abn


About Time


Abra Therapeutics


View more →





B







B-F-I


Babo Botanicals


Baby Mantra


Baby Orajel


Babys Only Organic (Natures One)


Bach Flower Essences


Bacid


Back to Nature


Backaid


View more →





C







C20 Pure Coconut Water


Ca-Rezz


Cadia


Caf+¬ Altura


Cafix


Calagel


Calcet


Caldesene


California Natural


View more →





D







D's Naturals


D-Cal


D.O.C.


Daily Detox


Daiwa Health Development


DAIWA HEALTH DEVELOPMENT INC


Dakin's


Dancing Paws


Danisa


View more →





E







E-Cloth


E-Pharm


E.P.T.


Earplanes


Earseeds


Earth Balance


Earth Circle Organics


Earth Friendly


Earth Friendly baby


View more →




More BRANDS →





                        CATEGORIES
                    



Beauty Care Products







Bath Accessories


Cosmetics


Foot Care


Hair Care


Oral Care


Personal Care





Groceries







Aromatherapy


Beverages


Home and Garden





Health and Fitness







Books & Media


Detoxification


Diet and Weight Loss


Energy Support


Geriatric Support


Health Aids


Over-The-Counters (Otc)


Smoking Cessation Aids


Sports Nutrition





Pet Care Products







Pet Care Products





Vitamins and Supplements







5 HTP


7-Keto


Acerola


Acidophilus/Probiotics


Adrenal Support


Aging Support


Allergies/Sinus Support


Aloe


Alpha Lipoic Acid


View more →







                        BEST DEALS
                    



                        SHOP BY HERB
                    



A







acidophilus


Alfalfa


almonds


Aloe


Aloe vera


American Ginseng


amla


angelica dahurica


Angelica Species


View more →





B







Barberry


Basil


Bayberry


Bee Pollen


bergamot


Bilberry


Bitter Melon


Bitter Orange


black cherry


View more →





C







Calamus


Calendula Succus


California Poppy


Cardamom


Carrot Seed


Cascara


Cassia angustifolia


Cat's Claw


Catnip


View more →





D







Damiana


Dandelion


Devil's Club


Devils Claw


Dioscorea Villosa


Dong Quai





E







Echinacea


Elder Flower


Elderberry and Elder (berry) flowers and leaves


Elecampane


Emblica officinalis


Enzymes


Ephedra


Eyebright





F







Fennel


Fenugreek


Feverfew


Fo-Ti


Fringe Tree




More SHOP BY HERB →





                        SHOP BY VITAMIN
                    




A & D Vitamins


A Vitamins


B Complex


B Vitamins


B1 Vitamins / Thiamine


B12 Vitamins / Methylcobalamine


View more →







                        MY WISHLIST
                    



                        HEALTH INFO
                    



Health Info







Alternative Medicine


Health Library


Health Tools


Healthy Recipes


Ingredient Glossary


Featured Articles







                        EMAIL US
                    








                        HOME
                    







                        BRANDS
                    




#








1 Up Nutrition


21st Century


22 Days Nutrition


2nd Skin


3 Green Dogs Vitamins


360 Cut


3B Bags


3M


4 Dimension Nutrition


View more →






A








A & D


A La Maison


A To B Calm


A&Z Pharmaceutical


ABB


Abbott Nutrition


abn


About Time


Abra Therapeutics


View more →






B








B-F-I


Babo Botanicals


Baby Mantra


Baby Orajel


Babys Only Organic (Natures One)


Bach Flower Essences


Bacid


Back to Nature


Backaid


View more →






C








C20 Pure Coconut Water


Ca-Rezz


Cadia


Caf+¬ Altura


Cafix


Calagel


Calcet


Caldesene


California Natural


View more →






D








D's Naturals


D-Cal


D.O.C.


Daily Detox


Daiwa Health Development


DAIWA HEALTH DEVELOPMENT INC


Dakin's


Dancing Paws


Danisa


View more →






E








E-Cloth


E-Pharm


E.P.T.


Earplanes


Earseeds


Earth Balance


Earth Circle Organics


Earth Friendly


Earth Friendly baby


View more →





More BRANDS →










                        CATEGORIES
                    




Beauty Care Products








Bath Accessories


Cosmetics


Foot Care


Hair Care


Oral Care


Personal Care






Groceries








Aromatherapy


Beverages


Home and Garden






Health and Fitness








Books & Media


Detoxification


Diet and Weight Loss


Energy Support


Geriatric Support


Health Aids


Over-The-Counters (Otc)


Smoking Cessation Aids


Sports Nutrition






Pet Care Products








Pet Care Products






Vitamins and Supplements








5 HTP


7-Keto


Acerola


Acidophilus/Probiotics


Adrenal Support


Aging Support


Allergies/Sinus Support


Aloe


Alpha Lipoic Acid


View more →









                        BEST DEALS
                    







                        SHOP BY HERB
                    




A








acidophilus


Alfalfa


almonds


Aloe


Aloe vera


American Ginseng


amla


angelica dahurica


Angelica Species


View more →






B








Barberry


Basil


Bayberry


Bee Pollen


bergamot


Bilberry


Bitter Melon


Bitter Orange


black cherry


View more →






C








Calamus


Calendula Succus


California Poppy


Cardamom


Carrot Seed


Cascara


Cassia angustifolia


Cat's Claw


Catnip


View more →






D








Damiana


Dandelion


Devil's Club


Devils Claw


Dioscorea Villosa


Dong Quai






E








Echinacea


Elder Flower


Elderberry and Elder (berry) flowers and leaves


Elecampane


Emblica officinalis


Enzymes


Ephedra


Eyebright






F








Fennel


Fenugreek


Feverfew


Fo-Ti


Fringe Tree





More SHOP BY HERB →










                        SHOP BY VITAMIN
                    



A & D Vitamins


A Vitamins


B Complex


B Vitamins


B1 Vitamins / Thiamine


B12 Vitamins / Methylcobalamine


View more →






                        MY WISHLIST
                    







                        HEALTH INFO
                    




Health Info








Alternative Medicine


Health Library


Health Tools


Healthy Recipes


Ingredient Glossary


Featured Articles









                        EMAIL US
                    










 


HomeShop By Vitamin




 


Refine







Free Shipping







Free shipping


No items found matching the search criteria





In Stock







Availability


No items found matching the search criteria





Price





    $
    
    
     – 
    $
    


$0
$292







 Reset











A & D Vitamins




A Vitamins




B Complex




B Vitamins




B1 Vitamins / Thiamine




B12 Vitamins / Methylcobalamine




B2 Vitamins / Riboflavin




B6 Vitamins / Pyridoxine




Biotin




C Vitamins




D Vitamins




E Vitamins




Folic Acid




Inositol & Choline




K Vitamins




MultiVitamins




Niacin / Niacinamide




Other Vitamins Products




Vitamins



















Sort by Popularity


No sorting


Newest Items First


Sort Alphabetically: A to Z


Sort Alphabetically: Z to A


Sort by Price: Low to High


Sort by Price: High to Low


Sort by Popularity: Low to High




24 Per Page


16 Per Page


32 Per Page


64 Per Page


128 Per Page














Save 5%











One-A-Day Menopause Formula Complete Women's Multivitamin 50 tabs



$18.67




$17.79





            

        One-A-Day
        


 Multivitamin or Multimineral SupplementComplete Multivitamin Plus Soy IsoFlavones Formulated to Helps*:       Reduce Daytime Plus Nighttime Hot Flashes  Address Mild Mood Changes  Supports Energy Plus Healthy Skin    








Quantity: 
+

−











Add to cart
Add to Wishlist
















Save 9%











Stresstabs High Potency Stress Formula Advanced Tablets 60 tabs



$9.67




$8.84





            

        Stresstabs
        


Dietary SupplementAdvanced 24 hour Immune Support*Helps Manage Occasional StressReplenishes Key Nutrients








Quantity: 
+

−











Add to cart
Add to Wishlist
















Save 25%


















Twinlab Choline Cocktail 13.33 oz



$28.99




$21.74





            

        Twinlab
        


 Considered as Dietary SupplementEnergy Supplement with DMAE & Ginkgo Biloba 








Quantity: 
+

−











Add to cart
Add to Wishlist
















Save 49%


















Natrol Biotin 100 tab



$16.99




$8.69





            

        Natrol
        


100% VegetarianConsidered as Dietary SupplementPromotes Healthy Hair and Strong NailsSupports Cellular Energy Production








Quantity: 
+

−











Add to cart
Add to Wishlist
















Save 40%











New Chapter Coenzyme B Food Complex 90 Tabs



$74.95




$44.97





            

        New Chapter
        


B Vitamins in a Highly Active Form Considered as Dietary SupplementMulti B Vitamin Complex Activated with All Cofactors and CoenzymesNourishing Support for Metabolic and Nervous System Function








Quantity: 
+

−











Add to cart
Add to Wishlist
















Save 22%


















Aquadeks Nutritional Supplement Softgels 60 sgels



$49.81




$39.03





            

        Aquadeks
        


For Optimum Absorption*Antioxidant*Multivitamin and Mineral Supplement 

















Out of stock
Add to Wishlist
















Save 17%


















Nature's Way Alive Women's 50 Plus Multivitamin - Multimineral   50 tabs



$10.99




$9.11





            

        Nature's Way
        



Dietary Supplement
New & Improved Formula
Complete Multi-Vitamin
Made With 26 Fruits & Vegetables
High Potency B-Vitamin For Energy*    










Quantity: 
+

−











Add to cart
Add to Wishlist
















Save 17%


















Aquadeks Chewable Tablets Multi-Vitamins And Mineral Supplement 60 tabs



$47.52




$39.60





            

        Aquadeks
        


For Optimum AbsorptionMultivitamin and Mineral Supplement








Quantity: 
+

−











Add to cart
Add to Wishlist
















Save 46%


















All-One (Nutri-Tech) Liquid Life Complete Nutrition 32 Oz



$31.99




$17.22





            

        All-One (Nutri-Tech)
        


156 NutrientsCertified VeganComplete NutritionConsidered as Dietary SupplementDeliciousGluten FreeNatural FlavorSuper Multivitamin Blend

















Out of stock
Add to Wishlist
















Save 17%











Vitafusion Prenatal Dha And Folic Acid Gummy Vitamins 90 each



$12.40




$10.27





            

        Vitafusion
        


 Dietary       Supplement DHA       & Folic Acid

















Out of stock
Add to Wishlist
















Save 49%


















Now Foods Vitamin D3 10,000 IU 120 Softgels



$16.99




$8.72





            

        Now Foods
        


  A Dietary Supplement  Highest Potency  Structural Support* Helps Maintain Strong Bones* Supports Immune System* GMP Quality Assured 








Quantity: 
+

−











Add to cart
Add to Wishlist
















Save 40%


















Sublingual B Total Energy Liquid 2 oz



$13.39




$8.08





            

        Sublingual
        


A Vitamin SupplementDelicious Fruit FlavorEasy to Take LiquidFast Acting FormulaGet the B12 BoostLiquid EnergyNewNo Tablets to Swallow Now with Folic Acid!Special Value Twin Pack The B-Complex Vitamins with Extra B12

















Out of stock
Add to Wishlist
















Save 5%











One-A-Day Women's Multivitamin Multimineral Supplement 60 tabs



$7.54




$7.19





            

        One-A-Day
        


A complete multivitamin with more of what matters to women. Bone strength and breast health are not just issues for older women. You can start to lose bone mass as early as your 30s and you need to monitor your breast health as early as possible. One A Day Womens is a complete multivitamin specially formulated for leading health needs of women. It contains a high level of calcium to promote strong bones and more** vitamin D than Centrum Ultra Womens to support breast health. Emerging research su








Quantity: 
+

−











Add to cart
Add to Wishlist
















Save 45%


















Uptime Original Energy Blend 60 CP EA



$16.19




$8.90





            

        Uptime
        


 
New Look
Energy Supplement
Since 1985
Fast + Balanced + Lasting*



















Out of stock
Add to Wishlist
















Save 45%











Nature's Way Alive Once Daily Women's 50 Plus 60 Tabs 



$25.99




$14.25





            

        Nature's Way
        


26 Fruits & VegetablesAntioxidantsConsidered as Dietary SupplementEnzymesGreen FoodsLuteinMushroomsNewResveratrol








Quantity: 
+

−











Add to cart
Add to Wishlist
















Save 17%











Nature's Bounty Biotin 100 tabs



$9.19




$7.67





            

        Nature's Bounty
        


Coated For Easy SwallowingGuaranteed QualityHealthy EarthHealthy YouHigh PotencyLaboratory Tested  Promotes Carbohydrate, Protein & Fat MetabolismVitamin Supplement

















Out of stock
Add to Wishlist
















Save 42%


















Jarrow Formulas Methyl B-12 1000 mcg 100 Lozenges



$11.95




$6.99





            

        Jarrow Formulas
        


Considered as Dietary SupplementProtects Brain Cells and Nerve Tissue Suitable for Vegetarians/Vegans Suitable for Vegetarians/VegansThe Superior Form of B12: MethylcobalaminVegan








Quantity: 
+

−











Add to cart
Add to Wishlist
















Save 27%











Garden of Life Vitamin Code  RAW Prenatal 30 caps



$22.99




$16.82





            

        Garden of Life
        


1,400 IU Vitamin D for Optimal Dietary Calcium Absorption800 mcg of FolateAlgaeCal Raw Clinical StrengthGinger for Morning Sickness Probiotic Immune System Support for TwoRaw Beyond Vitamins & MineralsRaw Food Dietary SupplementRaw Iron - Easy on The StomachRaw Vitamins & MineralsVegetarian · Gluten Free · Dairy FreeWhole Food Nutritional Support for Mom & Baby








Quantity: 
+

−











Add to cart
Add to Wishlist















Save 47%


















Nature's Way Vitamin A SOFTGEL, 100CAP



$6.99




$3.72





            

        Nature's Way
        


Cellular IntegrityCertified PotencyConsidered as Dietary SupplementNatural SourcePremium Quality








Quantity: 
+

−











Add to cart
Add to Wishlist
















Save 40%











Natural Vitality Organic Life Vitamins 30 oz



$36.95




$22.17





            

        Natural Vitality
        


Considered as Dietary SupplementLife Nutrified!Made with Organic Ingredients








Quantity: 
+

−











Add to cart
Add to Wishlist
















Save 42%


















California Natural Pick Me Up Vitamin 60 Tabs



$7.79




$4.55





            

        California Natural
        


 Herbal Vitamin SupplementLaboratory Tested and ApprovedPotency GuaranteedSpecial Formula 

















Out of stock
Add to Wishlist
















Save 51%











American Health More Than A Multiple Whole Food Concentrates 120 Tabs



$32.99




$16.24





            

        American Health
        


8 Hour Timed ReleaseConsidered as Dietary SupplementLipoic AcidsLutein & Lycopene Omega 3 & 6 LipidsWhole Food Concentrates

















Out of stock
Add to Wishlist
















Save 11%


















Nature's Way Alive! Women's Gummy Vitamins Delicious  Fruit Flavors 60 Gummies



$10.99




$9.78





            

        Nature's Way
        


 Premium Formula No Gelatin Gluten Free Multi-Vitamin Multi-Mineral Supplement Full B-Complex Bone + Breast Support*     








Quantity: 
+

−











Add to cart
Add to Wishlist
















Save 5%











Centrum Silver Multivitamin And Multimineral Tablets For 50+ Adults 150 tabs



$18.06




$17.20





            

        Centrum
        


Broad spectrum nutrients to help protect your health as you age.* *This statement has not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration. This product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any disease.








Quantity: 
+

−











Add to cart
Add to Wishlist







 Prev

1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8

Next 
2 - 16










 
 














































 


My account




Sign in
Create account






Extras




Shipping FAQs
Privacy Policy
Affiliates
Disclaimer
Links






Customer Service




Our Company
Sitemap
Terms & Conditions
Reviews
FAQs
Blog






Universal Herbs Inc.
1817 Addison Way
Hayward, CA 94544

+510-324-2900
+510-324-5300
support@herbspro.com






Subscribe








Email






































































Shop By Herb: Herbs on Herbspro




















 








Phone: 1-866-915-5300 |   Email Us




Languages




English


Arabic


Chinese


French


German


Italian


Japanese


Korean


Portuguese


Spanish










 






























Cart is empty






Cart is empty



View cart


Checkout








 
        My Account






Orders
Wish listFax Order





Track my order(s)

Track my order(s)







Sign inRegister






 




Menu






                        HOME
                    



                        BRANDS
                    



#







1 Up Nutrition


21st Century


22 Days Nutrition


2nd Skin


3 Green Dogs Vitamins


360 Cut


3B Bags


3M


4 Dimension Nutrition


View more →





A







A & D


A La Maison


A To B Calm


A&Z Pharmaceutical


ABB


Abbott Nutrition


abn


About Time


Abra Therapeutics


View more →





B







B-F-I


Babo Botanicals


Baby Mantra


Baby Orajel


Babys Only Organic (Natures One)


Bach Flower Essences


Bacid


Back to Nature


Backaid


View more →





C







C20 Pure Coconut Water


Ca-Rezz


Cadia


Caf+¬ Altura


Cafix


Calagel


Calcet


Caldesene


California Natural


View more →





D







D's Naturals


D-Cal


D.O.C.


Daily Detox


Daiwa Health Development


DAIWA HEALTH DEVELOPMENT INC


Dakin's


Dancing Paws


Danisa


View more →





E







E-Cloth


E-Pharm


E.P.T.


Earplanes


Earseeds


Earth Balance


Earth Circle Organics


Earth Friendly


Earth Friendly baby


View more →




More BRANDS →





                        CATEGORIES
                    



Beauty Care Products







Bath Accessories


Cosmetics


Foot Care


Hair Care


Oral Care


Personal Care





Groceries







Aromatherapy


Beverages


Home and Garden





Health and Fitness







Books & Media


Detoxification


Diet and Weight Loss


Energy Support


Geriatric Support


Health Aids


Over-The-Counters (Otc)


Smoking Cessation Aids


Sports Nutrition





Pet Care Products







Pet Care Products





Vitamins and Supplements







5 HTP


7-Keto


Acerola


Acidophilus/Probiotics


Adrenal Support


Aging Support


Allergies/Sinus Support


Aloe


Alpha Lipoic Acid


View more →







                        BEST DEALS
                    



                        SHOP BY HERB
                    



A







acidophilus


Alfalfa


almonds


Aloe


Aloe vera


American Ginseng


amla


angelica dahurica


Angelica Species


View more →





B







Barberry


Basil


Bayberry


Bee Pollen


bergamot


Bilberry


Bitter Melon


Bitter Orange


black cherry


View more →





C







Calamus


Calendula Succus


California Poppy


Cardamom


Carrot Seed


Cascara


Cassia angustifolia


Cat's Claw


Catnip


View more →





D







Damiana


Dandelion


Devil's Club


Devils Claw


Dioscorea Villosa


Dong Quai





E







Echinacea


Elder Flower


Elderberry and Elder (berry) flowers and leaves


Elecampane


Emblica officinalis


Enzymes


Ephedra


Eyebright





F







Fennel


Fenugreek


Feverfew


Fo-Ti


Fringe Tree




More SHOP BY HERB →





                        SHOP BY VITAMIN
                    




A & D Vitamins


A Vitamins


B Complex


B Vitamins


B1 Vitamins / Thiamine


B12 Vitamins / Methylcobalamine


View more →







                        MY WISHLIST
                    



                        HEALTH INFO
                    



Health Info







Alternative Medicine


Health Library


Health Tools


Healthy Recipes


Ingredient Glossary


Featured Articles







                        EMAIL US
                    








                        HOME
                    







                        BRANDS
                    




#








1 Up Nutrition


21st Century


22 Days Nutrition


2nd Skin


3 Green Dogs Vitamins


360 Cut


3B Bags


3M


4 Dimension Nutrition


View more →






A








A & D


A La Maison


A To B Calm


A&Z Pharmaceutical


ABB


Abbott Nutrition


abn


About Time


Abra Therapeutics


View more →






B








B-F-I


Babo Botanicals


Baby Mantra


Baby Orajel


Babys Only Organic (Natures One)


Bach Flower Essences


Bacid


Back to Nature


Backaid


View more →






C








C20 Pure Coconut Water


Ca-Rezz


Cadia


Caf+¬ Altura


Cafix


Calagel


Calcet


Caldesene


California Natural


View more →






D








D's Naturals


D-Cal


D.O.C.


Daily Detox


Daiwa Health Development


DAIWA HEALTH DEVELOPMENT INC


Dakin's


Dancing Paws


Danisa


View more →






E








E-Cloth


E-Pharm


E.P.T.


Earplanes


Earseeds


Earth Balance


Earth Circle Organics


Earth Friendly


Earth Friendly baby


View more →





More BRANDS →










                        CATEGORIES
                    




Beauty Care Products








Bath Accessories


Cosmetics


Foot Care


Hair Care


Oral Care


Personal Care






Groceries








Aromatherapy


Beverages


Home and Garden






Health and Fitness








Books & Media


Detoxification


Diet and Weight Loss


Energy Support


Geriatric Support


Health Aids


Over-The-Counters (Otc)


Smoking Cessation Aids


Sports Nutrition






Pet Care Products








Pet Care Products






Vitamins and Supplements








5 HTP


7-Keto


Acerola


Acidophilus/Probiotics


Adrenal Support


Aging Support


Allergies/Sinus Support


Aloe


Alpha Lipoic Acid


View more →









                        BEST DEALS
                    







                        SHOP BY HERB
                    




A








acidophilus


Alfalfa


almonds


Aloe


Aloe vera


American Ginseng


amla


angelica dahurica


Angelica Species


View more →






B








Barberry


Basil


Bayberry


Bee Pollen


bergamot


Bilberry


Bitter Melon


Bitter Orange


black cherry


View more →






C








Calamus


Calendula Succus


California Poppy


Cardamom


Carrot Seed


Cascara


Cassia angustifolia


Cat's Claw


Catnip


View more →






D








Damiana


Dandelion


Devil's Club


Devils Claw


Dioscorea Villosa


Dong Quai






E








Echinacea


Elder Flower


Elderberry and Elder (berry) flowers and leaves


Elecampane


Emblica officinalis


Enzymes


Ephedra


Eyebright






F








Fennel


Fenugreek


Feverfew


Fo-Ti


Fringe Tree





More SHOP BY HERB →










                        SHOP BY VITAMIN
                    



A & D Vitamins


A Vitamins


B Complex


B Vitamins


B1 Vitamins / Thiamine


B12 Vitamins / Methylcobalamine


View more →






                        MY WISHLIST
                    







                        HEALTH INFO
                    




Health Info








Alternative Medicine


Health Library


Health Tools


Healthy Recipes


Ingredient Glossary


Featured Articles









                        EMAIL US
                    










 


HomeShop By Herb




 


Refine







Free Shipping







Free shipping


No items found matching the search criteria





In Stock







Availability


No items found matching the search criteria





Price





    $
    
    
     – 
    $
    


$1
$230







 Reset











A




B




C




D




E




F




G




H




J




K




L




M




N




O




P




Q




R




S




T




U




V




W




Y




Z



















Sort by Popularity


No sorting


Newest Items First


Sort Alphabetically: A to Z


Sort Alphabetically: Z to A


Sort by Price: Low to High


Sort by Price: High to Low


Sort by Popularity: Low to High




24 Per Page


16 Per Page


32 Per Page


64 Per Page


128 Per Page














Save 49%


















Clear Products Clear Tinnitus 60 Caps



$21.99




$11.29





            

        Clear Products
        


The Original
Gluten & Lactose Free 
Homeopathic Formula 









Quantity: 
+

−











Add to cart
Add to Wishlist
















Save 36%


















Sage Spirit Smudge Wand Sage/cedar, 1 Pack



$4.75




$3.05





            

        Sage Spirit
        


(Smudge Wand Sage/Cedar by Sage Spirit)

















Out of stock
Add to Wishlist
















Save 36%











Sage Spirit Smudge Wand Sage/sweetgrass 



$4.75




$3.05





            

        Sage Spirit
        


(Smudge Wand Sage/Sweetgrass by Sage Spirit)

















Out of stock
Add to Wishlist
















Save 57%


















Naturally Vitamins Formula 50 250 Softgels



$50.95




$21.94





            

        Naturally Vitamins
        


 Dietary Supplement
Support for Hair & Nails*









Quantity: 
+

−











Add to cart
Add to Wishlist
















Save 30%


















Almased Multi Protein Powder 17.6OZ



$39.95




$27.97





            

        Almased
        


 Dietary Supplement
Diabetic Friendly
Low Glycemic Index: 27
All Natural
Unique Fermentation Process
Soy + Yogurt + Honey
Low Glycemic Index 27
Speeds Up and Improves Your Metabolism*









Quantity: 
+

−











Add to cart
Add to Wishlist
















Save 49%


















Kroeger Herb Circu Flow 270 Caps



$34.99




$17.73





            

        Kroeger Herb
        


A One Month ProgramConsidered as Dietary SupplementHelps Maintain cardiovascular function and healthy circulatory system.The Heart of Herbal Health

















Out of stock
Add to Wishlist
















Save 39%


















Hot Stuff (House of David) Hot Stuff Banana 3.22 lb



$69.95




$42.87





            

        Hot Stuff (House of David)
        


 80 g Protein Per 2 ServingsConsidered as Dietary SupplementContains 55 Popular Bodybuilding Supplements! 








Quantity: 
+

−











Add to cart
Add to Wishlist
















Save 36%











Sage Spirit Smudge Wand Sage/copal 5



$4.75




$3.05





            

        Sage Spirit
        


(Smudge Wand Sage/Copal by Sage Spirit)

















Out of stock
Add to Wishlist
















Save 49%


















Clear Products Clear Sinus & Ear Caps 60



$16.99




$8.70





            

        Clear Products
        


All NaturalHomeopathic / Herbal FormulaNo Side EffectsNon-DrowsyNon-Habit FormingSinus Congestion ReliefThe Original








Quantity: 
+

−











Add to cart
Add to Wishlist
















Save 38%


















Health From The Sun Mygrastick 3 ml roll-on



$10.59




$6.59





            

        Health From The Sun
        


 100% Pure and Natural Essential Oils,/li>
cooling Relaxations
Massage Effect
the Natural and Fast-Acting Way to Refresh and Relax









Quantity: 
+

−











Add to cart
Add to Wishlist
















Save 20%


















Twinlab Yeast Fighters 75 Caps



$13.34




$10.67





            

        Twinlab
        


Considered as Dietary SupplementExtra Strength Biotin Capsule Concentrate








Quantity: 
+

−











Add to cart
Add to Wishlist
















Save 25%


















Twinlab Choline Cocktail 13.33 oz



$28.99




$21.74





            

        Twinlab
        


 Considered as Dietary SupplementEnergy Supplement with DMAE & Ginkgo Biloba 








Quantity: 
+

−











Add to cart
Add to Wishlist
















Save 32%


















American Biosciences (Immpower) DGP Dog Gone Pain Mobility & Flex for dogs 60 Tabs



$39.95




$27.20





            

        American Biosciences (Immpower)
        


60 Great Tasting Chewable Tablets
All Natural
New & Improved
Supports Mobility & Flexibility*









Quantity: 
+

−











Add to cart
Add to Wishlist
















Save 50%


















Nature's Way Vitex 400 mg 100 Caps



$8.49




$4.22





            

        Nature's Way
        


Dietary Supplement
Premium Herbal
Veg3etarian Capsules
Fruit









Quantity: 
+

−











Add to cart
Add to Wishlist
















Save 38%


















Alvera Deodorant Roll-on Aloe Almond ALMOND, 3 OZ



$4.95




$3.09





            

        Alvera
        


All Natural Safe & Effective








Quantity: 
+

−











Add to cart
Add to Wishlist
















Save 49%


















Natural Sources Raw Thyroid 90 Caps



$27.75




$14.16





            

        Natural Sources
        


Considered as Dietary SupplementNew Easy to Digest Capsules Raw* Thyroid Glandular Concentrate with Synergistic Complex








Quantity: 
+

−











Add to cart
Add to Wishlist
















Save 36%











Sage Spirit Smudge Wand Sage/lavender 5



$4.75




$3.05





            

        Sage Spirit
        


(Smudge Wand Sage/Lavender by Sage Spirit)

















Out of stock
Add to Wishlist
















Save 37%











Clearly Natural Aloe Vera Soap 4 OZ EA



$1.99




$1.25





            

        Clearly Natural
        


A Luxurious Blend of Essential Oils and Natural Vegetable Glycerine BiodegradableClean the WorldCruelty-FreeHypo-AllergenicSoap Saves Lives!








Quantity: 
+

−











Add to cart
Add to Wishlist
















Save 34%


















Boericke & Tafel Oral Ivy Liquid 1 fl oz



$13.49




$8.87





            

        Boericke & Tafel
        


Natural Homeopathic
70% Alcohol

















Out of stock
Add to Wishlist
















Save 38%


















Alvera Aloe Based Roll-On Deodorant Herbal, 3 OZ



$4.95




$3.06





            

        Alvera
        











Quantity: 
+

−











Add to cart
Add to Wishlist
















Save 45%


















Kroeger Herb Wormwood Combination Caps 100



$12.99




$7.15





            

        Kroeger Herb
        


Herbal SupplementThe Original








Quantity: 
+

−











Add to cart
Add to Wishlist
















Save 54%


















Naturally Vitamins Formula 50 100 Sftgls



$26.95




$12.32





            

        Naturally Vitamins
        


 Dietary       Supplement Support       for Hair & Nails*








Quantity: 
+

−











Add to cart
Add to Wishlist
















Save 40%


















Mountain Ocean Skin Trip Coconut 8 OZ EA



$11.89




$7.17





            

        Mountain Ocean
        











Quantity: 
+

−











Add to cart
Add to Wishlist
















Save 48%


















Jarrow Formulas NAC 500 mg 100 Caps



$17.95




$9.42





            

        Jarrow Formulas
        


Considered as Dietary SupplementPrecursor to GlutathioneSupports Liver & Lung Function








Quantity: 
+

−











Add to cart
Add to Wishlist







 Prev

1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8

Next 
2 - 16










 
 














































 


My account




Sign in
Create account






Extras




Shipping FAQs
Privacy Policy
Affiliates
Disclaimer
Links






Customer Service




Our Company
Sitemap
Terms & Conditions
Reviews
FAQs
Blog






Universal Herbs Inc.
1817 Addison Way
Hayward, CA 94544

+510-324-2900
+510-324-5300
support@herbspro.com






Subscribe








Email






































































Shop By Category: Categories on Herbspro




















 








Phone: 1-866-915-5300 |   Email Us




Languages




English


Arabic


Chinese


French


German


Italian


Japanese


Korean


Portuguese


Spanish










 






























Cart is empty






Cart is empty



View cart


Checkout








 
        My Account






Orders
Wish listFax Order





Track my order(s)

Track my order(s)







Sign inRegister






 




Menu






                        HOME
                    



                        BRANDS
                    



#







1 Up Nutrition


21st Century


22 Days Nutrition


2nd Skin


3 Green Dogs Vitamins


360 Cut


3B Bags


3M


4 Dimension Nutrition


View more →





A







A & D


A La Maison


A To B Calm


A&Z Pharmaceutical


ABB


Abbott Nutrition


abn


About Time


Abra Therapeutics


View more →





B







B-F-I


Babo Botanicals


Baby Mantra


Baby Orajel


Babys Only Organic (Natures One)


Bach Flower Essences


Bacid


Back to Nature


Backaid


View more →





C







C20 Pure Coconut Water


Ca-Rezz


Cadia


Caf+¬ Altura


Cafix


Calagel


Calcet


Caldesene


California Natural


View more →





D







D's Naturals


D-Cal


D.O.C.


Daily Detox


Daiwa Health Development


DAIWA HEALTH DEVELOPMENT INC


Dakin's


Dancing Paws


Danisa


View more →





E







E-Cloth


E-Pharm


E.P.T.


Earplanes


Earseeds


Earth Balance


Earth Circle Organics


Earth Friendly


Earth Friendly baby


View more →




More BRANDS →





                        CATEGORIES
                    



Beauty Care Products







Bath Accessories


Cosmetics


Foot Care


Hair Care


Oral Care


Personal Care





Groceries







Aromatherapy


Beverages


Home and Garden





Health and Fitness







Books & Media


Detoxification


Diet and Weight Loss


Energy Support


Geriatric Support


Health Aids


Over-The-Counters (Otc)


Smoking Cessation Aids


Sports Nutrition





Pet Care Products







Pet Care Products





Vitamins and Supplements







5 HTP


7-Keto


Acerola


Acidophilus/Probiotics


Adrenal Support


Aging Support


Allergies/Sinus Support


Aloe


Alpha Lipoic Acid


View more →







                        BEST DEALS
                    



                        SHOP BY HERB
                    



A







acidophilus


Alfalfa


almonds


Aloe


Aloe vera


American Ginseng


amla


angelica dahurica


Angelica Species


View more →





B







Barberry


Basil


Bayberry


Bee Pollen


bergamot


Bilberry


Bitter Melon


Bitter Orange


black cherry


View more →





C







Calamus


Calendula Succus


California Poppy


Cardamom


Carrot Seed


Cascara


Cassia angustifolia


Cat's Claw


Catnip


View more →





D







Damiana


Dandelion


Devil's Club


Devils Claw


Dioscorea Villosa


Dong Quai





E







Echinacea


Elder Flower


Elderberry and Elder (berry) flowers and leaves


Elecampane


Emblica officinalis


Enzymes


Ephedra


Eyebright





F







Fennel


Fenugreek


Feverfew


Fo-Ti


Fringe Tree




More SHOP BY HERB →





                        SHOP BY VITAMIN
                    




A & D Vitamins


A Vitamins


B Complex


B Vitamins


B1 Vitamins / Thiamine


B12 Vitamins / Methylcobalamine


View more →







                        MY WISHLIST
                    



                        HEALTH INFO
                    



Health Info







Alternative Medicine


Health Library


Health Tools


Healthy Recipes


Ingredient Glossary


Featured Articles







                        EMAIL US
                    








                        HOME
                    







                        BRANDS
                    




#








1 Up Nutrition


21st Century


22 Days Nutrition


2nd Skin


3 Green Dogs Vitamins


360 Cut


3B Bags


3M


4 Dimension Nutrition


View more →






A








A & D


A La Maison


A To B Calm


A&Z Pharmaceutical


ABB


Abbott Nutrition


abn


About Time


Abra Therapeutics


View more →






B








B-F-I


Babo Botanicals


Baby Mantra


Baby Orajel


Babys Only Organic (Natures One)


Bach Flower Essences


Bacid


Back to Nature


Backaid


View more →






C








C20 Pure Coconut Water


Ca-Rezz


Cadia


Caf+¬ Altura


Cafix


Calagel


Calcet


Caldesene


California Natural


View more →






D








D's Naturals


D-Cal


D.O.C.


Daily Detox


Daiwa Health Development


DAIWA HEALTH DEVELOPMENT INC


Dakin's


Dancing Paws


Danisa


View more →






E








E-Cloth


E-Pharm


E.P.T.


Earplanes


Earseeds


Earth Balance


Earth Circle Organics


Earth Friendly


Earth Friendly baby


View more →





More BRANDS →










                        CATEGORIES
                    




Beauty Care Products








Bath Accessories


Cosmetics


Foot Care


Hair Care


Oral Care


Personal Care






Groceries








Aromatherapy


Beverages


Home and Garden






Health and Fitness








Books & Media


Detoxification


Diet and Weight Loss


Energy Support


Geriatric Support


Health Aids


Over-The-Counters (Otc)


Smoking Cessation Aids


Sports Nutrition






Pet Care Products








Pet Care Products






Vitamins and Supplements








5 HTP


7-Keto


Acerola


Acidophilus/Probiotics


Adrenal Support


Aging Support


Allergies/Sinus Support


Aloe


Alpha Lipoic Acid


View more →









                        BEST DEALS
                    







                        SHOP BY HERB
                    




A








acidophilus


Alfalfa


almonds


Aloe


Aloe vera


American Ginseng


amla


angelica dahurica


Angelica Species


View more →






B








Barberry


Basil


Bayberry


Bee Pollen


bergamot


Bilberry


Bitter Melon


Bitter Orange


black cherry


View more →






C








Calamus


Calendula Succus


California Poppy


Cardamom


Carrot Seed


Cascara


Cassia angustifolia


Cat's Claw


Catnip


View more →






D








Damiana


Dandelion


Devil's Club


Devils Claw


Dioscorea Villosa


Dong Quai






E








Echinacea


Elder Flower


Elderberry and Elder (berry) flowers and leaves


Elecampane


Emblica officinalis


Enzymes


Ephedra


Eyebright






F








Fennel


Fenugreek


Feverfew


Fo-Ti


Fringe Tree





More SHOP BY HERB →










                        SHOP BY VITAMIN
                    



A & D Vitamins


A Vitamins


B Complex


B Vitamins


B1 Vitamins / Thiamine


B12 Vitamins / Methylcobalamine


View more →






                        MY WISHLIST
                    







                        HEALTH INFO
                    




Health Info








Alternative Medicine


Health Library


Health Tools


Healthy Recipes


Ingredient Glossary


Featured Articles









                        EMAIL US
                    










 


HomeShop By Category




 


Refine







Free Shipping







Free shipping


No items found matching the search criteria





In Stock







Availability


No items found matching the search criteria





Price





    $
    
    
     – 
    $
    


$0
$1188







 Reset











Beauty Care Products




Groceries




Health and Fitness




Pet Care Products




Vitamins and Supplements



















Sort by Popularity


No sorting


Newest Items First


Sort Alphabetically: A to Z


Sort Alphabetically: Z to A


Sort by Price: Low to High


Sort by Price: High to Low


Sort by Popularity: Low to High




24 Per Page


16 Per Page


32 Per Page


64 Per Page


128 Per Page
















Save 47%
















DMSO Liquid 8 Oz






$12.74




$23.99























Save 39%
















Hollywood Diet 48 Hour Diet 32 OZ EA






$13.37




$21.99























Save 15%
















North American Herb & Spice Oil of ...






$25.49




$29.99























Save 61%
















Naturally Vitamins Hep-Forte 500 Sf...






$40.18




$103.95























Save 49%
















Clear Products Clear Tinnitus 60 Caps






$11.29




$21.99























Save 5%








 
Bayer Campho-Phenique 0.23 oz






$4.57




$4.80























Save 41%
















Wallys Natural Products All Natural...






$5.22




$8.91























Save 25%








 
PaleoPro Protein Powder Cocoa 1 lb






$29.91




$39.99























Save 40%
















Wallys Natural Products All Natural...






$9.74




$16.26























Save 15%
















Condition 3-In-1 Maximum Hold Mouss...






$2.18




$2.55























Save 39%
















Prelief Dietary Supplement 300 Caps






$19.72




$32.19























Save 20%
















Abreva Panoxyl Acne Foaming Wash 5....






$8.81




$10.99























Save 39%
















Natren Healthy Trinity Dairy Free, ...






$77.81




$126.99





















FREE SHIPPING!

Save 37%
















Clearly Natural Glycerine Soap UNSC...






$1.25




$1.99























Save 44%
















Canus Goats Milk Goat's Milk Soap O...






$2.53




$4.49























Save 15%








 
HerbsproBrand Daily Probiotic 30 Caps






$16.98




$20.00























Save 36%
















Sage Spirit Smudge Wand Sage/cedar,...






$3.05




$4.75























Save 36%








 
Sage Spirit Smudge Wand Sage/sweetg...






$3.05




$4.75























Save 57%
















Naturally Vitamins Formula 50 250 S...






$21.94




$50.95























Save 19%
















Schick Injector Blades 7 each






$4.79




$5.88























Save 27%








 
Flents Splint Finger Baseball   Lar...






$2.27




$3.09























Save 4%
















Dr. Tichenors Antiseptic Mouthwash ...






$3.47




$3.62























Save 45%
















Now Foods Eucalyptus Oil 16 OZ






$18.20




$32.99























Save 19%
















Fruit Of The Earth Vitamin E Skin C...






$2.22




$2.73













 


 Prev

1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8

Next 
2 - 16










 
 














































 


My account




Sign in
Create account






Extras




Shipping FAQs
Privacy Policy
Affiliates
Disclaimer
Links






Customer Service




Our Company
Sitemap
Terms & Conditions
Reviews
FAQs
Blog






Universal Herbs Inc.
1817 Addison Way
Hayward, CA 94544

+510-324-2900
+510-324-5300
support@herbspro.com






Subscribe








Email







































































Shop By Brand: Brands on Herbspro




















 








Phone: 1-866-915-5300 |   Email Us




Languages




English


Arabic


Chinese


French


German


Italian


Japanese


Korean


Portuguese


Spanish










 






























Cart is empty






Cart is empty



View cart


Checkout








 
        My Account






Orders
Wish listFax Order





Track my order(s)

Track my order(s)







Sign inRegister






 




Menu






                        HOME
                    



                        BRANDS
                    



#







1 Up Nutrition


21st Century


22 Days Nutrition


2nd Skin


3 Green Dogs Vitamins


360 Cut


3B Bags


3M


4 Dimension Nutrition


View more →





A







A & D


A La Maison


A To B Calm


A&Z Pharmaceutical


ABB


Abbott Nutrition


abn


About Time


Abra Therapeutics


View more →





B







B-F-I


Babo Botanicals


Baby Mantra


Baby Orajel


Babys Only Organic (Natures One)


Bach Flower Essences


Bacid


Back to Nature


Backaid


View more →





C







C20 Pure Coconut Water


Ca-Rezz


Cadia


Caf+¬ Altura


Cafix


Calagel


Calcet


Caldesene


California Natural


View more →





D







D's Naturals


D-Cal


D.O.C.


Daily Detox


Daiwa Health Development


DAIWA HEALTH DEVELOPMENT INC


Dakin's


Dancing Paws


Danisa


View more →





E







E-Cloth


E-Pharm


E.P.T.


Earplanes


Earseeds


Earth Balance


Earth Circle Organics


Earth Friendly


Earth Friendly baby


View more →




More BRANDS →





                        CATEGORIES
                    



Beauty Care Products







Bath Accessories


Cosmetics


Foot Care


Hair Care


Oral Care


Personal Care





Groceries







Aromatherapy


Beverages


Home and Garden





Health and Fitness







Books & Media


Detoxification


Diet and Weight Loss


Energy Support


Geriatric Support


Health Aids


Over-The-Counters (Otc)


Smoking Cessation Aids


Sports Nutrition





Pet Care Products







Pet Care Products





Vitamins and Supplements







5 HTP


7-Keto


Acerola


Acidophilus/Probiotics


Adrenal Support


Aging Support


Allergies/Sinus Support


Aloe


Alpha Lipoic Acid


View more →







                        BEST DEALS
                    



                        SHOP BY HERB
                    



A







acidophilus


Alfalfa


almonds


Aloe


Aloe vera


American Ginseng


amla


angelica dahurica


Angelica Species


View more →





B







Barberry


Basil


Bayberry


Bee Pollen


bergamot


Bilberry


Bitter Melon


Bitter Orange


black cherry


View more →





C







Calamus


Calendula Succus


California Poppy


Cardamom


Carrot Seed


Cascara


Cassia angustifolia


Cat's Claw


Catnip


View more →





D







Damiana


Dandelion


Devil's Club


Devils Claw


Dioscorea Villosa


Dong Quai





E







Echinacea


Elder Flower


Elderberry and Elder (berry) flowers and leaves


Elecampane


Emblica officinalis


Enzymes


Ephedra


Eyebright





F







Fennel


Fenugreek


Feverfew


Fo-Ti


Fringe Tree




More SHOP BY HERB →





                        SHOP BY VITAMIN
                    




A & D Vitamins


A Vitamins


B Complex


B Vitamins


B1 Vitamins / Thiamine


B12 Vitamins / Methylcobalamine


View more →







                        MY WISHLIST
                    



                        HEALTH INFO
                    



Health Info







Alternative Medicine


Health Library


Health Tools


Healthy Recipes


Ingredient Glossary


Featured Articles







                        EMAIL US
                    








                        HOME
                    







                        BRANDS
                    




#








1 Up Nutrition


21st Century


22 Days Nutrition


2nd Skin


3 Green Dogs Vitamins


360 Cut


3B Bags


3M


4 Dimension Nutrition


View more →






A








A & D


A La Maison


A To B Calm


A&Z Pharmaceutical


ABB


Abbott Nutrition


abn


About Time


Abra Therapeutics


View more →






B








B-F-I


Babo Botanicals


Baby Mantra


Baby Orajel


Babys Only Organic (Natures One)


Bach Flower Essences


Bacid


Back to Nature


Backaid


View more →






C








C20 Pure Coconut Water


Ca-Rezz


Cadia


Caf+¬ Altura


Cafix


Calagel


Calcet


Caldesene


California Natural


View more →






D








D's Naturals


D-Cal


D.O.C.


Daily Detox


Daiwa Health Development


DAIWA HEALTH DEVELOPMENT INC


Dakin's


Dancing Paws


Danisa


View more →






E








E-Cloth


E-Pharm


E.P.T.


Earplanes


Earseeds


Earth Balance


Earth Circle Organics


Earth Friendly


Earth Friendly baby


View more →





More BRANDS →










                        CATEGORIES
                    




Beauty Care Products








Bath Accessories


Cosmetics


Foot Care


Hair Care


Oral Care


Personal Care






Groceries








Aromatherapy


Beverages


Home and Garden






Health and Fitness








Books & Media


Detoxification


Diet and Weight Loss


Energy Support


Geriatric Support


Health Aids


Over-The-Counters (Otc)


Smoking Cessation Aids


Sports Nutrition






Pet Care Products








Pet Care Products






Vitamins and Supplements








5 HTP


7-Keto


Acerola


Acidophilus/Probiotics


Adrenal Support


Aging Support


Allergies/Sinus Support


Aloe


Alpha Lipoic Acid


View more →









                        BEST DEALS
                    







                        SHOP BY HERB
                    




A








acidophilus


Alfalfa


almonds


Aloe


Aloe vera


American Ginseng


amla


angelica dahurica


Angelica Species


View more →






B








Barberry


Basil


Bayberry


Bee Pollen


bergamot


Bilberry


Bitter Melon


Bitter Orange


black cherry


View more →






C








Calamus


Calendula Succus


California Poppy


Cardamom


Carrot Seed


Cascara


Cassia angustifolia


Cat's Claw


Catnip


View more →






D








Damiana


Dandelion


Devil's Club


Devils Claw


Dioscorea Villosa


Dong Quai






E








Echinacea


Elder Flower


Elderberry and Elder (berry) flowers and leaves


Elecampane


Emblica officinalis


Enzymes


Ephedra


Eyebright






F








Fennel


Fenugreek


Feverfew


Fo-Ti


Fringe Tree





More SHOP BY HERB →










                        SHOP BY VITAMIN
                    



A & D Vitamins


A Vitamins


B Complex


B Vitamins


B1 Vitamins / Thiamine


B12 Vitamins / Methylcobalamine


View more →






                        MY WISHLIST
                    







                        HEALTH INFO
                    




Health Info








Alternative Medicine


Health Library


Health Tools


Healthy Recipes


Ingredient Glossary


Featured Articles









                        EMAIL US
                    










 


HomeShop By Brand




 


Refine







Free Shipping







Free shipping


No items found matching the search criteria





In Stock







Availability


No items found matching the search criteria





Price





    $
    
    
     – 
    $
    


$0
$1188







 Reset











#




A




B




C




D




E




F




G




H




I




J




K




L




M




N




O




P




Q




R




S




T




U




V




W




X




Y




Z



















Sort by Popularity


No sorting


Newest Items First


Sort Alphabetically: A to Z


Sort Alphabetically: Z to A


Sort by Price: Low to High


Sort by Price: High to Low


Sort by Popularity: Low to High




24 Per Page


16 Per Page


32 Per Page


64 Per Page


128 Per Page
















Save 47%
















DMSO Liquid 8 Oz






$12.74




$23.99























Save 39%
















Hollywood Diet 48 Hour Diet 32 OZ EA






$13.37




$21.99























Save 15%
















North American Herb & Spice Oil of ...






$25.49




$29.99























Save 61%
















Naturally Vitamins Hep-Forte 500 Sf...






$40.18




$103.95























Save 49%
















Clear Products Clear Tinnitus 60 Caps






$11.29




$21.99























Save 5%








 
Bayer Campho-Phenique 0.23 oz






$4.57




$4.80























Save 41%
















Wallys Natural Products All Natural...






$5.22




$8.91























Save 25%








 
PaleoPro Protein Powder Cocoa 1 lb






$29.91




$39.99























Save 40%
















Wallys Natural Products All Natural...






$9.74




$16.26























Save 15%
















Condition 3-In-1 Maximum Hold Mouss...






$2.18




$2.55























Save 39%
















Prelief Dietary Supplement 300 Caps






$19.72




$32.19























Save 20%
















Abreva Panoxyl Acne Foaming Wash 5....






$8.81




$10.99























Save 39%
















Natren Healthy Trinity Dairy Free, ...






$77.81




$126.99





















FREE SHIPPING!

Save 37%
















Clearly Natural Glycerine Soap UNSC...






$1.25




$1.99























Save 44%
















Canus Goats Milk Goat's Milk Soap O...






$2.53




$4.49























Save 15%








 
HerbsproBrand Daily Probiotic 30 Caps






$16.98




$20.00























Save 36%
















Sage Spirit Smudge Wand Sage/cedar,...






$3.05




$4.75























Save 36%








 
Sage Spirit Smudge Wand Sage/sweetg...






$3.05




$4.75























Save 57%
















Naturally Vitamins Formula 50 250 S...






$21.94




$50.95























Save 19%
















Schick Injector Blades 7 each






$4.79




$5.88























Save 27%








 
Flents Splint Finger Baseball   Lar...






$2.27




$3.09























Save 4%
















Dr. Tichenors Antiseptic Mouthwash ...






$3.47




$3.62























Save 45%
















Now Foods Eucalyptus Oil 16 OZ






$18.20




$32.99























Save 19%
















Fruit Of The Earth Vitamin E Skin C...






$2.22




$2.73













 


 Prev

1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8

Next 
2 - 16





    
    Reviews

    

No data found


New post









Your Name: 



Your rating


Excellent!
Very Good
Average
Fair
Poor




Your Message: 



Anti-bot validation








Type the characters you see in the picture above.



Submit











 
 














































 


My account




Sign in
Create account






Extras




Shipping FAQs
Privacy Policy
Affiliates
Disclaimer
Links






Customer Service




Our Company
Sitemap
Terms & Conditions
Reviews
FAQs
Blog






Universal Herbs Inc.
1817 Addison Way
Hayward, CA 94544

+510-324-2900
+510-324-5300
support@herbspro.com






Subscribe








Email







































































