

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version












Clients


We have deep experience.We have worked with over 800 companies, investors and research institutions in the life sciences and high-tech fields.Our clientsAcademic, Research Institutions & Foundations +Academic, Research Institutions & Foundations –Academic, Research Institutions & Foundations +Academic, Research Institutions & Foundations –Agriculture Technology +Agriculture Technology –Agriculture Technology +Agriculture Technology –Biofuels & Alternative Energy +Biofuels & Alternative Energy –Biofuels & Alternative Energy +Biofuels & Alternative Energy –Biotech Plants, Food and Supplements & Aquaculture +Biotech Plants, Food and Supplements & Aquaculture –Biotech Plants, Food and Supplements & Aquaculture +Biotech Plants, Food and Supplements & Aquaculture –Alliance for Clinical Trials in
Oncology Foundation

Alliance Foundation Trials, LLCBurke Medical Research InstituteGlobal Alliance for TB Drug Development Partners HealthCare SystemIbis Reproductive HealthMassachusetts Eye and EarNew York Stem Cell FoundationProstate Cancer Clinical Trials Consortium LLCTufts-New England Medical CenterBack to Academic, Research Institutions & FoundationsPliant Therapeutics, Inc.Back to Agriculture TechnologyAmerican Renewable Energy and Sustainability Solutions, LLC

Aqueria Energy Inc.Artha Networks, Inc.Equity Solar, Inc.Golden Properties Ltd.Level Solar Inc.Microline PV, LLCSustainX, Inc.Back to Biofuels & Alternative EnergyCiBO Technologies, Inc.Back to Biotech Plants, Food and Supplements & AquacultureDrug Development & Discovery +Drug Development & Discovery –Drug Development & Discovery +Drug Development & Discovery –Engineering Technologies +Engineering Technologies –Engineering Technologies +Engineering Technologies –Marketed Pharmaceuticals +Marketed Pharmaceuticals –Marketed Pharmaceuticals +Marketed Pharmaceuticals –Medical Devices, Diagnostics, Materials & Tools +Medical Devices, Diagnostics, Materials & Tools –Medical Devices, Diagnostics, Materials & Tools +Medical Devices, Diagnostics, Materials & Tools –121 Bio, LLCAcetylon Pharmaceuticals, Inc.Adverum Biotechnologies, Inc. Agios Pharmaceuticals, Inc.Aileron Therapeutics, Inc.Akebia Therapeutics, lnc.Aldeyra Therapeutics, Inc.AlloCure, Inc.Alnylam Pharmaceuticals, Inc.Anokion SAAnterios, Inc.Antidote Therapeutics, Inc.AnTolRx, Inc.Apic Bio, Inc. (Gene Therapy NewCo)Arrakis Therapeutics, Inc.Arsanis, Inc.Artax Biopharma, Inc.Atara BiotherapeuticsaTyr PharmaAutism Therapeutics LtdAVEO OncologyAVROBIO, Inc.Band Therapeutics, LLCBeiGene, Ltd.bluebird bio‍Carica Health, Inc.Civitas Therapeutics, Inc.CombiMed, Inc.Corbus Pharmaceuticals Inc.CycloPorters, Inc.CytoSolv, Inc.Decibel Therapeutics, Inc.Deciphera Pharmaceuticals, LLCDermBiont, Inc.Dicerna Pharmaceuticals, Inc.discX LLCEdelrisEdimer Pharmaceuticals, Inc.Ediphyte, Inc.Eleven Biotherapeutics, Inc.Ember Therapeutics, Inc.Enanta Pharmaceuticals, Inc.Entasis Therapeutics, Inc.EpimAb Biotherapeutics Inc.Epizyme, Inc.Eutropics Pharmaceuticals, Inc.Evaxion BiotechExicure, Inc.Fate Therapeutics, Inc.Flex Pharma, Inc.Fog Pharmaceuticals, Inc.Foghorn Therapeutics Inc.Forma Therapeutics, Inc.FORUM Pharmaceuticals Inc.Freestone Therapeutics, Inc.F-star Biotechnology LimitedGenAdam Therapeutics, Inc.General Oncology, Inc.Genocea Biosciences, Inc.GO TherapeuticsH3 Biomedicine, Inc.Heart Metabolics USA, Inc.Homology Medicines, Inc.Horsemen Solutions, Inc.Host Response, Inc.iBio, Inc.ImaginAb, Inc.ImmuneXcite, Inc.ImmunoGen, Inc.Innsting Therapeutics, Inc.‍Inozyme Pharma Inc.Intrinsic Therapeutics, Inc.Jounce Therapeutics, Inc.Kaleido Biosciences, Inc.‍KalVista Pharmaceuticals, Inc.Kanyos Bio, Inc.KaryoPharm TherapeuticsKeros Therapeutics, Inc.KEW Group, Inc.Kite Pharma, Inc.KSQ Therapeutics, Inc.‍Lazarus Life Sciences, LLCLeap Oncology, Inc.LFB USA Inc.LifeMine Therapeutics, Inc.Lysosomal Therapeutics, Inc.Magenta TherapeuticsMallinckrodt Hospital Products Inc.Marius Pharmaceuticals LLC‍Mendel Therapeutics, Inc.‍Metera Pharmaceuticals Inc.MIgS LLCModerna Therapeutics, Inc.‍Moogene Medi Inc.MorphoSys AGMotus Therapeutics, Inc.MyoKardia, Inc.Navitor Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Neon Therapeutics, Inc.NeuroVia, Inc.Nora Therapeutics, Inc.Obsidian Therapeutics‍Odylia Therapeutics, Inc.Olaris Therapeutics, Inc.ONCoPEP, Inc.Oncorus, Inc.Onkimmune LimitedOrionis Biosciences Inc.Ossianix, Inc.Otter Immuno-oncology, LLCOutpost Medicine Ltd.PanOptica, Inc.Paratek Pharmaceuticals, Inc,PharmaEngine, Inc.Phenex Pharmaceuticals AGPhosImmune, Inc.Portola Pharmaceuticals, Inc.Potenza TherapeuticsPraxis Precision Medicines, Inc.Promedior, Inc.Protagenic Therapeutics, Inc.Proteon Therapeutics, Inc.‍Proteostasis Therapeutics, Inc.ProThera Biologics, Inc.PTC Therapeutics, Inc.Puma Biotechnology, Inc.‍Purinomia Biotech, Inc.Quartet Medicine‍QurAlis CorporationRadius Health, Inc.RaNA Therapeutics‍Regenacy Pharmaceuticals, LLCReplimune Inc.rEVO Biologics, Inc.Rhythm Therapeutics, Inc.Rubius Therapeutics, Inc.Sage Therapeutics, Inc.SciFluor Life Sciences, LLCSelecta Biosciences, Inc.Seres Therapeutics, Inc.Sheffield Pharmaceuticals, LLCSiamab Therapeutics, Inc.Sideris Pharmaceuticals, Inc.Sojournix, Inc.Solasia Pharma K.K.Spark Therapeutics, LLCStemline Therapeutics, Inc.‍Surface Oncology, Inc.‍Switch Bio, Inc.Symbiomix Therapeutics, LLCSynedgen, Inc.‍Synspira, LLCTarveda Therapeutics, Inc.Techcomp (Holdings) LimitedTeleos Therapeutics, LLCTesaro, Inc.Teserx, Inc.Tetragenetics, Inc.Theia Pharmaceuticals‍Theriana Pharmaceuticals, Inc.Tilos Therapeutics, Inc.True North Therapeutics, Inc.‍United Therapeutics CorporationUnum TherapeuticsVedantra Pharmaceuticals Inc.Veloxis Pharmaceuticals A/SVericel Corporation‍Versatope Therapeutics, Inc.Verso Therapeutics, Inc.Voyager Therapeutics, Inc.Warp Drive Bio, Inc.WaVe Life Sciences, Pte. LtdX4 Pharmaceuticals, Inc.X-BiotixX-Chem, Inc.XTuit Pharmaceuticals, Inc.XyloCor Therapeutics, Inc.Yumanity TherapeuticsZogenix, Inc.Back to Drug Development & Discovery8 Tree LLCAuthAir, Inc.Block MEMS LLCDaimer Industries, Inc.Epic Polymer Solutions, LLC‍Hexcel CorporationIDEX America, Inc.‍JENTEK Sensors Inc.Juliet Marine Systems, Inc.Live-Pure, Inc.‍Newgrange Design, Inc.PoroGen CorporationPV Tech Group, LLCTool Inc.Back to Engineering TechnologiesAegerion Pharmaceuticals, Inc.Biogen Inc.Eisai Inc.MediGene AGMillennium The Takeda Oncology CompanyMomenta Pharmaceuticals, Inc.Takeda Development Centre Europe Ltd.Back to Marketed PharmaceuticalsAgile Biomedical, Inc.‍Biofeedback Systems Design, LLCBlock EngineeringBlossom Innovations, LLCCartiva, Inc.Custom Automated ProstheticsDigital Cognition Technologies, Inc.EnviroLogix Inc.Epidemio3D, IncorporatedGI Dynamics, Inc.HighRes Biosolutions, Inc.LUMEAMediBeacon Inc.Medical Discovery Partners, LLCMedimetrics Personalized Drug Delivery GroupMellitus, LLCMitra Biotech, Inc.NetBio, Inc.Oxford Gene TechnologyPersonalis, Inc.PlumCare LLC Q-linea ABRegentis Biomaterials Ltd.SDBM Ltd.Sentien Biotechnologies, Inc.Sofregen Medical, Inc.Spectral Medical Inc.TARA Biosystems IncorporatedTides Medical LLCTruMed Systems, Inc.Validere TechnologiesVgo Communications, Inc.vivoPharm, LLCBack to Medical Devices, Diagnostics, Materials & ToolsServices for Life Sciences Companies +Services for Life Sciences Companies –Services for Life Sciences Companies +Services for Life Sciences Companies –Software, SaaS, Database Services & IT Devices +Software, SaaS, Database Services & IT Devices –Software, SaaS, Database Services & IT Devices +Software, SaaS, Database Services & IT Devices –Venture Capital & Private Equity +Venture Capital & Private Equity –Venture Capital & Private Equity +Venture Capital & Private Equity –Venture Capital & Private Equity +Venture Capital & Private Equity –Alacrita LLCAvitide, Inc.Bio-Pharm, Inc.Bio-Pharm, LLCBrammer Bio, LLCChromaTan CorporationCogitas Consulting LLCHealthcare 3PLHovioneInvent Farma S.L.inviCRO, LLCKVS Consulting, LLCLocust Walk Partners, LLCMC Services AGMedAvante, Inc.MedExpert Consulting, Inc.Nemetz GroupNorthStar Regulatory Services, Inc.Pharm3r LLCProteros Biostructures GmbHSensory Spectrum, Inc.Viridian LLCZigzag Associates Ltd.Back to Services for Life Sciences Companies1 Smith LLC3Play Media, Inc.A2E Partnership, Inc.BAM Motion, LLCCasco Media, Corp.Clisertec CorporationCloud Session, LLCCodiscope LLCColleMark, LLCConfidence Project Inc.CounterTack, Inc.Drync, Inc.Educuity, Inc.Equity Micro Tech, LLCE-Systems Corp.Exawatt, Inc.Exchange Solutions, Inc.Gleason Technology, Inc.GlobaLinguist, Inc.GlobalSign, Inc.jrCode Academy, LLCmDhil, LLCMint Solutions Holding BVmomo inc.Motif Micro Inc.Muzooka, Inc.Onapsis, Inc.Parking Edge LLCRenovisoSynqy, Inc.The Service Profit Chain Institute, LLCThinkGood, Inc.ViziApps, Inc.Vizsafe Inc.Zyprr, Inc.Back to Software, SaaS, Database Services & IT Devices.406 Ventures, LLCAccel PartnersAdvanced Technology VenturesAdvent Ventures‍Back Bay Life Science Advisory, LLCBalderton Capital (UK)Brunswick Capital Partners LPCap-Meridian Ventures LTDFlagship PioneeringGray Door PartnersLilly Ventures FundLundbeckfond VenturesMedica Venture PartnersMRL VenturesNotion CapitalNovo A/SOlive Tree Capital, Ltd.‍Pillar CompaniesReebok International, Ltd.Robie LLCThird Rock Ventures, LLCTrevi Health Ventures LPU.S. Equity Holdings, LLCWindy River Partners LLCBack to Venture Capital & Private Equity© Faber Daeufer & Itrato PC. All Rights Reserved.781 795 4700 main|Disclaimer|Attorney Advertising












CELL PENETRATING PEPTIDES AND METHODS OF MAKING AND USING THEREOF - CYCLOPORTERS, INC.






























Login
                    
Sign up
                    









Search
                            





                                    Expert Search


                                    Quick Search








Patents/Apps
                                




                                    Non-Patent Literature
                                












SEARCH


                            RESEARCH



                            MPEP 2.0



                            TOOLS & RESOURCES
                        



                            ACCLAIM IP
                        


HELP






 



















Title:


                                    CELL PENETRATING PEPTIDES AND METHODS OF MAKING AND USING THEREOF                                




Document Type and Number:

                                United States Patent Application 20170190743                            
Kind Code:
                            

                                A1                            







Abstract:

            Disclosed herein are compounds having activity as cell penetrating peptides. In some examples, the compounds can comprise a cell penetrating peptide moiety and a cargo moiety. The cargo moiety can comprise one or more detectable moieties, one or more therapeutic moieties, one or more targeting moieties, or any combination thereof. In some examples, the cell penetrating peptide moiety is cyclic. In some examples, the cell penetrating peptide moiety and cargo moiety together are cyclic. In some examples, the cell penetrating peptide moiety is cyclic and the cargo moiety is appended to the cyclic cell penetrating peptide moiety structure. In some examples, the cargo moiety is cyclic and the cell penetrating peptide moiety is cyclic, and together they form a fused bicyclic system.         










 





Inventors:

                            Pei, Dehua (Columbus, OH, US)                
                            Qian, Ziqing (Columbus, OH, US)                




Application Number:

            15/312878        



Publication Date:

            07/06/2017        



Filing Date:

            05/21/2015        



View Patent Images:

Download PDF 20170190743                 
                  PDF help




Export Citation:

 Click for automatic bibliography
                generation 




Assignee:

                            CYCLOPORTERS, INC. (Boston, MA, US)                






International Classes:

C07K7/64; A61K38/12; A61K38/05; A61K49/00; A61K38/46 










Attorney, Agent or Firm:

                            COOLEY LLP (ATTN:  Patent Group                 1299 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW  Suite 700   Washington DC 20004)                





Claims:

            1. 1.-61. (canceled)                    
                    62.  A cyclic peptide comprising formula Ia:  or a pharmaceutically acceptable salt thereof, wherein AA1 is D-phenylalanine; AA2 is L-naphthylalanine; AA3 is L-arginine; AA4 is D-arginine; AA5 is L-arginine; AA6 is D-arginine; AA7, AA8, and AA9 are each independently an amino acid; and m, n and p are independently selected from 0 and 1.                    
                    63.  The cyclic peptide according to claim 62, wherein: m and n are each 0; p is 1; and AA9 is L-glutamine.                    
                    64.  The cyclic peptide according to claim 62, wherein: m is 0; n and p are each 1; AA8 is L-arginine; and AA9 is L-glutamine.                    
                    65.  The cyclic peptide according to claim 62, wherein: m is 0; n and p are each 1; AA8 is L-glutamine; and AA9 is L-phenylalanine.                    
                    66.  The cyclic peptide according to claim 62, wherein the cyclic peptide has a cellular uptake efficiency that is at least about five-fold higher than the cellular uptake efficiency of a peptide having an otherwise identical amino acid sequence in which the amino acids are all L-amino acids.                    
                    67.  The cyclic peptide according to claim 62, further comprising a cargo moiety, wherein the cargo moiety comprises a detectable moiety, a therapeutic moiety, a targeting moiety, or a combination thereof.                    
                    68.  A cyclic peptide comprising formula IIa, IIb, or IIc:  or a pharmaceutically acceptable salt thereof, wherein AA1 is D-phenylalanine; AA2 is L-naphthylalanine; AA3 is L-arginine; AA4 is D-arginine; AA5 is L-arginine; AA6 is D-arginine; AA7, AA8, and AA9 are each independently an amino acid; m, n and p are independently selected from 0 and 1; and the cargo moiety comprises a detectable moiety, a therapeutic moiety, a targeting moiety, or a combination thereof.                    
                    69.  The cyclic peptide according to claim 68, wherein: m and n are each 0; p is 1; and AA9 is L-glutamine.                    
                    70.  The cyclic peptide according to claim 68, wherein: m is 0; n and p are each 1; AA8 is L-arginine; and AA9 is L-glutamine.                    
                    71.  The cyclic peptide according to claim 68, wherein: m is 0; n and p are each 1; AA8 is L-glutamine; and AA9 is L-phenylalanine.                    
                    72.  The cyclic peptide according to claim 68, wherein the cyclic peptide has a cellular uptake efficiency that is at least about five-fold higher than the cellular update efficiency of a peptide having an otherwise identical amino acid sequence in which the amino acids are all L-amino acids.                    
                    73.  A method for delivery a therapeutic agent to cytoplasm of a cell, comprising administering at least one cyclic peptide comprising formula IIa, IIb, or IIc to a cell:  or a pharmaceutically acceptable salt thereof, wherein: AA1 is phenylalanine; AA2 is naphthylalanine; AA3 is arginine; AA4 is arginine; AA5 is arginine; AA6 is arginine; AA7, AA8, and AA9 are each independently an amino acid; m, n and p are independently selected from 0 and 1; and the cargo comprises a therapeutic agent; thereby delivering the therapeutic agent to the cytoplasm of the cell.                    
                    74.  The method of claim 73, wherein: AA1 is L-phenylalanine; AA2 is L-naphthylalanine; AA3 is L-arginine; AA4 is L-arginine; AA5 is L-arginine; AA6 is L-arginine; m and n are each 0; p is 1; and AA9 is L-glutamine.                    
                    75.  The method of claim 73, wherein: AA1 is D-phenylalanine; AA2 is L-naphthylalanine; AA3 is L-arginine; AA4 is D-arginine; AA5 is L-arginine; and AA6 is D-arginine.                    
                    76.  The method of claim 75, wherein: m and n are each 0; p is 1; and AA9 is L-glutamine.                    
                    77.  The method of claim 75, wherein: m is 0; n and p are each 1; AA8 is L-arginine; and AA9 is L-glutamine.                    
                    78.  The method of claim 75, wherein: m is 0; n and p are each 1; AA8 is L-glutamine; and AA9 is L-phenylalanine.                    
                    79.  The method of claim 73, wherein the therapeutic agent is an inhibitor against Ras, PTP1B, Pin1, Grb2, SH2, or combinations thereof.                    
                    80.  The method of claim 73, wherein the cyclic, cell-penetrating peptide further comprises a detectable moiety, a targeting moiety, or a combination thereof.                    




Description:

STATEMENT REGARDING FEDERALLY FUNDED RESEARCHThis invention was made with government support under grant numbers GM062820, GM110208, and CA132855 awarded by the National Institutes of Health. The government has certain rights in this invention.BACKGROUNDThe plasma membrane presents a major challenge in drug discovery, especially for biologics such as peptides, proteins and nucleic acids. One potential strategy to subvert the membrane barrier and deliver the biologics into cells is to attach them to “cell-penetrating peptides (CPPs)”. Despite three decades of investigation, the fundamental basis for CPP activity remains elusive. CPPs that enter cells via endocytosis must exit from endocytic vesicles in order to reach the cytosol. Unfortunately, the endosomal membrane has proven to be a significant barrier towards cytoplasmic delivery by these CPPs; often a negligible fraction of the peptides escapes into the cell interior (El-Sayed, A et al. AAPS J., 2009, 11, 13-22; Varkouhi, A K et al. J. Controlled Release, 2011, 151, 220-228; Appelbaum, J S et al. Chem. Biol., 2012, 19, 819-830). What are thus needed are new cell penetrating peptides and compositions comprising such peptides that can be used to deliver agents to various cell types. The compositions and methods disclosed herein address these and other needs.SUMMARYDisclosed herein are compounds having activity as cell penetrating peptides. In some examples, the compounds can comprise a cell penetrating peptide moiety and a cargo moiety. The cargo moiety can comprise one or more detectable moieties, one or more therapeutic moieties, one or more targeting moieties, or any combination thereof.In some examples, the cell penetrating peptide moiety is cyclic. In some examples, the cell penetrating peptide moiety and cargo moiety together are cyclic; this is referred to herein as an “endocyclic” configuration. In some examples, the cell penetrating peptide moiety is cyclic and the cargo moiety is appended to the cyclic cell penetrating peptide moiety structure; this is referred to herein as an “exocyclic” configuration. In some examples, the cargo moiety is cyclic and the cell penetrating peptide moiety is cyclic, and together they form a fused bicyclic system; this is referred to herein as a “bicyclic” configuration.In some examples, the compounds can be of Formula I: wherein AA1, AA2, AA3, AA4, AA5, AA6, AA7, AA8, and AA9 (i.e., AA1-AA9) are each independently an amino acid; and m, n and p are independently selected from 0 and 1. In other examples, of Formula I, there can be more than 9 amino acids, such that when m and p are 1, n is 2 or more. These larger peptides are disclosed with each of formula herein, e.g., IA, II, IIa, IIb, and IIc. In some examples three or more amino acids are arginine and one or more are phenylalanine. In still other examples one or more amino acids is naphthylalanine or tryptophan.In some examples, the cell penetrating peptide moiety is cyclic, and the compounds can be of Formula Ia: wherein AA1-AA9, m, n, and p are as defined in Formula I, and wherein the curved line indicates a covalent bond.In some examples, the compound further comprises a cargo moiety, and the compounds can be of Formula II: wherein the cargo moiety can comprise a detectable moiety, a therapeutic moiety, a targeting moiety, or a combination thereof and AA1-AA9, m, n, and p are as defined in Formula I.In some examples, the cell penetrating peptide moiety and cargo moiety together are cyclic, and the compounds are of Formula IIa: wherein the cargo moiety is as defined in Formula II and AA1-AA9, m, n and p are as defined in Formula I.In some examples, the cell penetrating peptide moiety is cyclic and the cargo moiety is appended to the cyclic cell penetrating peptide moiety structure, and the compounds are of Formula IIb: wherein the cargo moiety is as defined in Formula II and AA1-AA9, m, n and p are as defined in Formula I.In some examples, the cargo moiety is cyclic and the cell penetrating peptide moiety is cyclic, and together they form a fused bicyclic system, and the compounds are of Formula IIc: wherein the cargo moiety is as defined in Formula II and AA1-AA9, m, n and p are as defined in Formula I.The amino acids can be coupled by a peptide bond. The amino acids can be coupled to the cargo moiety at the amino group, the carboxylate group, or the side chain.In some examples, at least one amino acid comprises napthylalanine or an analogue or derivative thereof. In some examples, at least three of the amino acids independently comprise arginine or an analogue or derivative thereof. In some examples, at least one amino acid comprises phenylalanine or an analogue or derivative thereof. In some examples of, at least one amino acid comprises glutamine or an analogue or derivative thereof.In some examples, the cell penetrating peptide moeity can by any of SEQ ID NO:1 to SEQ ID NO:90. In some examples, the cell penetrating peptide moiety can be a variant of any of SEQ ID NO:1 to SEQ ID NO:90.The cargo moiety can comprise any cargo of interest, for example a linker moiety, a detectable moiety, a therapeutic moiety, a targeting moiety, and the like, or any combination thereof.The cargo moiety can be attached to the cell penetrating peptide moiety at the amino group, the carboxylate group, or the side chain of any of the amino acids of the cell penetrating peptide moiety (e.g., at the amino group, the carboxylate group, or the side chain or any of AA1-AA9).In some examples, the therapeutic moiety comprises a targeting moiety. The targeting moiety can comprise, for example, a sequence of amino acids that can target one or more enzyme domains. In some examples, the targeting moiety can comprise an inhibitor against a protein that can play a role in a disease, such as cancer, cystic fibrosis, diabetes, obesity, or combinations thereof. In some examples, the therapeutic moiety can comprise a targeting moiety that can act as an inhibitor against Ras (e.g., K-Ras), PTP1B, Pin1, Grb2 SH2, CAL PDZ, and the like, or combinations thereof.Also disclosed herein are compositions that comprise the compounds described herein. Also disclosed herein are pharmaceutically-acceptable salts and prodrugs of the disclosed compounds.Also provided herein are methods of use of the compounds or compositions described herein. Also provided herein are methods for treating a disease or pathology in a subject in need thereof comprising administering to the subject an effective amount of any of the compounds or compositions described herein.Also provided herein are methods of treating, preventing, or ameliorating cancer in a subject. The methods include administering to a subject an effective amount of one or more of the compounds or compositions described herein, or a pharmaceutically acceptable salt thereof. The methods of treatment or prevention of cancer described herein can further include treatment with one or more additional agents (e.g., an anti-cancer agent or ionizing radiation).Also described herein are methods of killing a tumor cell in a subject. The method includes contacting the tumor cell with an effective amount of a compound or composition as described herein, and optionally includes the step of irradiating the tumor cell with an effective amount of ionizing radiation. Additionally, methods of radiotherapy of tumors are provided herein. The methods include contacting the tumor cell with an effective amount of a compound or composition as described herein, and irradiating the tumor with an effective amount of ionizing radiation.In some examples of the methods of treating of treating, preventing, or ameliorating cancer or a tumor in a subject, the compound or composition administered to the subject can comprise a therapeutic moiety that can comprise a targeting moiety that can act as an inhibitor against Ras (e.g., K-Ras), PTP1B, Pin1, Grb2 SH2, or combinations thereof.The disclosed subject matter also concerns methods for treating a subject having a metabolic disorder or condition. In one embodiment, an effective amount of one or more compounds or compositions disclosed herein is administered to a subject having a metabolic disorder and who is in need of treatment thereof. In some examples, the metabolic disorder can comprise type II diabetes. In some examples of the methods of treating of treating, preventing, or ameliorating the metabolic disorder in a subject, the compound or composition administered to the subject can comprise a therapeutic moiety that can comprise a targeting moiety that can act as an inhibitor against PTP1B.The disclosed subject matter also concerns methods for treating a subject having an immune disorder or condition. In one embodiment, an effective amount of one or more compounds or compositions disclosed herein is administered to a subject having an immune disorder and who is in need of treatment thereof. In some examples of the methods of treating of treating, preventing, or ameliorating the immune disorder in a subject, the compound or composition administered to the subject can comprise a therapeutic moiety that can comprise a targeting moiety that can act as an inhibitor against Pin1.The disclosed subject matter also concerns methods for treating a subject having cystic fibrosis. In one embodiment, an effective amount of one or more compounds or compositions disclosed herein is administered to a subject having cystic fibrosis and who is in need of treatment thereof. In some examples of the methods of treating the cystic fibrosis in a subject, the compound or composition administered to the subject can comprise a therapeutic moiety that can comprise a targeting moiety that can act as an inhibitor against CAL PDZ.The details of one or more embodiments of the invention are set forth in the accompanying drawings and the description below. Other features, objects, and advantages of the invention will be apparent from the description and drawings, and from the claims.DESCRIPTION OF FIGURESThe accompanying Figures, which are incorporated in and constitute a part of this specification, illustrate several aspects described below.FIG. 1 displays structures showing cargo attachment during endocyclic (A), exocyclic (B), and bicyclic delivery (C) of cargos (shown in light grey) by cFΦR4.FIG. 2 displays the structures of some of the peptides used in this study.FIG. 3 displays a scheme showing the synthesis of cFΦR4-S-S-GFP.FIG. 4 displays a scheme showing the synthesis of cFΦR4-PTP1B.FIG. 5 displays the binding of FITC-labeled cFΦR4, R9 and Tat to (A) SUV and (B) heparin sulfate.FIG. 6 displays representative live-cell confocal images of HEK293 cells treated for 2 h with rhodamine B-labeled peptides and fluid-phase uptake marker, dextranFITC. (A) Cells treated with 5 μM cFΦR4-A5 and dextranFITC in the same Z-section. (B) Cells treated with 5 μM cFΦR4-R5 and dextranFITC in the same Z-section.FIG. 7 displays the effect of cFΦR4 on the endocytosis of dextranAlexa488 by HeLa cells. HeLa cells were treated with clear DMEM containing no supplement, 1 μM cFΦR4 only, 100 μM dextranAlexa488 only, or both 1 μM cFΦR4 and 100 μM dextranAlexa488. MFI, mean fluorescence intensity.FIG. 8 displays the effect of pH on CAP fluorescence. cFΦR4-PCP was dephosphorylated by alkaline phosphatase and purified by HPLC and its fluorescence at indicated pH's was measured.FIG. 9 displays the internalization of pCAP-containing peptides into cultured cells: I, untagged PCP; II, cFΦR4-PCP; III, cFΦR4-PCP and Na3VO4; IV, R9-PCP; V, Tat-PCP; and VI, Antp-PCP. (A) Representative live-cell confocal images of HEK293 cells treated with 5 μM peptides. Top panel, nuclear stain with DRAQ5; bottom panel, CAP fluorescence in the same Z-section. (B) Flow cytometry of HeLa cells treated with 0 or 10 μM peptides. (C) CAP fluorescence from (B) after subtraction of background fluorescence (untreated cells). MFI, mean fluorescence intensity.FIG. 10 displays representative live-cell confocal microscopic images of HEK293 cells treated for 2 h with rhodamine B-labeled peptides (5 μM each) and fluid-phase endocytosis marker, dextranFITC (0.5 mg/mL). The red fluorescence of rhodamine B and the green fluorescence of dextranFITC from the same Z-section and their merged image are shown in each panel. The enlarged images of a typical cell(s) are shown in each case in order to show the intracellular distribution of the internalized peptides. (A) Cells treated with bicyclo(FΦR4-A5)Rho; (B) monocyclo(FΦR4-A5)Rho; (C) bicyclo(FΦR4-A7)Rho; (D) monocyclo(FΦR4-A7)Rho; (E) bicyclo(FΦR4-RARAR)Rho; and (F) bicyclo(FΦR4-DADAD)Rho.FIG. 11 displays (A) Structures of CPP-S-S-GFP conjugates. (B) Live-cell confocal images of mammalian cells after 2-h treatment with 1 μM GFP (I), Tat-S-S-GFP (II), or cFΦR4-S-S-GFP (III) and nuclear stain DRAQ5. All images were recorded in the same Z-section.FIG. 12 displays (A) Western blot analysis of the global pY protein levels of NIH 3T3 cells after treatment with 0-500 nM PTP1B or cFΦR4-PTP1B (IB: anti-pY antibody 4G10). (B) Same samples as in (A) were analyzed by SDS-PAGE and coomassie blue staining. M, molecular-weight markers.FIG. 13 displays (A) Comparison of the serum stability of cFΦR4, Tat, R9, and Antp. (B) Cytotoxicity of cFΦR4. The indicated cell lines were treated with DMSO (control), 5 μM, or 50 μM cFΦR4 for 24 h and the percentage of live cells was determined by MTT assay.FIG. 14 displays MTT assay of various mammalian cells after treatment with cFΦR4 (5 or 50 μM) for (A) 48 h or (B) 72 h.FIG. 15 displays a diagram showing the points along the endocytic pathway where cFΦR4, R9, and Tat escape into the cytoplasm and where specific inhibitors are proposed to function.FIG. 16 displays scheme showing the reversible cyclization strategy for delivering linear peptidyl cargos into mammalian cells. GSH, glutathione.FIG. 17 displays (A) Synthesis of disulfide-bond cyclized peptide. (B) Synthesis of thioether-bond cyclized peptide. Reagents and conditions: (a) Standard Fmoc/HATU chemistry; (b) piperidine/DMF; (c) 3,3′-dithiodipropionic acid/DIC; (d) β-mercaptoethanol/DMF; (e) modified reagent K; (f) trituration; (g) DMSO/DPBS (pH 7.4). (h) 4-bromobutyric acid/DIC; (i) 1% TFA/DCM; (j) 1%DIPEA/DMF; PG, protecting group. Trt, trityl; Mmt, methoxytrityl. (C) Structures of FITC labeled peptides 1 and 2. (D) Structures of pCAP (phosphocoumaryl aminopropionic acid) containing peptides 1-PCP and 2-PCP. (E) Structures of Amc (7-amino-4-methylcourmarin) containing caspase fluorogenic substrates 3-7. (F) Structures of FITC labeled CAL-PDZ domain ligands 9-11.FIG. 18 displays (A) Live-cell confocal microscopic images of HeLa cells treated with 5 μM FITC-labeled peptide 1 (I) or 2 (II), endocytosis marker DextranRho (0.5 mg mL−1), and nuclear stain DRAQ5. Images in different fluorescence channels were all recorded in the same Z-section. (B) Flow cytometry of HeLa cells treated with 5 μM FITC-labeled peptides 1, 2, or FITC alone.FIG. 19 displays (A) FACS analysis of HeLa cells treated with 0 or 5 μM peptides 1-PCP, 2-PCP for 2 h. (B) CAP fluorescence from (A) after subtraction of background fluorescence (untreated cell). MFI, mean fluorescence intensity.FIG. 20 displays a comparison of the proteolytic stability of peptides 1 and 2.FIG. 21 displays the time-dependent release of fluorogenic coumarin product by Jurkat cells treated with peptides 3-7 (5 μM) in the absence and presence of 100 μM caspase inhibitor Z-VAD(OMe)-FMK (FMK).FIG. 22 displays (A) Structure of CAL-PDZ inhibitor 8. (B) Binding of peptide 8 to CAL-PDZ domain in the presence or absence of reducing reagent. (C) Live-cell microscopic images of HeLa cells treated with peptide 8 (5 μM) and DRAQ5 in the same Z-section. I, green fluorescence of internalized peptide 8; II, overlay of green peptide fluorescence and blue nuclear stain. (D) Immunofluorescent staining showing the distribution of CFTR in the presence or absence of Corr-4a (10 μM) and unlabeled peptide 8 (50 μM). (E) SPQ assays showing CFTR-specific stimulation-induced fluorescence increase in slope in the absence or presence of VX809 (20 μM) and peptide 8 (50 μM). P values were calculated from two-tailed t-test.FIG. 23 displays a schematic of the evolution of a cell-permeable PTP1B inhibitor.FIG. 24 displays a schematic of the design and synthesis of cyclic peptide library. Reagents and conditions: (a) standard Fmoc/HBTU chemistry; (b) soak in water; (c) 0.1 equiv Fmoc-Glu(δ-NHS)-OAll, 0.4 equiv Boc-Met-OH in Et2O/CH2Cl2; (d) piperidine; (e) split into two parts; (f) split-and-pool synthesis by Fmoc/HATU chemistry; (g) Pd(PPh3)4; (h) PyBOP, HOBt; and (i) Reagent K. X2, 10% F2Pmp and 90% Tyr; X1 and X3-X5, random positions; Φ, L-2-naphthylalanine; CPP, cell-penetrating motif FΦR4 or R4ΦF.FIG. 25 displays the competitive inhibition of PTP1B by monocyclic peptide inhibitor 2. (A) Lineweaver-Burk plots for PTP1B-catalyzed hydrolysis of pNPP (0-24 mM) in the presence of varying concentrations of inhibitor 2 (0, 22.5, 45, and 90 nM). (B) Secondary plot of the Michaelis constant ratio (K/K0) as a function of [I].FIG. 26 displays the (a) live-cell confocal microscopic images (same Z-section) of A549 lung cancer cells after treatment for 2 h with 5 μM FITC-labeled inhibitor 2 (top panel) or 4 (bottom panel) and endocytosis marker dextranRho (1.0 mg/mL). (b) Lineweaver-Burk plot showing competitive inhibition of PTP1B by 0, 28, 56, and 112 nM inhibitor 4. (c) Sensitivity of various PTPs to inhibition by inhibitor 4 (all activities were relative to that in the absence of inhibitor).FIG. 27 displays the solid-phase synthesis of inhibitor 4. Reagents and conditions: a) standard Fmoc chemistry; b) trimesic acid, HBTU; c) Pd(PPh3)4, N-methylaniline; d) PyBOP; e) TFA.FIG. 28 displays a comparison of the serum stability of monocyclic PTP1B inhibitor 2 and bicyclic inhibitor 4.FIG. 29 of global pY protein levels in A549 cells after treatment with 0-5 μM inhibitor 4 for 2 h. (b) SDS-PAGE analysis (Coomassie blue staining) of the same samples from (a) shows uniform sample loading in all lanes. (c) Effect of inhibitor 4 on insulin receptor phosphorylation at Tyr1162 and Tyr1163 sites. HepG2 cells were treated with indicated concentrations of inhibitor 4 for 2 h and then stimulated with insulin (100 nM) for 5 min, followed by SDS-PAGE and immunoblotting with anti-IRpY1162/pY1163 antibody. (d) Quantitation of IR pY levels from (c) (data shown are the mean±SD from five independent experiments).FIG. 30 displays the conversion of impermeable Pin1 inhibitor into a cell-permeable bicyclic inhibitor.FIG. 31 displays the FA analysis of the binding of Pin1 inhibitor 5-9 to Pin1.FIG. 32 displays the competition for binding to Pin1 by inhibitors 5 and 7. Each reaction contained 0.1 μM FITC-labeled inhibitor 5, 1 μM Pin1, and 0-5 μM unlabeled inhibitor 5 (a) or inhibitor 7 (b) and the FA value was measured and plotted against the competitor concentration.FIG. 33 displays the cellular uptake of Pin1 inhibitors. (a,b) Live-cell confocal microscopic images of HEK293 cells treated with 5 μM FITC-labeled Pin1 inhibitor 5 (a) or 7 (b) and 1 mg/mL endocytosis marker DextranRho for 2 h. All images were recorded at the same Z-section. (c) FACS analysis of HeLa cells after 2-h treatment with DMSO or 5 μM FITC-labeled Pin1 inhibitor 5, 7, 8, or 9. MFI, mean fluorescence intensity. Procedure: Hela cells were cultured in six-well plates (2×105 cells per well) for 24 h. On the day of experiment, the cells were incubated with 5 μM FITC labeled bicyclic peptide or control monocylic peptide in phenol red-free DMEM supplemented with 1% FBS. After 2 h, the peptide solution was removed, and the cells were washed with DPBS, treated with 0.25% trypsin for 5 min, washed again with DPBS. Finally, the cells were resuspended in the flow cytometry buffer and analyzed by flow cytometry (BD FACS Aria), with excitation at 535 nm.FIG. 34 displays the effect of Pin1 Inhibitors 5, 7, 8, and 9 on cancer cell proliferation. HeLa cells (100 μL/each well, 5×104 cells/mL) were seeded in a 96-well culture plate and allowed to grow overnight in DMEM supplemented with 10% FBS. Varying concentrations of Pin1 inhibitor (0-5 μM) were added to the wells and the cells were incubated at 37° C. with 5% CO2 for 72 h. After that, 10 μL of a MTT stock solution (5 mg/mL) was added into each well. The plate was incubated at 37° C. for 4 h and 100 μL of SDS-HCl solubilizing solution was added into each well, followed by thorough mixing. The plate was incubated at 37° C. overnight and the absorbance of the formazan product was measured at 570 nm on a Molecular Devices Spectramax M5 plate reader. Each experiment was performed in triplicates and the cells untreated with peptide were used as control.FIG. 35 displayes live cell confocal images of mouse ventricular cardiac myocytes after treatment for 3 h with 5 μM c(FΦRRRRQ)-K(FITC) (a) and c(fΦRrRrQ)-K(FITC) (b). (c) Labeling of calmodulin (T5C) with cyclic cell penetrating peptide through a disulfide bond. (d) Live cell confocal images of mouse ventricular cardiac myocytes after treatment for 3 h with 6 μM cFΦR4-conjugated Cy3-labeled calmodulin.FIG. 36 displays the evolution of bicyclic peptide inhibitors against Pin1. The structural moieties derived from library screening are shown in grey, while the changes made during optimization are shown in light grey.FIG. 37 displays the characterization of peptide 37. (a) Binding to FITC-labeled peptide 37 to Pin1 as analyzed by fluorescent anisotropy (FA). (b) Competition between peptide 37 and FITC-labeled peptide 1 (100 nM) for binding to Pin1 (400 nM) as monitored by FA. (c) Effect of peptide 37 on the cis-trans isomerase activity of Pin1, Pin4, FKBP12, and cyclophilin A using Suc-Ala-Glu-Pro-Phe-pNA as substrate. (d) Comparison of the serum stability of peptides 1 and 37.FIG. 38 displays cellular activity of peptide 37. (a) Cellular uptake of peptides 1, 37, and 46 (5 μM) by HeLa cells as analyzed by flow cytometry. MFI, mean fluorescence intensity; none, untreated cells (no peptide). (b) Anti-proliferative effect of peptides 37, 46, and 47 on HeLa cells as measured by MTT assay. (c) Western blots showing the effect of peptides 1, 37 and 47 on the protein level of PML in HeLa cells. β-Actin was used as loading control. (d) Quantification of western blot results from (c). Data reported were after background subtraction and represent the mean±SD from 3 independent experiments.DETAILED DESCRIPTIONThe compounds, compositions, and methods described herein may be understood more readily by reference to the following detailed description of specific aspects of the disclosed subject matter and the Examples and Figures included therein.Before the present compounds, compositions, and methods are disclosed and described, it is to be understood that the aspects described below are not limited to specific synthetic methods or specific reagents, as such may, of course, vary. It is also to be understood that the terminology used herein is for the purpose of describing particular aspects only and is not intended to be limiting.Also, throughout this specification, various publications are referenced. The disclosures of these publications in their entireties are hereby incorporated by reference into this application in order to more fully describe the state of the art to which the disclosed matter pertains. The references disclosed are also individually and specifically incorporated by reference herein for the material contained in them that is discussed in the sentence in which the reference is relied upon.General DefinitionsIn this specification and in the claims that follow, reference will be made to a number of terms, which shall be defined to have the following meanings.Throughout the description and claims of this specification the word “comprise” and other forms of the word, such as “comprising” and “comprises,” means including but not limited to, and is not intended to exclude, for example, other additives, components, integers, or steps.As used in the description and the appended claims, the singular forms “a,” “an,” and “the” include plural referents unless the context clearly dictates otherwise. Thus, for example, reference to “a composition” includes mixtures of two or more such compositions, reference to “an agent” includes mixtures of two or more such agents, reference to “the component” includes mixtures of two or more such components, and the like.“Optional” or “optionally” means that the subsequently described event or circumstance can or cannot occur, and that the description includes instances where the event or circumstance occurs and instances where it does not.Ranges can be expressed herein as from “about” one particular value, and/or to “about” another particular value. By “about” is meant within 5% of the value, e.g., within 4, 3, 2, or 1% of the value. When such a range is expressed, another aspect includes from the one particular value and/or to the other particular value. Similarly, when values are expressed as approximations, by use of the antecedent “about,” it will be understood that the particular value forms another aspect. It will be further understood that the endpoints of each of the ranges are significant both in relation to the other endpoint, and independently of the other endpoint.As used herein, by a “subject” is meant an individual. Thus, the “subject” can include domesticated animals (e.g., cats, dogs, etc.), livestock (e.g., cattle, horses, pigs, sheep, goats, etc.), laboratory animals (e.g., mouse, rabbit, rat, guinea pig, etc.), and birds. “Subject” can also include a mammal, such as a primate or a human. Thus, the subject can be a human or veterinary patient. The term “patient” refers to a subject under the treatment of a clinician, e.g., physician.The term “inhibit” refers to a decrease in an activity, response, condition, disease, or other biological parameter. This can include but is not limited to the complete ablation of the activity, response, condition, or disease. This can also include, for example, a 10% reduction in the activity, response, condition, or disease as compared to the native or control level. Thus, the reduction can be a 10, 20, 30, 40, 50, 60, 70, 80, 90, 100%, or any amount of reduction in between as compared to native or control levels.By “reduce” or other forms of the word, such as “reducing” or “reduction,” is meant lowering of an event or characteristic (e.g., tumor growth). It is understood that this is typically in relation to some standard or expected value, in other words it is relative, but that it is not always necessary for the standard or relative value to be referred to. For example, “reduces tumor growth” means reducing the rate of growth of a tumor relative to a standard or a control.By “prevent” or other forms of the word, such as “preventing” or “prevention,” is meant to stop a particular event or characteristic, to stabilize or delay the development or progression of a particular event or characteristic, or to minimize the chances that a particular event or characteristic will occur. Prevent does not require comparison to a control as it is typically more absolute than, for example, reduce. As used herein, something could be reduced but not prevented, but something that is reduced could also be prevented. Likewise, something could be prevented but not reduced, but something that is prevented could also be reduced. It is understood that where reduce or prevent are used, unless specifically indicated otherwise, the use of the other word is also expressly disclosed. For example, the terms “prevent” or “suppress” can refer to a treatment that forestalls or slows the onset of a disease or condition or reduced the severity of the disease or condition. Thus, if a treatment can treat a disease in a subject having symptoms of the disease, it can also prevent or suppress that disease in a subject who has yet to suffer some or all of the symptoms.The term “treatment” refers to the medical management of a patient with the intent to cure, ameliorate, stabilize, or prevent a disease, pathological condition, or disorder. This term includes active treatment, that is, treatment directed specifically toward the improvement of a disease, pathological condition, or disorder, and also includes causal treatment, that is, treatment directed toward removal of the cause of the associated disease, pathological condition, or disorder. In addition, this term includes palliative treatment, that is, treatment designed for the relief of symptoms rather than the curing of the disease, pathological condition, or disorder; preventative treatment, that is, treatment directed to minimizing or partially or completely inhibiting the development of the associated disease, pathological condition, or disorder; and supportive treatment, that is, treatment employed to supplement another specific therapy directed toward the improvement of the associated disease, pathological condition, or disorder.The term “anticancer” refers to the ability to treat or control cellular proliferation and/or tumor growth at any concentration.The term “therapeutically effective” refers to the amount of the composition used is of sufficient quantity to ameliorate one or more causes or symptoms of a disease or disorder. Such amelioration only requires a reduction or alteration, not necessarily elimination.The term “pharmaceutically acceptable” refers to those compounds, materials, compositions, and/or dosage forms which are, within the scope of sound medical judgment, suitable for use in contact with the tissues of human beings and animals without excessive toxicity, irritation, allergic response, or other problems or complications commensurate with a reasonable benefit/risk ratio.The term “carrier” means a compound, composition, substance, or structure that, when in combination with a compound or composition, aids or facilitates preparation, storage, administration, delivery, effectiveness, selectivity, or any other feature of the compound or composition for its intended use or purpose. For example, a carrier can be selected to minimize any degradation of the active ingredient and to minimize any adverse side effects in the subject.The terms “peptide,” “protein,” and “polypeptide” are used interchangeably to refer to a natural or synthetic molecule comprising two or more amino acids linked by the carboxyl group of one amino acid to the alpha amino group of another.Unless stated to the contrary, a formula with chemical bonds shown only as solid lines and not as wedges or dashed lines contemplates each possible isomer, e.g., each enantiomer, diastereomer, and meso compound, and a mixture of isomers, such as a racemic or scalemic mixture.Reference will now be made in detail to specific aspects of the disclosed materials, compounds, compositions, articles, and methods, examples of which are illustrated in the accompanying Examples and Figures.CompoundsDisclosed herein are compounds having activity as cell penetrating peptides. In some examples, the compounds can comprise a cell penetrating peptide moiety and a cargo moiety. The cargo moiety can comprise one or more detectable moieties, one or more therapeutic moieties, one or more targeting moieties, or any combination thereof.In some examples, the cell penetrating peptide moiety is cyclic. In some examples, the cell penetrating peptide moiety and cargo moiety together are cyclic. In some examples, the cell penetrating peptide moiety is cyclic and the cargo moiety is appended to the cyclic cell penetrating peptide moiety structure. In some examples, the cargo moiety is cyclic and the cell penetrating peptide moiety is cyclic, and together they form a fused bicyclic system.The cell penetrating peptide moiety can comprise five or more, more specifically six or more, for example, six to twelve, or six to nine amino acids. When there are six to nine amino acids the compounds can be of Formula I: wherein AA1, AA2, AA3, AA4, AA5, AA6, AA7, AA8, and AA9 (i.e., AA1-AA9) are each independently an amino acid; and m, n and p are independently selected from 0 and 1. Wherein there are more than 9 amino acides, Formula I can have m and p each be 1 and n can be 2 or more, e.g., 2 to 10 or 2 to 5. In some examples three or more amino acids are arginine and one or more are phenylalanine. In still other examples one or more amino acids is naphthylalanine or tryptophan.In some examples, the compounds can be of Formula I: wherein AA1, AA2, AA3, AA4, AA5, AA6, AA7, AA8, and AA9 (i.e., AA1-AA9) are each independently an amino acid; and m, n and p are independently selected from 0 and 1.In some examples, the cell penetrating peptide moiety is cyclic, and the compounds can be of Formula Ia: wherein AA1-AA9, m, n, and p are as defined in Formula I, and wherein the curved line indicates a covalent bond. The curved line can be a covalent bond in the backbone of the peptide (i.e., the carboxylic acid of one AA forming an amide bond with the α-amine of another AA), a bond between the side chains of two AAs, a bond from one side chain of an AA to either the backbone carboxylic acid or α-amine of another AA, or a disulfide bond between two AAs.In some examples, the compound further comprises a cargo moiety, and the compounds can be of Formula II: wherein the cargo moiety can comprise a detectable moiety, a therapeutic moiety, a targeting moiety, or a combination thereof and AA1-AA9, m, n, and p are as defined in Formula I.In some examples, the cell penetrating peptide moiety and cargo moiety together are cyclic, and the compounds are of Formula IIa: wherein the cargo moiety is as defined in Formula II and AA1-AA9, m, n and p are as defined in Formula I.In some examples, the cell penetrating peptide moiety is cyclic and the cargo moiety is appended to the cyclic cell penetrating peptide moiety structure, and the compounds are of Formula IIb: wherein the cargo moiety is as defined in Formula II and AA1-AA9, m, n and p are as defined in Formula I.In some examples, the cargo moiety is cyclic and the cell penetrating peptide moiety is cyclic, and together they form a fused bicyclic system, and the compounds are of Formula IIc: wherein the cargo moiety is as defined in Formula II and AA1-AA9, m, n and p are as defined in Formula I.Cell Penetrating PeptideThe cell penetrating peptide moeity comprises at least 5, more specifically, at least 6 amino acids, even more specifically from from 6 to 12, from 6 to 9, from 6 to 7, from 7 to 8, from 8 to 9, and more specifically 6, 7, 8, or 9 amino acids. For the endocyclic motif, at least 5 amino acids can be used. It is also disclosed herein that for the endocyclic structure, some amino acids in the penetrating peptide moiety can also be part of the cargo moity. For example, a peptide penetrating moiety FNalRR can be formed when from FNal and an cargo moiety with two Args. In this case, the two Arg residues perform dual functions. Thus, in some cases the sequence of the cargo moiety is taken into account when referring to the peptide penetrating moiety.For the exocyclic motif, at least 6 amino acids can be used with, for example, glutamine being used to attach the cargo.Each amino acid can be a natural or non-natural amino acid. The term “non-natural amino acid” refers to an organic compound that is a congener of a natural amino acid in that it has a structure similar to a natural amino acid so that it mimics the structure and reactivity of a natural amino acid. The non-natural amino acid can be a modified amino acid, and/or amino acid analog, that is not one of the 20 common naturally occurring amino acids or the rare natural amino acids selenocysteine or pyrrolysine. Non-natural amino acids can also be the D-isomer of the natural amino acids. Examples of suitable amino acids include, but are not limited to, alanine, allosoleucine, arginine, asparagine, aspartic acid, cysteine, glutamine, glutamic acid, glycine, histidine, isoleucine, leucine, lysine, methionine, napthylalanine, phenylalanine, proline, pyroglutamic acid, serine, threonine, tryptophan, tyrosine, valine, a derivative, or combinations thereof. These, and others, are listed in the Table 1 along with their abbreviations used herein.TABLE 1Amino Acid AbbreviationsAmino AcidAbbreviations*alanineAla (A)allosoleucineAIlearginineArg (R)asparagineAsn (N)aspartic acidAsp (D)cysteineCys (C)cyclohexylalanineCha2,3-diaminopropionic acidDap4-fluorophenylalanineFpa (Σ)glutamic acidGlu (E)glutamineGln (Q)glycineGly (G)histidineHis (H)homoprolinePip (Θ)isoleucineIle (I)leucineLeu (L)lysineLys (K)methionineMet (M)napthylalanineNal (Φ)norleucineNle (Ω)phenylalaninePhe (F)phenylglycinePhg (Ψ)4-(phosphonodifluoromethyl)phenylalanineF2Pmp (Λ)pipecolic acidPp (θ)prolinePro (P)sarcosineSar (Ξ)selenocysteineSec (U)serineSer (S)threonineThr (T)tyrosineTyr (Y)tryptophanTrp (W)valineVal (V)*single letter abbreviations: when shown incapital letters herein it indicates the L-amino acid form, when shown in lower case herein it indicates the D-amino acid form The amino acids can be coupled by a peptide bond. The amino acids can be coupled to the cargo moiety at the amino group, the carboxylate group, or the side chain.In some examples of Formula I, at least one amino acid comprises napthylalanine or tryptophan, or analogues or derivatives thereof. In some examples of Formula I, at least three of the amino acids independently comprise arginine or an analogue or derivative thereof. In some examples of Formula I, at least one amino acid comprises phenylalanine, phenylglycine, or histidine, or analogues or derivatives thereof. In some examples of Formula I, at least one amino acid comprises glutamine or an analogue or derivative thereof.In some examples, the cell penetrating peptide (CPP) moiety can be any of the sequences listed in Table 2. In some examples, the cell penetrating peptide can be the reverse of any of the sequences listed in Table 2. In some examples, the cell penetrating peptide sequence can be a cyclic form of any of the sequences listed in Table 2.TABLE 2CPP sequences - linear or cyclicSEQ ID NOCPP sequence#AA's#R residues1FΦRRRQ632FΦRRRC633FΦRRRU634RRRΦFQ635RRRRΦF646FΦRRRR647FφrRrRq738FφrRrRQ739FΦRRRRQ7410fΦRrRrQ7411RRFRΦRQ7412FRRRRΦQ7413rRFRΦRQ7414RRΦFRRQ7415CRRRRFWQ7416FfΦRrRrQ8417FFΦRRRRQ8418RFRFRΦRQ8419URRRRFWQ8420CRRRRFWQ8421FΦRRRRQK8422FΦRRRRQC8423fΦRrRrRQ8524FΦRRRRRQ8525RRRRΦFDΩC9426FΦRRR5327FWRRR5328RRRΦF5329RRRWF53Φ = L-naphthylalanine;φ = D-naphthylalanine;Ω = L-norleucine In some examples, the cell penetrating peptide moeity can by any of SEQ ID NO:1 to SEQ ID NO:29. In some examples, the cell penetrating peptide moiety can be a variant of any of SEQ ID NO:1 to SEQ ID NO:29. Peptide variants are well understood to those of skill in the art and can involve amino acid sequence modifications. For example, amino acid sequence modifications typically fall into one or more of three classes: substitutional, insertional, or deletional variants. Insertions include amino and/or carboxyl terminal fusions as well as intrasequence insertions of single or multiple amino acid residues. Insertions ordinarily will be smaller insertions than those of amino or carboxyl terminal fusions, for example, on the order of 1 to 3 residues. Deletions are characterized by the removal of one or more amino acid residues from the peptide sequence. Typically, no more than from 1 to 3 residues are deleted at any one site within the peptide. Amino acid substitutions are typically of single residues, but can occur at a number of different locations at once; insertions usually will be on the order of about from 1 to 3 amino acid residues; and deletions will range about from 1 to 3 residues. Deletions or insertions preferably are made in adjacent pairs, i.e. a deletion of 2 residues or insertion of 2 residues. Substitutions, deletions, insertions or any combination thereof can be combined to arrive at a final construct. Substitutional variants are those in which at least one residue has been removed and a different residue inserted in its place. Such substitutions generally are made in accordance with the following Table 3 and are referred to as conservative substitutions.TABLE 3Amino Acid SubstitutionsExemplary Conservative SubstitutionsAla replaced by serLeu replaced by ile or valArg replaced by lys or glnLys replaced by arg or glnAsn replaced by gln or hisMet replaced by leu or ileAsp replaced by gluPhe replaced by met, leu, tyr, or fpaCys replaced by serSer replaced by thrGln replaced by asn or lysThr replaced by serGlu replaced by aspTrp replaced by tyrGly replaced by proTyr replaced by trp or pheHis replaced by asn or glnVal replaced by ile or leuIle replaced by leu or valNal replaced by Trp or Phe Substantial changes in function are made by selecting substitutions that are less conservative than those in Table 3, i.e., selecting residues that differ more significantly in their effect on maintaining (a) the structure of the peptide backbone in the area of the substitution, for example as a sheet or helical conformation, (b) the charge or hydrophobicity of the molecule at the target site or (c) the bulk of the side chain. The substitutions which in general are expected to produce the greatest changes in the protein properties will be those in which (a) a hydrophilic residue, e.g., seryl or threonyl, is substituted for (or by) a hydrophobic residue, e.g., leucyl, isoleucyl, phenylalanyl, valyl or alanyl; (b) a cysteine or proline is substituted for (or by) any other residue; (c) a residue having an electropositive side chain, e.g., lysyl, argininyl, or histidyl, is substituted for (or by) an electronegative residue, e.g., glutamyl or aspartyl; or (d) a residue having a bulky side chain, e.g., phenylalanine, is substituted for (or by) one not having a side chain, e.g., glycine, in this case, (e) by increasing the number of sites for sulfation and/or glycosylation.For example, the replacement of one amino acid residue with another that is biologically and/or chemically similar is known to those skilled in the art as a conservative substitution. For example, a conservative substitution would be replacing one hydrophobic residue for another, or one polar residue for another. The substitutions include combinations such as, for example, Gly, Ala; Val, Ile, Leu; Asp, Glu; Asn, Gln; Ser, Thr; Lys, Arg; and Phe, Tyr. Such conservatively substituted variations of each explicitly disclosed sequence are included within the peptides provided herein.It is understood that one way to define the variants of the disclosed cell penetrating peptide moieties is through defining the variants in terms of homology/identity to specific known sequences. For example, SEQ ID NO:1 to SEQ ID NO:29 each sets forth a particular sequence. Specifically disclosed are variants of these peptide that have at least, 85%, 90%, 95%, or 97% homology to SEQ ID NO:1 to SEQ ID NO:29. Those of skill in the art readily understand how to determine the homology of two proteins. For example, the homology can be calculated after aligning the two sequences so that the homology is at its highest level.In addition to variants of SEQ ID NO:1 to SEQ ID NO:29 are derivatives of these peptides which also function in the disclosed methods and compositions. Derivatives are formed by replacing one or more residues with a modified residue, where the side chain of the residue has been modified. Additional examples are shown in Tables 6 and 18 and include variants thereof.Cargo MoietyThe cargo moiety can comprise any cargo of interest, for example a linker moiety, a detectable moiety, a therapeutic moiety, a targeting moiety, and the like, or any combination thereof. In some examples, the cargo moiety can comprise one or more additional amino acids (e.g., K, UK, TRV); a linker (e.g., bifunctional linker LC-SMCC); coenzyme A; phosphocoumaryl amino propionic acid (pCAP); 8-amino-3,6-dioxaoctanoic acid (miniPEG); L-2,3-diaminopropionic acid (Dap or J); L-β-naphthylalanine; L-pipecolic acid (Pip); sarcosine; trimesic acid; 7-amino-4-methylcourmarin (Amc); fluorescein isothiocyanate (FITC); L-2-naphthylalanine; norleucine; 2-aminobutyric acid; Rhodamine B (Rho); Dexamethasone (DEX); or combinations thereof.In some examples the cargo moiety can comprise any of those listed in Table 4, or derivatives or combinations thereof.TABLE 4Example cargo moietiesSEQ ID NOAbbreviationSequence*30R5RRRRR31A5AAAAA32F4FFFF33PCPDE(pCAP)LI34A7AAAAAAA35RARAR36DADAD37DΩUD38UTRV*pCAP, phosphocoumaryl amino propionic acid; Ω, norleucine; U, 2-aminobutyric acid. Detectable MoietyThe detectable moiety can comprise any detectable label. Examples of suitable detectable labels include, but are not limited to, a UV-Vis label, a near-infrared label, a luminescent group, a phosphorescent group, a magnetic spin resonance label, a photosensitizer, a photocleavable moiety, a chelating center, a heavy atom, a radioactive isotope, a isotope detectable spin resonance label, a paramagnetic moiety, a chromophore, or any combination thereof. In some embodiments, the label is detectable without the addition of further reagents.In some embodiments, the detectable moiety is a biocompatible detectable moiety, such that the compounds can be suitable for use in a variety of biological applications. “Biocompatible” and “biologically compatible”, as used herein, generally refer to compounds that are, along with any metabolites or degradation products thereof, generally non-toxic to cells and tissues, and which do not cause any significant adverse effects to cells and tissues when cells and tissues are incubated (e.g., cultured) in their presence.The detectable moiety can contain a luminophore such as a fluorescent label or near-infrared label. Examples of suitable luminophores include, but are not limited to, metal porphyrins; benzoporphyrins; azabenzoporphyrine; napthoporphyrin; phthalocyanine; polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons such as perylene, perylene diimine, pyrenes; azo dyes; xanthene dyes; boron dipyoromethene, aza-boron dipyoromethene, cyanine dyes, metal-ligand complex such as bipyridine, bipyridyls, phenanthroline, coumarin, and acetylacetonates of ruthenium and iridium; acridine, oxazine derivatives such as benzophenoxazine; aza-annulene, squaraine; 8-hydroxyquinoline, polymethines, luminescent producing nanoparticle, such as quantum dots, nanocrystals; carbostyril; terbium complex; inorganic phosphor; ionophore such as crown ethers affiliated or derivatized dyes; or combinations thereof. Specific examples of suitable luminophores include, but are not limited to, Pd (II) octaethylporphyrin; Pt (II)-octaethylporphyrin; Pd (II) tetraphenylporphyrin; Pt (II) tetraphenylporphyrin; Pd (II) meso-tetraphenylporphyrin tetrabenzoporphine; Pt (II) meso-tetrapheny metrylbenzoporphyrin; Pd (II) octaethylporphyrin ketone; Pt (II) octaethylporphyrin ketone; Pd (II) meso-tetra(pentafluorophenyl)porphyrin; Pt (II) meso-tetra (pentafluorophenyl) porphyrin; Ru (II) tris(4,7-diphenyl-1,10-phenanthroline) (Ru (dpp)3); Ru (II) tris(1,10-phenanthroline) (Ru(phen)3), tris(2,2′-bipyridine)rutheniurn (II) chloride hexahydrate (Ru(bpy)3); erythrosine B; fluorescein; fluorescein isothiocyanate (FITC); eosin; iridium (III) ((N-methyl-benzimidazol-2-yl)-7-(diethylamino)-coumarin)); indium (III) ((benzothiazol-2-yl)-7-(diethylamino)-coumarin))-2-(acetylacetonate); Lumogen dyes; Macroflex fluorescent red; Macrolex fluorescent yellow; Texas Red; rhodamine B; rhodamine 6G; sulfur rhodamine; m-cresol; thymol blue; xylenol blue; cresol red; chlorophenol blue; bromocresol green; bromcresol red; bromothymol blue; Cy2; a Cy3; a Cy5; a Cy5.5; Cy7; 4-nitirophenol; alizarin; phenolphthalein; o-cresolphthalein; chlorophenol red; calmagite; bromo-xylenol; phenol red; neutral red; nitrazine; 3,4,5,6-tetrabromphenolphtalein; congo red; fluorescein; eosin; 2′,7′-dichlorofluorescein; 5(6)-carboxy-fluorecsein; carboxynaphthofluorescein; 8-hydroxypyrene-1,3,6-trisulfonic acid; semi-naphthorhodafluor; semi-naphthofluorescein; tris (4,7-diphenyl-1,10-phenanthroline) ruthenium (II) dichloride; (4,7-diphenyl-1,10-phenanthroline) ruthenium (II) tetraphenylboron; platinum (II) octaethylporphyin; dialkylcarbocyanine; dioctadecylcycloxacarbocyanine; fluorenylmethyloxycarbonyl chloride; 7-amino-4-methylcourmarin (Amc); green fluorescent protein (GFP); and derivatives or combinations thereof.In some examples, the detectable moiety can comprise Rhodamine B (Rho), fluorescein isothiocyanate (FITC), 7-amino-4-methylcourmarin (Amc), green fluorescent protein (GFP), or derivatives or combinations thereof.The detectible moiety can be attached to the cell penetrating peptide moiety at the amino group, the carboxylate group, or the side chain of any of the amino acids of the cell penetrating peptide moiety (e.g., at the amino group, the carboxylate group, or the side chain or any of AA1-AAx).Therapeutic MoietyThe disclosed compounds can also comprise a therapeutic moiety. In some examples, the cargo moiety comprises a therapeutic moiety. The detectable moiety can be linked to a therapeutic moiety or the detectable moiety can also serve as the therapeutic moiety. Therapeutic moiety refers to a group that when administered to a subject will reduce one or more symptoms of a disease or disorder.The therapeutic moiety can comprise a wide variety of drugs, including antagonists, for example enzyme inhibitors, and agonists, for example a transcription factor which results in an increase in the expression of a desirable gene product (although as will be appreciated by those in the art, antagonistic transcription factors can also be used), are all included. In addition, therapeutic moiety includes those agents capable of direct toxicity and/or capable of inducing toxicity towards healthy and/or unhealthy cells in the body. Also, the therapeutic moiety can be capable of inducing and/or priming the immune system against potential pathogens.The therapeutic moiety can, for example, comprise an anticancer agent, antiviral agent, antimicrobial agent, anti-inflammatory agent, immunosuppressive agent, anesthetics, or any combination thereof.The therapeutic moiety can comprise an anticancer agent. Example anticancer agents include 13-cis-Retinoic Acid, 2-Amino-6-Mercaptopurine, 2-CdA, 2-Chlorodeoxyadenosine, 5-fluorouracil, 6-Thioguanine, 6-Mercaptopurine, Accutane, Actinomycin-D, Adriamycin, Adrucil, Agrylin, Ala-Cort, Aldesleukin, Alemtuzumab, Alitretinoin, Alkaban-AQ, Alkeran, All-transretinoic acid, Alpha interferon, Altretamine, Amethopterin, Amifostine, Aminoglutethimide, Anagrelide, Anandron, Anastrozole, Arabinosylcytosine, Aranesp, Aredia, Arimidex, Aromasin, Arsenic trioxide, Asparaginase, ATRA, Avastin, BCG, BCNU, Bevacizumab, Bexarotene, Bicalutamide, BiCNU, Blenoxane, Bleomycin, Bortezomib, Busulfan, Busulfex, C225, Calcium Leucovorin, Campath, Camptosar, Camptothecin-11, Capecitabine, Carac, Carboplatin, Carmustine, Carmustine wafer, Casodex, CCNU, CDDP, CeeNU, Cerubidine, cetuximab, Chlorambucil, Cisplatin, Citrovorum Factor, Cladribine, Cortisone, Cosmegen, CPT-11, Cyclophosphamide, Cytadren, Cytarabine, Cytarabine liposomal, Cytosar-U, Cytoxan, Dacarbazine, Dactinomycin, Darbepoetin alfa, Daunomycin, Daunorubicin, Daunorubicin hydrochloride, Daunorubicin liposomal, DaunoXome, Decadron, Delta-Cortef, Deltasone, Denileukin diftitox, DepoCyt, Dexamethasone, Dexamethasone acetate, Dexamethasone sodium phosphate, Dexasone, Dexrazoxane, DHAD, DIC, Diodex, Docetaxel, Doxil, Doxorubicin, Doxorubicin liposomal, Droxia, DTIC, DTIC-Dome, Duralone, Efudex, Eligard, Ellence, Eloxatin, Elspar, Emcyt, Epirubicin, Epoetin alfa, Erbitux, Erwinia L-asparaginase, Estramustine, Ethyol, Etopophos, Etoposide, Etoposide phosphate, Eulexin, Evista, Exemestane, Fareston, Faslodex, Femara, Filgrastim, Floxuridine, Fludara, Fludarabine, Fluoroplex, Fluorouracil, Fluorouracil (cream), Fluoxymesterone, Flutamide, Folinic Acid, FUDR, Fulvestrant, G-CSF, Gefitinib, Gemcitabine, Gemtuzumab ozogamicin, Gemzar, Gleevec, Lupron, Lupron Depot, Matulane, Maxidex, Mechlorethamine, -Mechlorethamine Hydrochlorine, Medralone, Medrol, Megace, Megestrol, Megestrol Acetate, Melphalan, Mercaptopurine, Mesna, Mesnex, Methotrexate, Methotrexate Sodium, Methylprednisolone, Mylocel, Letrozole, Neosar, Neulasta, Neumega, Neupogen, Nilandron, Nilutamide, Nitrogen Mustard, Novaldex, Novantrone, Octreotide, Octreotide acetate, Oncospar, Oncovin, Ontak, Onxal, Oprevelkin, Orapred, Orasone, Oxaliplatin, Paclitaxel, Pamidronate, Panretin, Paraplatin, Pediapred, PEG Interferon, Pegaspargase, Pegfilgrastim, PEG-INTRON, PEG-L-asparaginase, Phenylalanine Mustard, Platinol, Platinol-AQ, Prednisolone, Prednisone, Prelone, Procarbazine, PROCRIT, Proleukin, Prolifeprospan 20 with Carmustine implant, Purinethol, Raloxifene, Rheumatrex, Rituxan, Rituximab, Roveron-A (interferon alfa-2a), Rubex, Rubidomycin hydrochloride, Sandostatin, Sandostatin LAR, Sargramostim, Solu-Cortef, Solu-Medrol, STI-571, Streptozocin, Tamoxifen, Targretin, Taxol, Taxotere, Temodar, Temozolomide, Teniposide, TESPA, Thalidomide, Thalomid, TheraCys, Thioguanine, Thioguanine Tabloid, Thiophosphoamide, Thioplex, Thiotepa, TICE, Toposar, Topotecan, Toremifene, Trastuzumab, Tretinoin, Trexall, Trisenox, TSPA, VCR, Velban, Velcade, VePesid, Vesanoid, Viadur, Vinblastine, Vinblastine Sulfate, Vincasar Pfs, Vincristine, Vinorelbine, Vinorelbine tartrate, VLB, VP-16, Vumon, Xeloda, Zanosar, Zevalin, Zinecard, Zoladex, Zoledronic acid, Zometa, Gliadel wafer, Glivec, GM-CSF, Goserelin, granulocyte colony stimulating factor, Halotestin, Herceptin, Hexadrol, Hexalen, Hexamethylmelamine, HMM, Hycamtin, Hydrea, Hydrocort Acetate, Hydrocortisone, Hydrocortisone sodium phosphate, Hydrocortisone sodium succinate, Hydrocortone phosphate, Hydroxyurea, Ibritumomab, Ibritumomab Tiuxetan, Idamycin, Idarubicin, Ifex, IFN-alpha, Ifosfamide, IL 2, IL-11, Imatinib mesylate, Imidazole Carboxamide, Interferon alfa, Interferon Alfa-2b (PEG conjugate), Interleukin 2, Interleukin-11, Intron A (interferon alfa-2b), Leucovorin, Leukeran, Leukine, Leuprolide, Leurocristine, Leustatin, Liposomal Ara-C, Liquid Pred, Lomustine, L-PAM, L-Sarcolysin, Meticorten, Mitomycin, Mitomycin-C, Mitoxantrone, M-Prednisol, MTC, MTX, Mustargen, Mustine, Mutamycin, Myleran, Iressa, Irinotecan, Isotretinoin, Kidrolase, Lanacort, L-asparaginase, and LCR. The therapeutic moiety can also comprise a biopharmaceutical such as, for example, an antibody.In some examples, the therapeutic moiety can comprise an antiviral agent, such as ganciclovir, azidothymidine (AZT), lamivudine (3TC), etc.In some examples, the therapeutic moiety can comprise an antibacterial agent, such as acedapsone; acetosulfone sodium; alamecin; alexidine; amdinocillin; amdinocillin pivoxil; amicycline; amifloxacin; amifloxacin mesylate; amikacin; amikacin sulfate; aminosalicylic acid; aminosalicylate sodium; amoxicillin; amphomycin; ampicillin; ampicillin sodium; apalcillin sodium; apramycin; aspartocin; astromicin sulfate; avilamycin; avoparcin; azithromycin; azlocillin; azlocillin sodium; bacampicillin hydrochloride; bacitracin; bacitracin methylene disalicylate; bacitracin zinc; bambermycins; benzoylpas calcium; berythromycin; betamicin sulfate; biapenem; biniramycin; biphenamine hydrochloride; bispyrithione magsulfex; butikacin; butirosin sulfate; capreomycin sulfate; carbadox; carbenicillin disodium; carbenicillin indanyl sodium; carbenicillin phenyl sodium; carbenicillin potassium; carumonam sodium; cefaclor; cefadroxil; cefamandole; cefamandole nafate; cefamandole sodium; cefaparole; cefatrizine; cefazaflur sodium; cefazolin; cefazolin sodium; cefbuperazone; cefdinir; cefepime; cefepime hydrochloride; cefetecol; cefixime; cefmenoxime hydrochloride; cefmetazole; cefmetazole sodium; cefonicid monosodium; cefonicid sodium; cefoperazone sodium; ceforanide; cefotaxime sodium; cefotetan; cefotetan disodium; cefotiam hydrochloride; cefoxitin; cefoxitin sodium; cefpimizole; cefpimizole sodium; cefpiramide; cefpiramide sodium; cefpirome sulfate; cefpodoxime proxetil; cefprozil; cefroxadine; cefsulodin sodium; ceftazidime; ceftibuten; ceftizoxime sodium; ceftriaxone sodium; cefuroxime; cefuroxime axetil; cefuroxime pivoxetil; cefuroxime sodium; cephacetrile sodium; cephalexin; cephalexin hydrochloride; cephaloglycin; cephaloridine; cephalothin sodium; cephapirin sodium; cephradine; cetocycline hydrochloride; cetophenicol; chloramphenicol; chloramphenicol palmitate; chloramphenicol pantothenate complex; chloramphenicol sodium succinate; chlorhexidine phosphanilate; chloroxylenol; chlortetracycline bisulfate; chlortetracycline hydrochloride; cinoxacin; ciprofloxacin; ciprofloxacin hydrochloride; cirolemycin; clarithromycin; clinafloxacin hydrochloride; clindamycin; clindamycin hydrochloride; clindamycin palmitate hydrochloride; clindamycin phosphate; clofazimine; cloxacillin benzathine; cloxacillin sodium; cloxyquin; colistimethate sodium; colistin sulfate; coumermycin; coumermycin sodium; cyclacillin; cycloserine; dalfopristin; dapsone; daptomycin; demeclocycline; demeclocycline hydrochloride; demecycline; denofungin; diaveridine; dicloxacillin; dicloxacillin sodium; dihydrostreptomycin sulfate; dipyrithione; dirithromycin; doxycycline; doxycycline calcium; doxycycline fosfatex; doxycycline hyclate; droxacin sodium; enoxacin; epicillin; epitetracycline hydrochloride; erythromycin; erythromycin acistrate; erythromycin estolate; erythromycin ethylsuccinate; erythromycin gluceptate; erythromycin lactobionate; erythromycin propionate; erythromycin stearate; ethambutol hydrochloride; ethionamide; fleroxacin; floxacillin; fludalanine; flumequine; fosfomycin; fosfomycin tromethamine; fumoxicillin; furazolium chloride; furazolium tartrate; fusidate sodium; fusidic acid; gentamicin sulfate; gloximonam; gramicidin; haloprogin; hetacillin; hetacillin potassium; hexedine; ibafloxacin; imipenem; isoconazole; isepamicin; isoniazid; josamycin; kanamycin sulfate; kitasamycin; levofuraltadone; levopropylcillin potassium; lexithromycin; lincomycin; lincomycin hydrochloride; lomefloxacin; Lomefloxacin hydrochloride; lomefloxacin mesylate; loracarbef; mafenide; meclocycline; meclocycline sulfosalicylate; megalomicin potassium phosphate; mequidox; meropenem; methacycline; methacycline hydrochloride; methenamine; methenamine hippurate; methenamine mandelate; methicillin sodium; metioprim; metronidazole hydrochloride; metronidazole phosphate; mezlocillin; mezlocillin sodium; minocycline; minocycline hydrochloride; mirincamycin hydrochloride; monensin; monensin sodiumr; nafcillin sodium; nalidixate sodium; nalidixic acid; natainycin; nebramycin; neomycin palmitate; neomycin sulfate; neomycin undecylenate; netilmicin sulfate; neutramycin; nifuiradene; nifuraldezone; nifuratel; nifuratrone; nifurdazil; nifurimide; nifiupirinol; nifurquinazol; nifurthiazole; nitrocycline; nitrofurantoin; nitromide; norfloxacin; novobiocin sodium; ofloxacin; onnetoprim; oxacillin; oxacillin sodium; oximonam; oximonam sodium; oxolinic acid; oxytetracycline; oxytetracycline calcium; oxytetracycline hydrochloride; paldimycin; parachlorophenol; paulomycin; pefloxacin; pefloxacin mesylate; penamecillin; penicillin G benzathine; penicillin G potassium; penicillin G procaine; penicillin G sodium; penicillin V; penicillin V benzathine; penicillin V hydrabamine; penicillin V potassium; pentizidone sodium; phenyl aminosalicylate; piperacillin sodium; pirbenicillin sodium; piridicillin sodium; pirlimycin hydrochloride; pivampicillin hydrochloride; pivampicillin pamoate; pivampicillin probenate; polymyxin B sulfate; porfiromycin; propikacin; pyrazinamide; pyrithione zinc; quindecamine acetate; quinupristin; racephenicol; ramoplanin; ranimycin; relomycin; repromicin; rifabutin; rifametane; rifamexil; rifamide; rifampin; rifapentine; rifaximin; rolitetracycline; rolitetracycline nitrate; rosaramicin; rosaramicin butyrate; rosaramicin propionate; rosaramicin sodium phosphate; rosaramicin stearate; rosoxacin; roxarsone; roxithromycin; sancycline; sanfetrinem sodium; sarmoxicillin; sarpicillin; scopafungin; sisomicin; sisomicin sulfate; sparfloxacin; spectinomycin hydrochloride; spiramycin; stallimycin hydrochloride; steffimycin; streptomycin sulfate; streptonicozid; sulfabenz; sulfabenzamide; sulfacetamide; sulfacetamide sodium; sulfacytine; sulfadiazine; sulfadiazine sodium; sulfadoxine; sulfalene; sulfamerazine; sulfameter; sulfamethazine; sulfamethizole; sulfamethoxazole; sulfamonomethoxine; sulfamoxole; sulfanilate zinc; sulfanitran; sulfasalazine; sulfasomizole; sulfathiazole; sulfazamet; sulfisoxazole; sulfisoxazole acetyl; sulfisboxazole diolamine; sulfomyxin; sulopenem; sultamricillin; suncillin sodium; talampicillin hydrochloride; teicoplanin; temafloxacin hydrochloride; temocillin; tetracycline; tetracycline hydrochloride; tetracycline phosphate complex; tetroxoprim; thiamphenicol; thiphencillin potassium; ticarcillin cresyl sodium; ticarcillin disodium; ticarcillin monosodium; ticlatone; tiodonium chloride; tobramycin; tobramycin sulfate; tosufloxacin; trimethoprim; trimethoprim sulfate; trisulfapyrimidines; troleandomycin; trospectomycin sulfate; tyrothricin; vancomycin; vancomycin hydrochloride; virginiamycin; or zorbamycin.In some examples, the therapeutic moiety can comprise an anti-inflammatory agent.In some examples, the therapeutic moiety can comprise dexamethasone (Dex).In other examples, the therapeutic moiety comprises a therapeutic protein. For example, some people have defects in certain enzymes (e.g., lysosomal storage disease). It is disclosed herein to deliver such enzymes/proteins to human cells by linking to the enzyme/protein to one of the disclosed cell penetrating peptides. The disclosed cell penetrating peptides have been tested with proteins (e.g., GFP, PTP1B, actin, calmodulin, troponin C) and shown to work.In some examples, the therapeutic moiety comprises a targeting moiety. The targeting moiety can comprise, for example, a sequence of amino acids that can target one or more enzyme domains. In some examples, the targeting moiety can comprise an inhibitor against an enzyme that can play a role in a disease, such as cancer, cystic fibrosis, diabetes, obesity, or combinations thereof. For example, the targeting moiety can comprise any of the sequences listed in Table 5.TABLE 5 Example targeting moietiesSEQIDNOAbbreviation *Sequence39PΘGΛYRPro-Pip-Gly-F2Pmp-Tyr- 40SΘIΛΛRSer-Pip-Ile-F2Pmp-F2Pmp- 41IHIΛIRIle-His-Ile-F2Pmp-Ile- 42AaIΛΘRAla-(D-Ala)-Ile-F2Pmp-Pip- 43ΣSΘΛvRFpa-Ser-Pip-F2Pmp-(D-Val)- 44ΘnPΛARPip-(D-Asn)-Pro-F2Pmp-Ala- 45TΨAΛGRTyr-Phg-Ala-F2Pmp-Gly- 46AHIΛaRAla-His-Ile- F2Pmp-(D-Ala)- 47GnGΛpRGly-(D-Asn)-Gly-F2Pmp-(D-Pro)- 48fQΘΛIR(D-Phe)-Gln-Pip-F2Pmp-Ile- 49SPGΛHRSer-Pro-Gly-F2Pmp-His- 50ΘYIΛHRPip-Tyr-Ile-F2Pmp-His- 51SvPΛHRSer-(D-Val)-Pro-F2Pmp-His- 52AIPΛnRAla-Ile-Pro-F2Pmp-(D-Asn)- 53ΣSIΛQFFpa-Ser-Ile-F2Pmp-Gln- 54AaΨΛfRAla-(D-Ala)-Phg-F2Pmp-(D-Phe)- 55ntΨΛΨR(D-Asn)-(D-Thr)-Phg-F2Pmp-Phg- 56IPΨΛQRIle-Pro-Phg-F2Pmp-Nle- 57QΨEΛΨRGln-Pip-Fpa-F2Pmp-Pip- 58nAEΛGR(D-Asn)-Ala-Fpa-F2Pmp-Gly- 59ntYΛAR(D-Asn)-(D-Thr)-Tyr-F2Pmp-Ala- 60eAΨΛvR(D-Glu)-Ala-Phg-F2Pmp-(D-Val)- 61IvΨΛARIle-(D-Val)-Phg-F2Pmp-Ala- 62YtΨPΛARTyr-(D-Thr)-Phg-F2Pmp-Ala- 63nΘΨPΛIR(D-Asn)-Pip-Phg-F2Pmp-Ile- 64ΘnWΛHRPip-(D-Asn)-Trp-F2Pmp-His- 65YΘvΛIRTyr-Pip-(D-Val)-F2Pmp-Ile- 66nSAΛGR(D-Asn)-Ser-(D-Ala)-F2Pmp-Gly- 67tnvΛaR(D-Thr)-(D-Asn)-(D-Val)-F2Pmp-(D-Ala)- 68ntvΛtR(D-Asn)-(D-Thr)-(D-Val)-F2Pmp-(D-Thr)- 69SItΛYRSer-Ile-(D-Thr)-F2Pmp-Tyr- 70nΣnΛ1R(D-Asn)-Fpa-(D-Asn)-F2Pmp-(D-Leu)- 71YnnΛQRTyr-(D-Asn)-(D-Asn)-F2Pmp-Nle- 72nYnΛGR(D-Asn)-Tyr-(D-Asn)-F2Pmp-Gly- 73AWnΛARAla-Trp-(D-Asn)-F2Pmp-Ala- 74vΨHΛYR(D-Val)-(D-Thr)-His-F2Pmp-Tyr- 75PΨPHΛORPro-Phg-His-F2Pmp-Pip- 76nΨPHΛGR(D-Asn)-Phg-His-F2Pmp-Gly- 77PAHΛGRPro-Ala-His-F2Pmp-Gly- 78AYHΛIRAla-Tyr-His-F2Pmp-Ile- 79nΘeΛYR(D-Asn)-Pip-(D-Glu)-F2Pmp-Tyr- 80vSSΛtR(D-Val)-Ser-Ser-F2Pmp-(D-Thr)- 81aΞt′ Φ′YNK((D-Ala)-Sar-(D-pThr)-Pp-Nal-Tyr-Gln)]-Lys 82Tm(aΞt′ Φ′RA)DapTm(D-Ala)-Sar-(D-pThr)-Pp-Nal-Arg-Ala)-Dap 83Tm(aΞt′ Φ′RAa)DapTm(D-Ala)-Sar-(D-pThr)-Pp-Nal-Arg-Ala-(D-Ala))-Dap 84Tm(aΞt Φ′RAa)DapTm((D-Ala)-Sar-(D-Thr)-Pp-Nal-Arg-Ala-(D-Ala))-Dap 85Tm(aΞtaΦ′RAa)DapTm((D-Ala)-Sar-(D-Thr)-(D-Ala)-Nal-Arg-Ala-(D-Ala))-Dap* Fpa, Σ: L-4-fluorophenylalanine; Pip, Θ: L-homoproline; Nle, Ω: L-norleucine; Phg, Ψ L-phenylglycine; F2Pmp, Λ: L-4-(phosphonodifluoromethyl)phenylalanine; Dap, L-2,3- diaminopropionic acid; Nal, Φ: L-β-naphthylalanine; Pp,  : L-pipecolic acid; Sar, Ξ: sarcosine; Tm, trimesic acid. The targeting moitiey and cell penetrating peptide moiety can overlap, that is residues that form the cell penetrating peptide moiety can also be part of the sequence that forms the targeting moiety, and vice a versa.The therapeutic moiety can be attached to the cell penetrating peptide moiety at the amino group, the carboxylate group, or the side chain of any of the amino acids of the cell penetrating peptide moiety (e.g., at the amino group, the carboxylate group, or the side chain or any of AA1-AAx). In some examples, the therapeutic moiety can be attached to the detectable moiety.In some examples, the therapeutic moiety can comprise a targeting moiety that can act as an inhibitor against Ras (e.g., K-Ras), PTP1B, Pin1, Grb2 SH2, CAL PDZ, and the like, or combinations thereof.Ras is a protein that in humans is encoded by the RAS gene. The normal Ras protein performs an essential function in normal tissue signaling, and the mutation of a Ras gene is implicated in the development of many cancers. Ras can act as a molecular on/off switch, once it is turned on Ras recruits and activates proteins necessary for the propagation of growth factor and other receptors' signal. Mutated forms of Ras have been implicated in various cancers, including lung cancer, colon cancer, pancreatic cancer, and various leukemias.Protein-tyrosine phosphatase 1B (PTP1B) is a prototypical member of the PTP superfamily and plays numerous roles during eukaryotic cell signaling. PTP1B is a negative regulator of the insulin signaling pathway, and is considered a promising potential therapeutic target, in particular for the treatment of type II diabetes. PIP1B has also been implicated in the development of breast cancer.Pin1 is an enzyme that binds to a subset of proteins and plays a role as a post phosphorylation control in regulating protein function. Pin1 activity can regulate the outcome of proline-directed kinase signaling and consequently can regulate cell proliferation and cell survival. Deregulation of Pin1 can play a role in various diseases. The up-regulation of Pin1 may be implicated in certain cancers, and the down-regulation of Pin1 may be implicated in Alzheimer's disease. Inhibitors of Pin1 can have therapeutic implications for cancer and immune disorders.Grb2 is an adaptor protein involved in signal transduction and cell communication. The Grb2 protein contains one SH2 domain, which can bind tyrosine phosphorylated sequences. Grb2 is widely expressed and is essential for multiple cellular functions. Inhibition of Grb2 function can impair developmental processes and can block transformation and proliferation of various cell types.It was recently reported that the activity of cystic fibrosis membrane conductance regulator (CFTR), a chloride ion channel protein mutated in cystic fibrosis (CF) patients, is negatively regulated by CFTR-associated ligand (CAL) through its PDZ domain (CAL-PDZ) (Wolde, M et al. J. Biol. Chem. 2007, 282, 8099). Inhibition of the CFTR/CAL-PDZ interaction was shown to improve the activity of ΔPhe508-CFTR, the most common form of CFTR mutation (Cheng, S H et al. Cell 1990, 63, 827; Kerem, B S et al. Science 1989, 245, 1073), by reducing its proteasome-mediated degradation (Cushing, P R et al. Angew. Chem. Int. Ed. 2010, 49, 9907). Thus, disclosed herein is a method for treating a subject having cystic fibrosis by administering an effective amount of a compound or composition disclosed herein. The compound or composition administered to the subject can comprise a therapeutic moiety that can comprise a targeting moiety that can act as an inhibitor against CAL PDZ. Also, the decompositions or compositions disclosed herein can be administered with a molecule that corrects the CFTR function.SPECIFIC EXAMPLESIn some examples, the compounds can be of Formula I: wherein AA1, AA2, AA3, AA4, AA5, AA6, AA7, AA8, and AA9 (i.e., AA1-AA9) are each independently an amino acid; and m, n and p are independently selected from 0 and 1.In some examples of Formula I, m, n, and p are 0 and the compounds are of Formula I-1: AA1-AA2-AA3-AA4-AA5-AA6  I-1 wherein AA1-AA6 are as defined in Formula I.In some examples of Formula I, m is 1, and n and p are 0, and the compounds are of Formula 1-2: AA1-AA2-AA3-AA4-AA5-AA6-AA7  I-2 wherein AA1-AA7 are as defined in Formula I.In some examples of Formula I, m and n are 1, p is 0, and the compounds are of Formula 1-3: AA1-AA2-AA3-AA4-AA5-AA6-AA7-AA8  I-3 wherein AA1-AA8 are as defined in Formula I.In some examples of Formula I, m, n, and p are 1, and the compounds are of Formula 1-4: AA1-AA2-AA3-AA4-AA5-AA6-AA7-AA8-AA9  I-4 wherein AA1-AA9 are as defined in Formula I.In some examples, the cell penetrating peptide moiety is cyclic, and the compounds can be of Formula Ia: wherein AA1-AA9, m, n, and p are as defined in Formula I, and wherein the curved line indicates a covalent bond.In some examples of Formula Ia, m, n, and p are 0 and the compounds are of Formula Ia-1: wherein AA1-AA6 are as defined in Formula I.In some examples of Formula Ia, m is 1, and n and p are 0, and the compounds are of Formula Ia-2: wherein AA1-AA7 are as defined in Formula I.In some examples of Formula Ia, m and n are 1, p is 0, and the compounds are of Formula Ia-3: wherein AA1-AA8 are as defined in Formula I.In some examples of Formula Ia, m, n, and p are 1, and the compounds are of Formula Ia-4: wherein AA1-AA9 are as defined in Formula I.In some examples, the compound further comprises a cargo moiety, and the compounds can be of Formula II: wherein the cargo moiety can comprise a detectable moiety, a therapeutic moiety, a targeting moiety, or a combination thereof and AA1-AA9, m, n, and p are as defined in Formula I.In some examples of Formula II, m, n, and p are 0 and the compounds are of Formula II-1: AA1-AA2-AA3-AA4-AA5-AA6-cargo II-1 wherein AA1-AA6 are as defined in Formula I and cargo is as defined in Formula II.In some examples of Formula II, m is 1, and n and p are 0, and the compounds are of Formula II-2: AA1-AA2-AA3-AA4-AA5-AA6-AA7-cargo II-2 wherein AA1-AA7 are as defined in Formula I and cargo is as defined in Formula II.In some examples of Formula II, m and n are 1, p is 0, and the compounds are of Formula II-3: AA1-AA2-AA3-AA4-AA5-AA6-AA7-AA8-cargo II-3 wherein AA1-AA8 are as defined in Formula I and cargo is as defined in Formula II.In some examples of Formula II, m, n, and p are 1, and the compounds are of Formula II-4: AA1-AA2-AA3-AA4-AA5-AA6-AA7-AA8-AA9-cargo II-4 wherein AA1-A9 are as defined in Formula I and cargo is as defined in Formula II.In some examples, the cell penetrating peptide moiety and cargo moiety together are cyclic, and the compounds are of Formula IIa: wherein the cargo moiety is as defined in Formula II and AA1-AA9, m, n and p are as defined in Formula I.In some examples of Formula IIa, m, n, and p are 0 and the compounds are of Formula IIa-1: wherein AA1-AA6 are as defined in Formula I and cargo is as defined in Formula II. Also disclosed herein is Formula IIa-1 wherein one of AA1-AA6 is absent (i.e., 5 amino acids in the endocylic structure.In some examples of Formula IIa, m is 1, and n and p are 0, and the compounds are of Formula IIa-2: wherein AA1-AA7 are as defined in Formula I and cargo is as defined in Formula II.In some examples of Formula IIa, m and n are 1, p is 0, and the compounds are of Formula IIa-3: wherein AA1-AA8 are as defined in Formula I and cargo is as defined in Formula II.In some examples of Formula IIa, m, n, and p are 1, and the compounds are of Formula IIa-4: wherein AA1-AA9 are as defined in Formula I and cargo is as defined in Formula II.In some examples, the cell penetrating peptide moiety is cyclic and the cargo moiety is appended to the cyclic cell penetrating peptide moiety structure, and the compounds are of Formula IIb: wherein the cargo moiety is as defined in Formula II and AA1-AA9, m, n and p are as defined in Formula I.In some examples of Formula IIb, m, n, and p are 0 and the compounds are of Formula IIb-1: wherein AA1-AA6 are as defined in Formula I and cargo is as defined in Formula II.In some examples of Formula IIb, m is 1, and n and p are 0, and the compounds are of Formula IIb-2: wherein AA1-AA7 are as defined in Formula I and cargo is as defined in Formula II.In some examples of Formula IIb, m and n are 1, p is 0, and the compounds are of Formula IIb-3: wherein AA1-AA8 are as defined in Formula I and cargo is as defined in Formula II.In some examples of Formula IIb, m, n, and p are 1, and the compounds are of Formula IIb-4: wherein AA1-AA9 are as defined in Formula I and cargo is as defined in Formula II.In some examples, the cargo moiety is cyclic and the cell penetrating peptide moiety is cyclic, and together they form a fused bicyclic system, and the compounds are of Formula IIc: wherein the cargo moiety is as defined in Formula II and AA1-AA9, m, n and p are as defined in Formula I.In some examples of Formula IIc, m, n, and p are 0 and the compounds are of Formula IIc-1: wherein AA1-AA6 are as defined in Formula I and cargo is as defined in Formula II.In some examples of Formula IIc, m is 1, and n and p are 0, and the compounds are of Formula IIc-2: wherein AA1-AA7 are as defined in Formula I and cargo is as defined in Formula II.In some examples of Formula IIc, m and n are 1, p is 0, and the compounds are of Formula IIc-3: wherein AA1-AA8 are as defined in Formula I and cargo is as defined in Formula II.In some examples of Formula IIc, m, n, and p are 1, and the compounds are of Formula IIc-4: wherein AA1-AA9 are as defined in Formula I and cargo is as defined in Formula II.In some examples, the compounds can comprise any of the compounds in Table 6. Further examples are shown in Table 18 below.TABLE 6Example compoundsSEQ ID NOAbbreviationSequence86cFΦR4Rhocyclo(FΦRRRRQ)-K(Rho)87cFΦR4Dexcyclo(FΦRRRRQ)-K(Dex)88TatDexK(Dex)-GRKKRRQRRRPPQY89cFΦR4FITCcyclo(FΦRRRRQ)-K(FITC)90cFΦR4—R5cyclo(FΦRRRRQ)-RRRRR-K(Rho)91cFΦR4-A5cyclo(FΦRRRRQ)-AAAAA-K(Rho)92cFΦR4—F4cyclo(FΦRRRRQ)-FFFF-K(Rho)93cFΦR4-PCPcyclo(FΦRRRRQ)-miniPEG-DE(pCAP)LI94R9-PCPRRRRRRRRR-miniPEG-DE(pCAP)LI95Tat-PCPRKKRRQRRR-miniPEG-DE(pCAP)LI96Antp-PCPRQIKIWFQNRRMKWKK-miniPEG-DE(pCAP)LI97bicyclo(FΦR4-A5)Rho[Tm(AAAAA)K(RRRRΦF)J]-K(Rho)98bicyclo(FΦR4-A7)Rho[Tm(AAAAAAA)K(RRRRΦF)J]-K(Rho)99bicyclo(FΦR4—RARAR)Rho[Tm(RARAR)K(RRRRΦF)J]-K(Rho)100bicyclo(FΦR4-DADAD)Rho[Tm(DADAD)K(RRRRΦF)J]-K(Rho)101monocyclo(FΦR4-A5)Rhocyclo(AAAAARRRRΦF)-K(Rho)102monocyclo(FΦR4-A7)Rhocyclo(AAAAAAARRRRΦF)-K(Rho) 103  104CH3CH2CH2CO—FΦRRRRUK(FITC)105DΩUD-Amc 106  107  108CH3CH2CH2CO—RRRRΦFDΩUD-Amc109RRRRRRRRRDΩUC-Amc 110  111FITC-URRRRFWQUTRV 112  113cFΦR4-PTP1B114cFΦR4-PCP115cyclo((D-Thr)-(D-Asn)-(D-Val)-cyclo(tnvΛaRRRRΦ′FQ)F2Pmp-(D-Ala)-Arg-Arg-Arg-Arg-Nal-Phe-Gln)116cyclo(Ser-(D-Val)-Pro-F2Pmp-cyclo(SvPΛHRRRRΦ′FQ)His-Arg-Arg-Arg-Arg-Nal-Phe-Gln)117cyclo(Ile-Pro-Phg-F2Pmp-Nle-cyclo(IPΨΛΩRRRRΦ′FQ)Arg-Arg-Arg-Arg-Nal-Phe-Gln)118cyclo((D-Ala)-Sar-(D-pThr)-Pp-cyclo(aΞt′   Φ′YQ)-KNal-Tyr-Gln)-Lys119bicyclo[Tm((D-Ala)-Sar-(D-bicyclo[Tm(aΞt′   Φ′RA)J(FΦ′RRRRJ)]-KpThr)-Pp-Nal-Arg-Ala)-Dap-(Phe-Nal-Arg-Arg-Arg-Arg-Dap)]-Lys120bicyclo[Tm((D-Ala)-Sar-(D-bicyclo[Tm(aΞt′   Φ′RAa)J(FNΦ′RRRRJ)]-KpThr)-Pp-Nal-Arg-Ala-(D-Ala))-Dap-(Phe-Nal-Arg-Arg-Arg-Arg-Dap)]-Lys121bicyclo[Tm((D-Ala)-Sar-(D-bicyclo[Tm(aΞt   Φ′RAa)J(FΦ′RRRRJ)]-KThr)-Pp-Nal-Arg-Ala-(D-Ala))-Dap-(Phe-Nal-Arg-Arg-Arg-Arg-Dap)]-Lys122bicyclo[Tm((D-Ala)-Sar-(D-bicyclo[Tm(aΞtaΦ′RAa)J(FΦ′RRRRJ)]-KThr)-(D-Ala)-Nal-Arg-Ala-(D-Ala))-Dap-(Phe-Nal-Arg-Arg-Arg-Arg-Dap)]-Lys 123Peptide 1  124Peptide 2CH3CH2CH2CO—FΦRRRRUK(FITC)-NH2125Peptide 3Ac-DMUD-Amc 126Peptide 4  127Peptide 5  128Peptide 6CH3CH2CH2CO—RRRRΦFDΩUD-Amc129Peptide 7Ac-RRRRRRRRRDΩUD-Amc 130Peptide 8  131Peptide 9FITC-URRRRFWQUTRV—OH 132Peptide 11  178Monocyclic Inhibitor 1cyclo(D-Thr-D-Asn-D-Val-F2Pmp-D-Ala-Arg-Arg-Arg-Arg-Nal-Phe-Gln)179Monocyclic Inhibitor 2cyclo(Ser-D-Val-Pro-F2Pmp-His-Arg-Arg-Arg-Arg-Nal-Phe-Gln)180Monocyclic Inhibitor 3cyclo(Ile-Pro-Phg-F2Pmp-Nle-Arg-Arg-Arg-Arg-Nal-Phe-Gln)181Pin1 inhibitor 5cyclo(D-Ala-Sar-D-pThr-Pip-Nal-Tyr-Gln)-Lys-NH2182Pin1 inhibitor 6bicyclo[Tm(D-Ala-Sar-D-pThr-Pip-Nal-Arg-Ala)-Dap-(Phe-Nal-Arg-Arg-Arg-Arg-Dap)]-Lys-NH2183Pin1 inhibitor 7bicyclo[Tm(D-Ala-Sar-D-pThr-Pip-Nal-Arg-Ala-D-Ala)-Dap-(Phe-Nal-Arg-Arg-Arg-Arg-Dap)]-Lys-NH2184Pin1 inhibitor 8bicyclo[Tm(D-Ala-Sar-D-Thr-Pip-Nal-Arg-Ala-D-Ala)-Dap-(Phe-Nal-Arg-Arg-Arg-Arg-Dap)]-Lys-NH2185Pin1 inhibitor 9bicyclo[Tm(D-Ala-Sar-D-Thr-D-Ala-Nal-Arg-Ala-D-Ala)-Dap-(Phe-Nal-Arg-Arg-Arg-Arg-Dap)]-Lys-NH2*Fpa, Σ: L-4-fluorophenylalanine;Pip, Θ: L-homoproline;Nle, Ω: L-norleucine;Phg, Ψ L-phenylglycine;F2Pmp, Λ: L-4-(phosphonodifluoromethyl)phenylalanine;Dap, J: L-2,3-diaminopropionic acid;Nal, Φ′: L-β-naphthylalanine;Pp,  : L-pipecolic acid;Sar, Ξ: sarcosine;Tm, trimesic acid;Φ, L-2-naphthylalanine;Rho, rhodamine B;Dex, dexamethasone;FITC, fluorescein isothiocyanate;miniPEG, 8-amino-3,6-dioxaoctanoic acid;pCAP, phosphocoumaryl amino propionic acid;Amc, 7-amino-4-methylcourmarin;FITC, fluorescein isothiocyanate;U, 2-aminobutyric acid. TABLE 7 Previously reported cell penetrating peptidesSEQIDNOAbbreviationSequence133R9RRRRRRRRR 134TatYGRKKRRQRRR 135AntpRQIKIWFQNRRMKWKK Also disclosed herein are compositions comprising the compounds described herein.Also disclosed herein are pharmaceutically-acceptable salts and prodrugs of the disclosed compounds. Pharmaceutically-acceptable salts include salts of the disclosed compounds that are prepared with acids or bases, depending on the particular substituents found on the compounds. Under conditions where the compounds disclosed herein are sufficiently basic or acidic to form stable nontoxic acid or base salts, administration of the compounds as salts can be appropriate. Examples of pharmaceutically-acceptable base addition salts include sodium, potassium, calcium, ammonium, or magnesium salt. Examples of physiologically-acceptable acid addition salts include hydrochloric, hydrobromic, nitric, phosphoric, carbonic, sulfuric, and organic acids like acetic, propionic, benzoic, succinic, fumaric, mandelic, oxalic, citric, tartaric, malonic, ascorbic, alpha-ketoglutaric, alpha-glycophosphoric, maleic, tosyl acid, methanesulfonic, and the like. Thus, disclosed herein are the hydrochloride, nitrate, phosphate, carbonate, bicarbonate, sulfate, acetate, propionate, benzoate, succinate, fumarate, mandelate, oxalate, citrate, tartarate, malonate, ascorbate, alpha-ketoglutarate, alpha-glycophosphate, maleate, tosylate, and mesylate salts. Pharmaceutically acceptable salts of a compound can be obtained using standard procedures well known in the art, for example, by reacting a sufficiently basic compound such as an amine with a suitable acid affording a physiologically acceptable anion. Alkali metal (for example, sodium, potassium or lithium) or alkaline earth metal (for example calcium) salts of carboxylic acids can also be made.Methods of MakingThe compounds described herein can be prepared in a variety of ways known to one skilled in the art of organic synthesis or variations thereon as appreciated by those skilled in the art. The compounds described herein can be prepared from readily available starting materials. Optimum reaction conditions can vary with the particular reactants or solvents used, but such conditions can be determined by one skilled in the art.Variations on the compounds described herein include the addition, subtraction, or movement of the various constituents as described for each compound. Similarly, when one or more chiral centers are present in a molecule, the chirality of the molecule can be changed. Additionally, compound synthesis can involve the protection and deprotection of various chemical groups. The use of protection and deprotection, and the selection of appropriate protecting groups can be determined by one skilled in the art. The chemistry of protecting groups can be found, for example, in Wuts and Greene, Protective Groups in Organic Synthesis, 4th Ed., Wiley & Sons, 2006, which is incorporated herein by reference in its entirety.The starting materials and reagents used in preparing the disclosed compounds and compositions are either available from commercial suppliers such as Aldrich Chemical Co., (Milwaukee, Wis.), Acros Organics (Morris Plains, N.J.), Fisher Scientific (Pittsburgh, Pa.), Sigma (St. Louis, Mo.), Pfizer (New York, N.Y.), GlaxoSmithKline (Raleigh, N.C.), Merck (Whitehouse Station, N.J.), Johnson & Johnson (New Brunswick, N.J.), Aventis (Bridgewater, N.J.), AstraZeneca (Wilmington, Del.), Novartis (Basel, Switzerland), Wyeth (Madison, N.J.), Bristol-Myers-Squibb (New York, N.Y.), Roche (Basel, Switzerland), Lilly (Indianapolis, Ind.), Abbott (Abbott Park, Ill.), Schering Plough (Kenilworth, N.J.), or Boehringer Ingelheim (Ingelheim, Germany), or are prepared by methods known to those skilled in the art following procedures set forth in references such as Fieser and Fieser's Reagents for Organic Synthesis, Volumes 1-17 (John Wiley and Sons, 1991); Rodd's Chemistry of Carbon Compounds, Volumes 1-5 and Supplementals (Elsevier Science Publishers, 1989); Organic Reactions, Volumes 1-40 (John Wiley and Sons, 1991); March's Advanced Organic Chemistry, (John Wiley and Sons, 4th Edition); and Larock's Comprehensive Organic Transformations (VCH Publishers Inc., 1989). Other materials, such as the pharmaceutical carriers disclosed herein can be obtained from commercial sources.Reactions to produce the compounds described herein can be carried out in solvents, which can be selected by one of skill in the art of organic synthesis. Solvents can be substantially nonreactive with the starting materials (reactants), the intermediates, or products under the conditions at which the reactions are carried out, i.e., temperature and pressure. Reactions can be carried out in one solvent or a mixture of more than one solvent. Product or intermediate formation can be monitored according to any suitable method known in the art. For example, product formation can be monitored by spectroscopic means, such as nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopy (e.g., 1H or 13C) infrared spectroscopy, spectrophotometry (e.g., UV-visible), or mass spectrometry, or by chromatography such as high performance liquid chromatography (HPLC) or thin layer chromatography.The disclosed compounds can be prepared by solid phase peptide synthesis wherein the amino acid α-N-terminal is protected by an acid or base protecting group. Such protecting groups should have the properties of being stable to the conditions of peptide linkage formation while being readily removable without destruction of the growing peptide chain or racemization of any of the chiral centers contained therein. Suitable protecting groups are 9-fluorenylmethyloxycarbonyl (Fmoc), t-butyloxycarbonyl (Boc), benzyloxycarbonyl (Cbz), biphenylisopropyloxycarbonyl, t-amyloxycarbonyl, isobornyloxycarbonyl, α,α-dimethyl-3,5-dimethoxybenzyloxycarbonyl, o-nitrophenylsulfenyl, 2-cyano-t-butyloxycarbonyl, and the like. The 9-fluorenylmethyloxycarbonyl (Fmoc) protecting group is particularly preferred for the synthesis of the disclosed compounds. Other preferred side chain protecting groups are, for side chain amino groups like lysine and arginine, 2,2,5,7,8-pentamethylchroman-6-sulfonyl (pmc), nitro, p-toluenesulfonyl, 4-methoxybenzene-sulfonyl, Cbz, Boc, and adamantyloxycarbonyl; for tyrosine, benzyl, o-bromobenzyloxy-carbonyl, 2,6-dichlorobenzyl, isopropyl, t-butyl (t-Bu), cyclohexyl, cyclopenyl and acetyl (Ac); for serine, t-butyl, benzyl and tetrahydropyranyl; for histidine, trityl, benzyl, Cbz, p-toluenesulfonyl and 2,4-dinitrophenyl; for tryptophan, formyl; for asparticacid and glutamic acid, benzyl and t-butyl and for cysteine, triphenylmethyl (trityl). In the solid phase peptide synthesis method, the α-C-terminal amino acid is attached to a suitable solid support or resin. Suitable solid supports useful for the above synthesis are those materials which are inert to the reagents and reaction conditions of the stepwise condensation-deprotection reactions, as well as being insoluble in the media used. Solid supports for synthesis of α-C-terminal carboxy peptides is 4-hydroxymethylphenoxymethyl-copoly(styrene-1% divinylbenzene) or 4-(2′,4′-dimethoxyphenyl-Fmoc-aminomethyl)phenoxyacetamidoethyl resin available from Applied Biosystems (Foster City, Calif). The α-C-terminal amino acid is coupled to the resin by means of N,N′-dicyclohexylcarbodiimide (DCC), N,N′-diisopropylcarbodiimide (DIC) or O-benzotriazol-1-yl-N,N,N′,N′-tetramethyluroniumhexafluorophosphate (HBTU), with or without 4-dimethylaminopyridine (DMAP), 1-hydroxybenzotriazole (HOBT), benzotriazol-1-yloxy-tris(dimethylamino)phosphoniumhexafluorophosphate (BOP) or bis(2-oxo-3-oxazolidinyl)phosphine chloride (BOPCl), mediated coupling for from about 1 to about 24 hours at a temperature of between 10° C. and 50° C. in a solvent such as dichloromethane or DMF. When the solid support is 4-(2′,4′-dimethoxyphenyl-Fmoc-aminomethyl)phenoxy-acetamidoethyl resin, the Fmoc group is cleaved with a secondary amine, preferably piperidine, prior to coupling with the α-C-terminal amino acid as described above. One method for coupling to the deprotected 4 (2′,4′-dimethoxyphenyl-Fmoc-aminomethyl)phenoxy-acetamidoethyl resin is O-benzotriazol-1-yl-N,N,N′,N′-tetramethyluroniumhexafluorophosphate (HBTU, 1 equiv.) and 1-hydroxybenzotriazole (HOBT, 1 equiv.) in DMF. The coupling of successive protected amino acids can be carried out in an automatic polypeptide synthesizer. In one example, the α-N-terminal in the amino acids of the growing peptide chain are protected with Fmoc. The removal of the Fmoc protecting group from the α-N-terminal side of the growing peptide is accomplished by treatment with a secondary amine, preferably piperidine. Each protected amino acid is then introduced in about 3-fold molar excess, and the coupling is preferably carried out in DMF. The coupling agent can be O-benzotriazol-1-yl-N,N,N′,N′-tetramethyluroniumhexafluorophosphate (HBTU, 1 equiv.) and 1-hydroxybenzotriazole (HOBT, 1 equiv.). At the end of the solid phase synthesis, the polypeptide is removed from the resin and deprotected, either in successively or in a single operation. Removal of the polypeptide and deprotection can be accomplished in a single operation by treating the resin-bound polypeptide with a cleavage reagent comprising thianisole, water, ethanedithiol and trifluoroacetic acid. In cases wherein the α-C-terminal of the polypeptide is an alkylamide, the resin is cleaved by aminolysis with an alkylamine. Alternatively, the peptide can be removed by transesterification, e.g. with methanol, followed by aminolysis or by direct transamidation. The protected peptide can be purified at this point or taken to the next step directly. The removal of the side chain protecting groups can be accomplished using the cleavage cocktail described above. The fully deprotected peptide can be purified by a sequence of chromatographic steps employing any or all of the following types: ion exchange on a weakly basic resin (acetate form); hydrophobic adsorption chromatography on underivitized polystyrene-divinylbenzene (for example, Amberlite XAD); silica gel adsorption chromatography; ion exchange chromatography on carboxymethylcellulose; partition chromatography, e.g. on Sephadex G-25, LH-20 or countercurrent distribution; high performance liquid chromatography (HPLC), especially reverse-phase HPLC on octyl- or octadecylsilyl-silica bonded phase column packing.Methods of UseAlso provided herein are methods of use of the compounds or compositions described herein. Also provided herein are methods for treating a disease or pathology in a subject in need thereof comprising administering to the subject an effective amount of any of the compounds or compositions described herein.Also provided herein are methods of treating, preventing, or ameliorating cancer in a subject. The methods include administering to a subject an effective amount of one or more of the compounds or compositions described herein, or a pharmaceutically acceptable salt thereof. The compounds and compositions described herein or pharmaceutically acceptable salts thereof are useful for treating cancer in humans, e.g., pediatric and geriatric populations, and in animals, e.g., veterinary applications. The disclosed methods can optionally include identifying a patient who is or can be in need of treatment of a cancer. Examples of cancer types treatable by the compounds and compositions described herein include bladder cancer, brain cancer, breast cancer, colorectal cancer, cervical cancer, gastrointestinal cancer, genitourinary cancer, head and neck cancer, lung cancer, ovarian cancer, pancreatic cancer, prostate cancer, renal cancer, skin cancer, and testicular cancer. Further examples include cancer and/or tumors of the anus, bile duct, bone, bone marrow, bowel (including colon and rectum), eye, gall bladder, kidney, mouth, larynx, esophagus, stomach, testis, cervix, mesothelioma, neuroendocrine, penis, skin, spinal cord, thyroid, vagina, vulva, uterus, liver, muscle, blood cells (including lymphocytes and other immune system cells). Further examples of cancers treatable by the compounds and compositions described herein include carcinomas, Karposi's sarcoma, melanoma, mesothelioma, soft tissue sarcoma, pancreatic cancer, lung cancer, leukemia (acute lymphoblastic, acute myeloid, chronic lymphocytic, chronic myeloid, and other), and lymphoma (Hodgkin's and non-Hodgkin's), and multiple myeloma.The methods of treatment or prevention of cancer described herein can further include treatment with one or more additional agents (e.g., an anti-cancer agent or ionizing radiation). The one or more additional agents and the compounds and compositions or pharmaceutically acceptable salts thereof as described herein can be administered in any order, including simultaneous administration, as well as temporally spaced order of up to several days apart. The methods can also include more than a single administration of the one or more additional agents and/or the compounds and compositions or pharmaceutically acceptable salts thereof as described herein. The administration of the one or more additional agents and the compounds and compositions or pharmaceutically acceptable salts thereof as described herein can be by the same or different routes. When treating with one or more additional agents, the compounds and compositions or pharmaceutically acceptable salts thereof as described herein can be combined into a pharmaceutical composition that includes the one or more additional agents.For example, the compounds or compositions or pharmaceutically acceptable salts thereof as described herein can be combined into a pharmaceutical composition with an additional anti-cancer agent, such as 13-cis-Retinoic Acid, 2-Amino-6-Mercaptopurine, 2-CdA, 2-Chlorodeoxyadenosine, 5-fluorouracil, 6-Thioguanine, 6-Mercaptopurine, Accutane, Actinomycin-D, Adriamycin, Adrucil, Agrylin, Ala-Cort, Aldesleukin, Alemtuzumab, Alitretinoin, Alkaban-AQ, Alkeran, All-transretinoic acid, Alpha interferon, Altretamine, Amethopterin, Amifostine, Aminoglutethimide, Anagrelide, Anandron, Anastrozole, Arabinosylcytosine, Aranesp, Aredia, Arimidex, Aromasin, Arsenic trioxide, Asparaginase, ATRA, Avastin, BCG, BCNU, Bevacizumab, Bexarotene, Bicalutamide, BiCNU, Blenoxane, Bleomycin, Bortezomib, Busulfan, Busulfex, C225, Calcium Leucovorin, Campath, Camptosar, Camptothecin-11, Capecitabine, Carac, Carboplatin, Carmustine, Carmustine wafer, Casodex, CCNU, CDDP, CeeNU, Cerubidine, cetuximab, Chlorambucil, Cisplatin, Citrovorum Factor, Cladribine, Cortisone, Cosmegen, CPT-11, Cyclophosphamide, Cytadren, Cytarabine, Cytarabine liposomal, Cytosar-U, Cytoxan, Dacarbazine, Dactinomycin, Darbepoetin alfa, Daunomycin, Daunorubicin, Daunorubicin hydrochloride, Daunorubicin liposomal, DaunoXome, Decadron, Delta-Cortef, Deltasone, Denileukin diftitox, DepoCyt, Dexamethasone, Dexamethasone acetate, Dexamethasone sodium phosphate, Dexasone, Dexrazoxane, DHAD, DIC, Diodex, Docetaxel, Doxil, Doxorubicin, Doxorubicin liposomal, Droxia, DTIC, DTIC-Dome, Duralone, Efudex, Eligard, Ellence, Eloxatin, Elspar, Emcyt, Epirubicin, Epoetin alfa, Erbitux, Erwinia L-asparaginase, Estramustine, Ethyol, Etopophos, Etoposide, Etoposide phosphate, Eulexin, Evista, Exemestane, Fareston, Faslodex, Femara, Filgrastim, Floxuridine, Fludara, Fludarabine, Fluoroplex, Fluorouracil, Fluorouracil (cream), Fluoxymesterone, Flutamide, Folinic Acid, FUDR, Fulvestrant, G-CSF, Gefitinib, Gemcitabine, Gemtuzumab ozogamicin, Gemzar, Gleevec, Lupron, Lupron Depot, Matulane, Maxidex, Mechlorethamine, -Mechlorethamine Hydrochlorine, Medralone, Medrol, Megace, Megestrol, Megestrol Acetate, Melphalan, Mercaptopurine, Mesna, Mesnex, Methotrexate, Methotrexate Sodium, Methylprednisolone, Mylocel, Letrozole, Neosar, Neulasta, Neumega, Neupogen, Nilandron, Nilutamide, Nitrogen Mustard, Novaldex, Novantrone, Octreotide, Octreotide acetate, Oncospar, Oncovin, Ontak, Onxal, Oprevelkin, Orapred, Orasone, Oxaliplatin, Paclitaxel, Pamidronate, Panretin, Paraplatin, Pediapred, PEG Interferon, Pegaspargase, Pegfilgrastim, PEG-INTRON, PEG-L-asparaginase, Phenylalanine Mustard, Platinol, Platinol-AQ, Prednisolone, Prednisone, Prelone, Procarbazine, PROCRIT, Proleukin, Prolifeprospan 20 with Carmustine implant, Purinethol, Raloxifene, Rheumatrex, Rituxan, Rituximab, Roveron-A (interferon alfa-2a), Rubex, Rubidomycin hydrochloride, Sandostatin, Sandostatin LAR, Sargramostim, Solu-Cortef, Solu-Medrol, STI-571, Streptozocin, Tamoxifen, Targretin, Taxol, Taxotere, Temodar, Temozolomide, Teniposide, TESPA, Thalidomide, Thalomid, TheraCys, Thioguanine, Thioguanine Tabloid, Thiophosphoamide, Thioplex, Thiotepa, TICE, Toposar, Topotecan, Toremifene, Trastuzumab, Tretinoin, Trexall, Trisenox, TSPA, VCR, Velban, Velcade, VePesid, Vesanoid, Viadur, Vinblastine, Vinblastine Sulfate, Vincasar Pfs, Vincristine, Vinorelbine, Vinorelbine tartrate, VLB, VP-16, Vumon, Xeloda, Zanosar, Zevalin, Zinecard, Zoladex, Zoledronic acid, Zometa, Gliadel wafer, Glivec, GM-CSF, Goserelin, granulocyte colony stimulating factor, Halotestin, Herceptin, Hexadrol, Hexalen, Hexamethylmelamine, HMM, Hycamtin, Hydrea, Hydrocort Acetate, Hydrocortisone, Hydrocortisone sodium phosphate, Hydrocortisone sodium succinate, Hydrocortone phosphate, Hydroxyurea, Ibritumomab, Ibritumomab Tiuxetan, Idamycin, Idarubicin, Ifex, IFN-alpha, Ifosfamide, IL 2, IL-11, Imatinib mesylate, Imidazole Carboxamide, Interferon alfa, Interferon Alfa-2b (PEG conjugate), Interleukin 2, Interleukin-11, Intron A (interferon alfa-2b), Leucovorin, Leukeran, Leukine, Leuprolide, Leurocristine, Leustatin, Liposomal Ara-C, Liquid Pred, Lomustine, L-PAM, L-Sarcolysin, Meticorten, Mitomycin, Mitomycin-C, Mitoxantrone, M-Prednisol, MTC, MTX, Mustargen, Mustine, Mutamycin, Myleran, Iressa, Irinotecan, Isotretinoin, Kidrolase, Lanacort, L-asparaginase, and LCR. The additional anti-cancer agent can also include biopharmaceuticals such as, for example, antibodies.Many tumors and cancers have viral genome present in the tumor or cancer cells. For example, Epstein-Barr Virus (EBV) is associated with a number of mammalian malignancies. The compounds disclosed herein can also be used alone or in combination with anticancer or antiviral agents, such as ganciclovir, azidothymidine (AZT), lamivudine (3TC), etc., to treat patients infected with a virus that can cause cellular transformation and/or to treat patients having a tumor or cancer that is associated with the presence of viral genome in the cells. The compounds disclosed herein can also be used in combination with viral based treatments of oncologic disease.Also described herein are methods of killing a tumor cell in a subject. The method includes contacting the tumor cell with an effective amount of a compound or composition as described herein, and optionally includes the step of irradiating the tumor cell with an effective amount of ionizing radiation. Additionally, methods of radiotherapy of tumors are provided herein. The methods include contacting the tumor cell with an effective amount of a compound or composition as described herein, and irradiating the tumor with an effective amount of ionizing radiation. As used herein, the term ionizing radiation refers to radiation comprising particles or photons that have sufficient energy or can produce sufficient energy via nuclear interactions to produce ionization. An example of ionizing radiation is x-radiation. An effective amount of ionizing radiation refers to a dose of ionizing radiation that produces an increase in cell damage or death when administered in combination with the compounds described herein. The ionizing radiation can be delivered according to methods as known in the art, including administering radiolabeled antibodies and radioisotopes.The methods and compounds as described herein are useful for both prophylactic and therapeutic treatment. As used herein the term treating or treatment includes prevention; delay in onset; diminution, eradication, or delay in exacerbation of signs or symptoms after onset; and prevention of relapse. For prophylactic use, a therapeutically effective amount of the compounds and compositions or pharmaceutically acceptable salts thereof as described herein are administered to a subject prior to onset (e.g., before obvious signs of cancer), during early onset (e.g., upon initial signs and symptoms of cancer), or after an established development of cancer. Prophylactic administration can occur for several days to years prior to the manifestation of symptoms of an infection. Prophylactic administration can be used, for example, in the chemopreventative treatment of subjects presenting precancerous lesions, those diagnosed with early stage malignancies, and for subgroups with susceptibilities (e.g., family, racial, and/or occupational) to particular cancers. Therapeutic treatment involves administering to a subject a therapeutically effective amount of the compounds and compositions or pharmaceutically acceptable salts thereof as described herein after cancer is diagnosed.In some examples of the methods of treating of treating, preventing, or ameliorating cancer or a tumor in a subject, the compound or composition administered to the subject can comprise a therapeutic moiety that can comprise a targeting moiety that can act as an inhibitor against Ras (e.g., K-Ras), PTP1B, Pin1, Grb2 SH2, or combinations thereof.The disclosed subject matter also concerns methods for treating a subject having a metabolic disorder or condition. In one embodiment, an effective amount of one or more compounds or compositions disclosed herein is administered to a subject having a metabolic disorder and who is in need of treatment thereof. In some examples, the metabolic disorder can comprise type II diabetes. In some examples of the methods of treating of treating, preventing, or ameliorating the metabolic disorder in a subject, the compound or composition administered to the subject can comprise a therapeutic moiety that can comprise a targeting moiety that can act as an inhibitor against PTP1B. In one particular example of this method the subject is obese and the method comprises treating the subject for obesity by administering a composition as disclosed herein.The disclosed subject matter also concerns methods for treating a subject having an immune disorder or condition. In one embodiment, an effective amount of one or more compounds or compositions disclosed herein is administered to a subject having an immune disorder and who is in need of treatment thereof. In some examples of the methods of treating of treating, preventing, or ameliorating the immune disorder in a subject, the compound or composition administered to the subject can comprise a therapeutic moiety that can comprise a targeting moiety that can act as an inhibitor against Pin1.The disclosed subject matter also concerns methods for treating a subject having cystic fibrosis. In one embodiment, an effective amount of one or more compounds or compositions disclosed herein is administered to a subject having cystic fibrosis and who is in need of treatment thereof. In some examples of the methods of treating the cystic fibrosis in a subject, the compound or composition administered to the subject can comprise a therapeutic moiety that can comprise a targeting moiety that can act as an inhibitor against CAL PDZ.Compositions, Formulations and Methods of AdministrationIn vivo application of the disclosed compounds, and compositions containing them, can be accomplished by any suitable method and technique presently or prospectively known to those skilled in the art. For example, the disclosed compounds can be formulated in a physiologically- or pharmaceutically-acceptable form and administered by any suitable route known in the art including, for example, oral, nasal, rectal, topical, and parenteral routes of administration. As used herein, the term parenteral includes subcutaneous, intradermal, intravenous, intramuscular, intraperitoneal, and intrasternal administration, such as by injection. Administration of the disclosed compounds or compositions can be a single administration, or at continuous or distinct intervals as can be readily determined by a person skilled in the art.The compounds disclosed herein, and compositions comprising them, can also be administered utilizing liposome technology, slow release capsules, implantable pumps, and biodegradable containers. These delivery methods can, advantageously, provide a uniform dosage over an extended period of time. The compounds can also be administered in their salt derivative forms or crystalline forms.The compounds disclosed herein can be formulated according to known methods for preparing pharmaceutically acceptable compositions. Formulations are described in detail in a number of sources which are well known and readily available to those skilled in the art. For example, Remington's Pharmaceutical Science by E. W. Martin (1995) describes formulations that can be used in connection with the disclosed methods. In general, the compounds disclosed herein can be formulated such that an effective amount of the compound is combined with a suitable carrier in order to facilitate effective administration of the compound. The compositions used can also be in a variety of forms. These include, for example, solid, semi-solid, and liquid dosage forms, such as tablets, pills, powders, liquid solutions or suspension, suppositories, injectable and infusible solutions, and sprays. The preferred form depends on the intended mode of administration and therapeutic application. The compositions also preferably include conventional pharmaceutically-acceptable carriers and diluents which are known to those skilled in the art. Examples of carriers or diluents for use with the compounds include ethanol, dimethyl sulfoxide, glycerol, alumina, starch, saline, and equivalent carriers and diluents. To provide for the administration of such dosages for the desired therapeutic treatment, compositions disclosed herein can advantageously comprise between about 0.1% and 100% by weight of the total of one or more of the subject compounds based on the weight of the total composition including carrier or diluent.Formulations suitable for administration include, for example, aqueous sterile injection solutions, which can contain antioxidants, buffers, bacteriostats, and solutes that render the formulation isotonic with the blood of the intended recipient; and aqueous and nonaqueous sterile suspensions, which can include suspending agents and thickening agents. The formulations can be presented in unit-dose or multi-dose containers, for example sealed ampoules and vials, and can be stored in a freeze dried (lyophilized) condition requiring only the condition of the sterile liquid carrier, for example, water for injections, prior to use. Extemporaneous injection solutions and suspensions can be prepared from sterile powder, granules, tablets, etc. It should be understood that in addition to the ingredients particularly mentioned above, the compositions disclosed herein can include other agents conventional in the art having regard to the type of formulation in question.Compounds disclosed herein, and compositions comprising them, can be delivered to a cell either through direct contact with the cell or via a carrier means. Carrier means for delivering compounds and compositions to cells are known in the art and include, for example, encapsulating the composition in a liposome moiety. Another means for delivery of compounds and compositions disclosed herein to a cell comprises attaching the compounds to a protein or nucleic acid that is targeted for delivery to the target cell. U.S. Pat. No. 6,960,648 and U.S. Application Publication Nos. 20030032594 and 20020120100 disclose amino acid sequences that can be coupled to another composition and that allows the composition to be translocated across biological membranes. U.S. Application Publication No. 20020035243 also describes compositions for transporting biological moieties across cell membranes for intracellular delivery. Compounds can also be incorporated into polymers, examples of which include poly (D-L lactide-co-glycolide) polymer for intracranial tumors; poly[bis(p-carboxyphenoxy) propane:sebacic acid] in a 20:80 molar ratio (as used in GLIADEL); chondroitin; chitin; and chitosan.For the treatment of oncological disorders, the compounds disclosed herein can be administered to a patient in need of treatment in combination with other antitumor or anticancer substances and/or with radiation and/or photodynamic therapy and/or with surgical treatment to remove a tumor. These other substances or treatments can be given at the same as or at different times from the compounds disclosed herein. For example, the compounds disclosed herein can be used in combination with mitotic inhibitors such as taxol or vinblastine, alkylating agents such as cyclophosamide or ifosfamide, antimetabolites such as 5-fluorouracil or hydroxyurea, DNA intercalators such as adriamycin or bleomycin, topoisomerase inhibitors such as etoposide or camptothecin, antiangiogenic agents such as angiostatin, antiestrogens such as tamoxifen, and/or other anti-cancer drugs or antibodies, such as, for example, GLEEVEC (Novartis Pharmaceuticals Corporation) and HERCEPTIN (Genentech, Inc.), respectively, or an immunotherapeutic such as ipilimumab and bortezomib.In certain examples, compounds and compositions disclosed herein can be locally administered at one or more anatomical sites, such as sites of unwanted cell growth (such as a tumor site or benign skin growth, e.g., injected or topically applied to the tumor or skin growth), optionally in combination with a pharmaceutically acceptable carrier such as an inert diluent. Compounds and compositions disclosed herein can be systemically administered, such as intravenously or orally, optionally in combination with a pharmaceutically acceptable carrier such as an inert diluent, or an assimilable edible carrier for oral delivery. They can be enclosed in hard or soft shell gelatin capsules, can be compressed into tablets, or can be incorporated directly with the food of the patient's diet. For oral therapeutic administration, the active compound can be combined with one or more excipients and used in the form of ingestible tablets, buccal tablets, troches, capsules, elixirs, suspensions, syrups, wafers, aerosol sprays, and the like.The disclosed compositions are bioavailable and can be delivered orally. Oral compositions can be tablets, troches, pills, capsules, and the like, and can also contain the following: binders such as gum tragacanth, acacia, corn starch or gelatin; excipients such as dicalcium phosphate; a disintegrating agent such as corn starch, potato starch, alginic acid and the like; a lubricant such as magnesium stearate; and a sweetening agent such as sucrose, fructose, lactose or aspartame or a flavoring agent such as peppermint, oil of wintergreen, or cherry flavoring can be added. When the unit dosage form is a capsule, it can contain, in addition to materials of the above type, a liquid carrier, such as a vegetable oil or a polyethylene glycol. Various other materials can be present as coatings or to otherwise modify the physical form of the solid unit dosage form. For instance, tablets, pills, or capsules can be coated with gelatin, wax, shellac, or sugar and the like. A syrup or elixir can contain the active compound, sucrose or fructose as a sweetening agent, methyl and propylparabens as preservatives, a dye and flavoring such as cherry or orange flavor. Of course, any material used in preparing any unit dosage form should be pharmaceutically acceptable and substantially non-toxic in the amounts employed. In addition, the active compound can be incorporated into sustained-release preparations and devices.Compounds and compositions disclosed herein, including pharmaceutically acceptable salts or prodrugs thereof, can be administered intravenously, intramuscularly, or intraperitoneally by infusion or injection. Solutions of the active agent or its salts can be prepared in water, optionally mixed with a nontoxic surfactant. Dispersions can also be prepared in glycerol, liquid polyethylene glycols, triacetin, and mixtures thereof and in oils. Under ordinary conditions of storage and use, these preparations can contain a preservative to prevent the growth of microorganisms.The pharmaceutical dosage forms suitable for injection or infusion can include sterile aqueous solutions or dispersions or sterile powders comprising the active ingredient, which are adapted for the extemporaneous preparation of sterile injectable or infusible solutions or dispersions, optionally encapsulated in liposomes. The ultimate dosage form should be sterile, fluid and stable under the conditions of manufacture and storage. The liquid carrier or vehicle can be a solvent or liquid dispersion medium comprising, for example, water, ethanol, a polyol (for example, glycerol, propylene glycol, liquid polyethylene glycols, and the like), vegetable oils, nontoxic glyceryl esters, and suitable mixtures thereof. The proper fluidity can be maintained, for example, by the formation of liposomes, by the maintenance of the required particle size in the case of dispersions or by the use of surfactants. Optionally, the prevention of the action of microorganisms can be brought about by various other antibacterial and antifungal agents, for example, parabens, chlorobutanol, phenol, sorbic acid, thimerosal, and the like. In many cases, it will be preferable to include isotonic agents, for example, sugars, buffers or sodium chloride. Prolonged absorption of the injectable compositions can be brought about by the inclusion of agents that delay absorption, for example, aluminum monostearate and gelatin.Sterile injectable solutions are prepared by incorporating a compound and/or agent disclosed herein in the required amount in the appropriate solvent with various other ingredients enumerated above, as required, followed by filter sterilization. In the case of sterile powders for the preparation of sterile injectable solutions, the preferred methods of preparation are vacuum drying and the freeze drying techniques, which yield a powder of the active ingredient plus any additional desired ingredient present in the previously sterile-filtered solutions.For topical administration, compounds and agents disclosed herein can be applied in as a liquid or solid. However, it will generally be desirable to administer them topically to the skin as compositions, in combination with a dermatologically acceptable carrier, which can be a solid or a liquid. Compounds and agents and compositions disclosed herein can be applied topically to a subject's skin to reduce the size (and can include complete removal) of malignant or benign growths, or to treat an infection site. Compounds and agents disclosed herein can be applied directly to the growth or infection site. Preferably, the compounds and agents are applied to the growth or infection site in a formulation such as an ointment, cream, lotion, solution, tincture, or the like.Useful solid carriers include finely divided solids such as talc, clay, microcrystalline cellulose, silica, alumina and the like. Useful liquid carriers include water, alcohols or glycols or water-alcohol/glycol blends, in which the compounds can be dissolved or dispersed at effective levels, optionally with the aid of non-toxic surfactants. Adjuvants such as fragrances and additional antimicrobial agents can be added to optimize the properties for a given use. The resultant liquid compositions can be applied from absorbent pads, used to impregnate bandages and other dressings, or sprayed onto the affected area using pump-type or aerosol sprayers, for example.Thickeners such as synthetic polymers, fatty acids, fatty acid salts and esters, fatty alcohols, modified celluloses or modified mineral materials can also be employed with liquid carriers to form spreadable pastes, gels, ointments, soaps, and the like, for application directly to the skin of the user.Useful dosages of the compounds and agents and pharmaceutical compositions disclosed herein can be determined by comparing their in vitro activity, and in vivo activity in animal models. Methods for the extrapolation of effective dosages in mice, and other animals, to humans are known to the art.The dosage ranges for the administration of the compositions are those large enough to produce the desired effect in which the symptoms or disorder are affected. The dosage should not be so large as to cause adverse side effects, such as unwanted cross-reactions, anaphylactic reactions, and the like. Generally, the dosage will vary with the age, condition, sex and extent of the disease in the patient and can be determined by one of skill in the art. The dosage can be adjusted by the individual physician in the event of any counterindications. Dosage can vary, and can be administered in one or more dose administrations daily, for one or several days.Also disclosed are pharmaceutical compositions that comprise a compound disclosed herein in combination with a pharmaceutically acceptable carrier. Pharmaceutical compositions adapted for oral, topical or parenteral administration, comprising an amount of a compound constitute a preferred aspect. The dose administered to a patient, particularly a human, should be sufficient to achieve a therapeutic response in the patient over a reasonable time frame, without lethal toxicity, and preferably causing no more than an acceptable level of side effects or morbidity. One skilled in the art will recognize that dosage will depend upon a variety of factors including the condition (health) of the subject, the body weight of the subject, kind of concurrent treatment, if any, frequency of treatment, therapeutic ratio, as well as the severity and stage of the pathological condition.Also disclosed are kits that comprise a compound disclosed herein in one or more containers. The disclosed kits can optionally include pharmaceutically acceptable carriers and/or diluents. In one embodiment, a kit includes one or more other components, adjuncts, or adjuvants as described herein. In another embodiment, a kit includes one or more anti-cancer agents, such as those agents described herein. In one embodiment, a kit includes instructions or packaging materials that describe how to administer a compound or composition of the kit. Containers of the kit can be of any suitable material, e.g., glass, plastic, metal, etc., and of any suitable size, shape, or configuration. In one embodiment, a compound and/or agent disclosed herein is provided in the kit as a solid, such as a tablet, pill, or powder form. In another embodiment, a compound and/or agent disclosed herein is provided in the kit as a liquid or solution. In one embodiment, the kit comprises an ampoule or syringe containing a compound and/or agent disclosed herein in liquid or solution form.A number of embodiments of the invention have been described. Nevertheless, it will be understood that various modifications may be made without departing from the spirit and scope of the invention. Accordingly, other embodiments are within the scope of the following claims.EXAMPLESThe following examples are set forth to illustrate the methods and results according to the disclosed subject matter. These examples are not intended to be inclusive of all aspects of the subject matter disclosed herein, but rather to illustrate representative methods and results. These examples are not intended to exclude equivalents and variations which are apparent to one skilled in the art.Efforts have been made to ensure accuracy with respect to numbers (e.g., amounts, temperature, etc.) but some errors and deviations should be accounted for. Unless indicated otherwise, parts are parts by weight, temperature is in ° C. or is at ambient temperature, and pressure is at or near atmospheric. There are numerous variations and combinations of reaction conditions, e.g., component concentrations, temperatures, pressures and other reaction ranges and conditions that can be used to optimize the product purity and yield obtained from the described process. Only reasonable and routine experimentation will be required to optimize such process conditions.Example 1Cyclic heptapeptide cyclo(FΦRRRRQ) (cFΦR4, where Φ is L-2-naphthylalanine) was found to be efficiently internalized by mammalian cells. In this study, its mechanism of internalization was investigated by perturbing various endocytic events through the introduction of pharmacologic agents and genetic mutations. The results show that cFΦR4 can bind directly to membrane phospholipids, can be internalized into human cancer cells through endocytosis, and can escape from early endosomes into the cytoplasm. Its cargo capacity was examined with a wide variety of molecules including small-molecule dyes, linear and cyclic peptides of various charged states, and proteins. Depending on the nature of the cargos, they may be delivered by endocyclic (insertion of cargo into the cFΦR4 ring), exocyclic (attachment of cargo to the Gln side chain), or bicyclic approaches (fusion of cFΦR4 and cyclic cargo rings). The overall delivery efficiency (i.e., delivery of cargo into the cytoplasm and nucleus) of cFΦR4 was 4-12-fold higher than those of nonaarginine (R9), HIV Tat derived peptide (Tat), or penetratin (Antp). The higher delivery efficiency, coupled with superior serum stability, minimal toxicity, and synthetic accessibility, renders cFΦR4 a useful transporter for intracellular cargo delivery and a suitable system for investigating the mechanism of endosomal escape.IntroductionThe plasma membrane presents a major challenge in drug discovery, especially for biologics such as peptides, proteins and nucleic acids. One potential strategy to subvert the membrane barrier and deliver the biologics into cells is to attach them to “cell-penetrating peptides (CPPs)”. Since the initial observation that HIV trans-activator of transcription, Tat, internalizes into mammalian cells and activates viral replication in the late 1980s (Frankel, A D and Pabo, C O. Cell, 1988, 55, 1189-1193; Green, M and Loewenstein, P M. Cell, 1988, 55, 1179-1188) a large number of CPPs consisting of 6-20 residues have been reported (Langel, Ü. Cell-penetrating peptides: methods and protocols, Humana Press, New York, 2011, p xv; Schmidt, Net al. FEBS Lett., 2010, 584, 1806-1813; Futaki, S. Adv. Drug Delivery Rev., 2005, 57, 547-558; Stewart, K M et al. Org. Biomol. Chem., 2008, 6, 2242-2255; Deshayes, S et al. Cell. Mol. Life Sci., 2005, 62, 1839-1849; Goun, E A et al. ChemBioChem, 2005, 7, 1497-1515). CPPs have been used to deliver small-molecule drugs (Rothbard, J B et al. Nat. Med., 2000, 6, 1253-1257; Nori, A et al. Bioconjugate Chem., 2003, 14, 44-50), DNA (Hoyer, J and Neundorf, I. Acc. Chem. Res., 2012, 45, 1048-1056; Eguchi, A et al. J. Biol. Chem., 2001, 276, 26204-26210), RNA (Nakase, I et al. Acc. Chem. Res., 2012, 45, 1132-1139; Andaloussi, S E et al. Nucleic Acids Res., 2011, 39, 3972-3987; Jeong, J H et al. Bioconjugate Chem., 2009, 20, 5-14; Muratovska, A and Eccles, M R. FEBS Lett., 2004, 558, 63-68), proteins (Wadia, J S and Dowdy, S F. Adv. Drug Delivery Rev., 2005, 57, 579-596; Pooga, M et al. FASEB J., 2001, 15, 1451-1453; Schwarze, S R et al. Science, 1999, 285, 1569-1572), and nanoparticles (Josephson, L et al. Bioconjugate Chem., 1999, 10, 186-191; Gupta, B et al. Adv. Drug Delivery Rev., 2005, 57, 637-651; Liu, J et al. Biomacromolecules, 2001, 2, 362-8), into mammalian cells and tissues through either covalent attachment or electrostatic association. Many CPPs display minimal toxicity and immunogenicity at physiologically relevant concentrations (Saar, K et al. Anal. Biochem., 2005, 345, 55-65; Suhorutsenko, J et al. Bioconjugate Chem., 2011, 22, 2255-2262) and the incorporation of specific unnatural amino acids (Rueping, M et al. ChemBioChem, 2002, 3, 257-259) and other chemical moieties (Cooley, C B et al. J. Am. Chem. Soc., 2009, 131, 16401-16403; Pham, W et al. Chembiochem, 2004, 5, 1148-1151) have been found to increase stability and cytosolic delivery.Despite three decades of investigation, the fundamental basis for CPP activity remains elusive. Two distinct and non-mutually exclusive mechanisms have been proposed for the CPPs whose primary sequences are characterized by having multiple arginine residues. In the first mechanism (direct membrane translocation), the arginine guanidinium groups interact with phospholipids of the plasma membrane to generate neutral ion pairs that passively diffuse across the membrane (Herce, H D and Garcia, A E. Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. U.S.A., 2007, 104, 20805-20810; Hirose, H et al. Mol. Ther., 2012, 20, 984-993) or promote the formation of transient pores that permit the CPPs to traverse the lipid bilayer (Herce, H D et al. Biophys. J., 2009, 97, 1917-1925; Palm-Apergi, C et al. FASEB J., 2009, 23, 214-223). In the second mechanism, CPPs associate with cell surface glycoproteins and membrane phospholipids, internalize into cells through endocytosis (Richard, J P et al. J. Biol. Chem., 2005, 280, 15300-15306; Ferrari, A et al. Mol. Ther., 2003, 8, 284-294; Fittipaldi, A et al. J. Biol. Chem., 2003, 278, 34141-34149; Kaplan, I M et al. J. Controlled Release, 2005, 102, 247-253; Nakase, I et al. Biochemistry, 2007, 46, 492-501) and subsequently exit from endosomes into the cytoplasm. Taken together, the majority of data show that at low CPP concentrations, cellular uptake occurs mostly through endocytosis, whereas direct membrane translocation becomes prevalent at concentrations above 10 μM (Duchardt, F et al. Traffic, 2007, 8, 848-866). However, the mechanism(s) of entry and the efficiency of uptake may vary with the CPP identity, cargo, cell type, and other factors (Mueller, J et al. Bioconjugate Chem., 2008, 19, 2363-2374; Maiolo, J R et al. Biochim. Biophys. Acta., 2005, 1712, 161-172).CPPs that enter cells via endocytosis must exit from endocytic vesicles in order to reach the cytosol. Unfortunately, the endosomal membrane has proven to be a significant barrier towards cytoplasmic delivery by these CPPs; often a negligible fraction of the peptides escapes into the cell interior (El-Sayed, A et al. AAPS J., 2009, 11, 13-22; Varkouhi, A K et al. J. Controlled Release, 2011, 151, 220-228; Appelbaum, J S et al. Chem. Biol., 2012, 19, 819-830). For example, even in the presence of the fusogenic hemagglutinin peptide HA2, which has been demonstrated to enhance endosomal cargo release, >99% of a Tat-Cre fusion protein remains entrapped in macropinosomes 24 h after initial uptake (Kaplan, I M et al. J. Controlled Release, 2005 102, 247-253). Recently, two new types of CPPs with improved endosomal escape efficiencies have been discovered. Appelbaum et al. showed that folded miniature proteins containing a discrete penta-arginine motif were able to effectively overcome endosomal entrapment and reach the cytosol of mammalian cells (Appelbaum, J S et al. Chem. Biol., 2012, 19, 819-830). This motif consists of five arginines across three turns of an α-helix, and proteins containing this motif were released from early (Rab5+) endosomes into the cell interior. It has also been found that cyclization of certain arginine-rich CPPs enhances their cellular uptake (Qian, Z et al. ACS Chem. Biol., 2013, 8, 423-431; Lattig-Tunnemann, G et al. Nat. Commun., 2011, 2, 453; Mandal, D et al. Angew. Chem. Int. Ed., 2011, 50, 9633-9637; Zhao, K et al. Soft Matter, 2012, 8, 6430-6433). Small amphipathic cyclic peptides such as cyclo(FΦRRRRQ) (cFΦR4, where Φ is L-2-naphthylalanine) are internalized by mammalian cells in an energy-dependent manner, and enter the cytoplasm and nucleus with efficiencies 2-5-fold higher than that of nonaarginine (R9) (Qian, Z et al. ACS Chem. Biol., 2013, 8, 423-431). Moreover, membrane impermeable cargos such as phosphopeptides can be inserted into the cFΦR4 ring resulting in their delivery into the cytoplasm of target cells. However, insertion of a cargo into the cyclic peptide ring, which is referred to herein as the “endocyclic” delivery method (FIG. 1A), is limited to relatively short peptides (≦7 amino acids), as large rings display poor internalization efficiency (Qian, Z et al. ACS Chem. Biol., 2013, 8, 423-431).To gain insight into the cFΦR4 mechanism of action and potentially design cyclic CPPs of still higher efficiency, herein the internalization mechanism of cFΦR4 was investigated through the use of artificial membranes and pharmacologic agents as well as genetic mutations that perturb various endocytic events. The data show that cFΦR4 can bind directly to the plasma membrane phospholipids and can enter cells through endocytosis. Like the miniature proteins displaying the penta-arginine motif (Appelbaum, J S et al. Chem. Biol., 2012, 19, 819-830), cFΦR4 can escape from the early endosomes into the cytosol. The ability of cFΦR4 to deliver a wide range of cargo molecules, including linear peptides of varying charges, cyclic peptides, and large proteins, into the cytoplasm of mammalian cells by exocyclic (attachment of cargo to the Gln side chain;FIG. 1B) or bicyclic delivery methods (fusion of the cFΦR4 and cyclic cargo rings;FIG. 1C) was also examined. It was found that cFΦR4 is tolerant to the size and nature of cargos and efficiently transported all of the cargos tested into the cytoplasm and nucleus of mammalian cells. In addition, cFΦR4 exhibits superior stability against proteolysis over linear CPPs but minimal cytotoxicity. cFΦR4therefore provides a practically useful transporter for cytosolic cargo delivery as well as a system for investigating the mechanism of early endosomal cargo release.Materials. Reagents for peptide synthesis were purchased from Advanced ChemTech (Louisville, Ky.), NovaBiochem (La Jolla, Calif.), or Anaspec (San Jose, Calif.). 2,2′-Dipyridyl disulfide, Lissamine rhodamine B sulfonyl chloride, fluorescein isothiocyanate (FITC), dexamethasone (Dex), coenzyme A trilithium salt, FITC-labeled dextran (dextranFITC) and human serum were purchased from Sigma-Aldrich (St. Louis, Mo.). Cell culture media, fetal bovine serum (FBS), penicillin-streptomycin, 0.25% trypsin-EDTA, Hoescht 33342, Alexa488-labeled dextran (dextranAlexa488), Dulbecco's phosphate-buffered saline (DPBS) (2.67 mM potassium chloride, 1.47 mM potassium phosphate monobasic, 137 mM sodium chloride, 8.06 mM sodium phosphate dibasic), and Lipofectamine 2000 were purchased from Invitrogen (Carlsbad, Calif.). PD-10 desalting columns were purchased from GE-Healthcare (Piscataway, N.J.). Nuclear staining dye DRAQ5™ was purchased from Thermo Scientific (Rockford, Ill.), while cell proliferation kit (MTT) was purchased from Roche (Indianapolis, Ind.). Anti-phosphotyrosine (pY) antibody (clone 4G10) was purchased from Millipore (Temecula, Calif.).Rink resin LS (100-200 mesh, 0.2 mmol/g) was purchased from Advanced ChemTech. LC-SMCC (succinimidyl-4-[N-maleimidomethyl] cyclohexane-1-carboxy-[6-amidocaproate]) was purchased from Thermo Scientific (Rockford, Ill.), while 1-palmitoyl-2-oleoyl-sn-glycero-3-phosphocholine (POPC), 1-palmitoyl-2-oleoyl-sn-glycero-3-phospho(1′-rac-glycerol) (sodium salt) (POPG), 1-palmitoyl-2-oleoyl-sn-glycero-3-phophoethanolamine (POPE), sphingomyelin (Brain, Porcine), and cholesterol were purchased from Avanti Polar Lipids (Alabaster, Ala.). Heparan sulfate (HO-03103, Lot #HO-10697) was obtained from Celcus Laboratories (Cincinnati, Ohio).Peptide Synthesis and Labeling. Peptides were synthesized on Rink Resin LS (0.2 mmol/g) using standard Fmoc chemistry. The typical coupling reaction contained 5 equiv of Fmoc-amino acid, 5 equiv of 2-(7-aza-1H-benzotriazole-1-yl)-1,1,3,3-tetramethyluronium hexafluorophosphate (HATU) and 10 equiv of diisopropylethylamine (DIPEA) and was allowed to proceed with mixing for 75 min. After the addition of the last (N-terminal) residue, the allyl group on the C-terminal Glu residue was removed by treatment with Pd(PPh3)4 and phenylsilane (0.1 and 10 equiv, respectively) in anhydrous DCM (3×15 min). The N-terminal Fmoc group was removed by treatment with 20% piperidine in DMF and the peptide was cyclized by treatment with benzotriazole-1-yl-oxy-tris-pyrrolidino-phosphonium hexafluorophosphate (PyBOP)/HOBt/DIPEA (5, 5, and 10 equiv) in DMF for 3 h. The peptides were deprotected and released from the resin by treatment with 82.5:5:5:5:2.5 (v/v) TFA/thioanisole/water/phenol/ethanedithiol for 2 h. The peptides were triturated with cold ethyl ether (3×) and purified by reversed-phase HPLC on a C18 column. The authenticity of each peptide was confirmed by MALDI-TOF mass spectrometry.Peptide labeling with FITC was performed by dissolving the purified peptide (˜1 mg) in 300 μL of 1:1:1 (vol/vol) DMSO/DMF/150 mM sodium bicarbonate (pH 8.5) and mixing with 10 μL of FITC in DMSO (100 mg/mL). After 20 min at room temperature, the reaction mixture was subjected to reversed-phase HPLC on a C18 column to isolate the FITC-labeled peptide. To generate rhodamine- and Dex-labeled peptides (FIG. 2), an Nε-4-methoxytrityl-L-lysine was added to the C-terminus. After the solid phase peptide synthesis, the lysine side chain was selectively deprotected using 1% (v/v) trifluoroacetic acid in CH2Cl2. The resin was incubated with Lissamine rhodamine B sulfonyl chloride/DIPEA (5 equiv each) in DMF overnight. The peptides were fully deprotected, triturated with diethyl ether, and purified by HPLC. The Dex-labeled peptide was produced by incubating the resin with dexamethasone-21-thiopropionic acid/HBTU/DIPEA (5, 5, and 10 equiv) in DMF for 3 h (Appelbaum, J S et al. Chem. Biol., 2012, 19, 819-830). The peptide was then deprotected, triturated, and purified by HPLC. Bicyclic peptides, phosphocoumaryl aminopropionic acid (pCAP), and pCAP-containing peptides (PCPs) were synthesized as previously described (Lian, W et al. J. Am. Chem. Soc., 2013, 135, 11990-11995; Mitra, S and Barrios, A M. Bioorg. Med. Chem. Lett., 2005, 15, 5124-5145; Stanford, S M et al. Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. U.S.A., 2012, 109, 13972-13977). The authenticity of each peptide was confirmed by MALDI-TOF mass spectrometry.Preparation of cFΦR4-Protein Conjugates. The gene coding for the catalytic domain of PTP1B (amino acids 1-321) was amplified by the polymerase chain reaction using PTP1B cDNA as template and oligonucleotides 5′-ggaattccatatggagatggaaaaggagttcgagcag-3′ and 5′-gggatccgtcgacattgtgtggctccaggattcgtttgg-3′ as primers. The resulting DNA fragment was digested with endonucleases Nde I and Sal I and inserted into prokaryotic vector pET-22b(+)-ybbR (Yin, J et al. Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. U.S.A., 2005, 102, 15815-15820). This cloning procedure resulted in the addition of a ybbR tag (VLDSLEFIASKL) to the N-terminus of PTP1B. Expression and purification of the ybbR tagged PTP1B were carried out as previously described (Ren, L et al. Biochemistry, 2011, 50, 2339-2356).Peptide cFΦR4 containing a C-terminal cysteine (cFΦR4-SH, ˜10 μmol;  FIG. 3) was dissolved in 1 mL of degassed DPBS and mixed with 2,2′-dipyridyl disulfide (5 equiv) dissolved in acetone (0.5 mL). After 2 h at room temperature, the reaction product cFΦR4-SS-Py was purified by reversed-phase HPLC. The product was incubated with coenzyme A (2 equiv) in DPBS for 2 h. The resulting cFΦR4-SS-CoA adduct was purified again by reversed-phase HPLC. Green fluorescent protein (GFP) containing an N-terminal ybbR tag (VLDSLEFIASKL) and a C-terminal six-histidine tag was expressed in Escherichia coli and purified as previously described (Yin, J et al. Proc Natl. Acad Sci. U.S.A., 2005, 102, 15815-15820). Next, ybbR-GFP (30 μM), cFΦR4-SS-CoA (30 μM), and phosphopantetheinyl transferase Sfp (0.5 μM) were mixed in 50 mM HEPES (pH 7.4), 10 mM MgCl2 (total volume 1.5 mL) and incubated at 37° C. for 15 min. The labeled protein, cFΦR4-S-S-GFP (  FIG. 3), was separated from unreacted cFΦR4-SS-CoA by passing the reaction mixture through a PD-10 desalting column. GFP conjugated to Tat (Tat-S-S-GFP) and cFΦR4-conjugated PTP1B (cFΦR4-PTP1B) were prepared in a similar fashion (FIG. 4).Peptide containing a C-terminal lysine (cFΦR4-Lys, ˜10 μmol; FIG. 4) was synthesized on the solid phase, deprotected and released from the support, dissolved in degassed DPBS (pH 7.4, 1 mL), and mixed with bifunctional linker LC-SMCC (5 equiv) dissolved in DMSO (0.2 mL). After incubation at room temperature for 2 h, the reaction product cFΦR4-SMCC (FIG. 4) was purified by reversed-phase HPLC equipped with a C18 column. The product was then mixed with coenzyme A (2 equiv) in DPBS and incubated for 2 h. The resulting cFΦR4-SMCC-CoA adduct was purified again by reversed-phase HPLC. Next, ybbR-tagged PTP1B (30 μM), cFΦR4-SMCC-CoA (30 μM), and phosphopantetheinyl transferase Sfp (0.5 μM) were mixed in 50 mM HEPES (pH 7.4), 10 mM MgCl2 (total volume of 1.5 mL) and incubated at 37° C. for 15 min. The labeled protein (cFΦR4-PTP1B; FIG. 4) was separated from unreacted cFΦR4-SMCC-CoA by passing the reaction mixture through a PD-10 desalting column eluted with DPBS.Cell Culture and Transfection. HEK293, HeLa, MCF-7, NIH 3T3 and A549 cells were maintained in medium consisting of DMEM, 10% FBS and 1% penicillin/streptomycin. Jurkat, H1650, and H1299 cells were grown in RPMI-1640 supplemented with 10% FBS and 1% penicillin/streptomycin. Cells were cultured in a humidified incubator at 37° C. with 5% CO2. For HeLa cells transfection, cells were seeded onto 96-well plate at a density of 10,000 cells/well. Following attachment, cells were transfected with plasmids encoding Rab5-green fluorescent protein fusion (Rab5-GFP), Rab7-GFP (Addgene plasmid #28047), glucocorticoid receptor (C638G)-GFP fusion (GR-GFP) (Holub, J M et al. Biochemistry, 2013, 50, 9036-6046), DsRed-Rab5 WT (Addgene plasmid #13050) or DsRed-Rab5Q79L (Addgene plasmid #29688) following Lipofectamine 2000 manufacturer protocols.Preparation of Small Unilamellar Vesicles (SUVs). SUVs were prepared by modifying a previously reported procedure (Magzoub, M et al. Biochim. Biophys. Acta, 2002, 1563, 53-63). A proper lipid mixture was dissolved in chloroform in a test tube. The lipid mixture was dried gently by blowing argon over the solution, and kept in a desiccator overnight. The dried lipids were rehydrated in DPBS to final total lipid concentration of 10 mM. The suspension was rigorously mixed by vortexing and sonication on ice until it became clear. A typical preparation yields a homogeneous solution containing vesicles with average diameter of ˜80 nm and polydispersity (PdI) index of <0.15 as determined by dynamic light scattering measurements using Zeta Sizer Nano Series (Malvern, Brookhaven, Conn.). The SUV solution was stored at 4° C. and used for FP experiments on the same day.Fluorescence Polarization. A typical experiment was performed by incubating 100 nM FITC-labeled peptide with varying concentrations of heparan sulfate (0-5,000 nM) in DPBS for 2 h at room temperature. The FP values were measured on a Molecular Devices Spectramax M5 spectrofluorimeter, with excitation and emission wavelengths at 485 and 525 nm, respectively. EC50 were determined by plotting the FP values as a function of heparan sulfate concentrations and fitted to a four-parameter logistic curve with GraphPad PRISM ver.6 software.To obtain the EC50 value of CPP with lipid membranes, the FP experiment was similarly conducted using 100 nM FITC-labeled peptide with increasing concentrations of SUV solutions (0-10 mM) in DPBS. The FP values were similarly measured, plotted, and analyzed.Image Analysis. Raw images were uniformly modified using imageJ. Pearson's correlation coefficient (R) was obtained from endosomal regions using Just Another Colocalization Plugin (JACoP) (Bolte, S and Cordelieres, F P. J. Microsc., 2006, 224, 213-232). For GR-GFP translocation assay, individual GFP and Hoescht images were loaded into a customized CellProfiler pipeline and colored to grey (Carpenter, A E et al. Genome Biol., 2006, 7, R100). Nuclei were distinguished from the Hoescht image via Otsu automatic three-class thresholding, with pixels of the middle intensity class assigned to background. Clumped objects were identified using Laplacian of Gaussian modeling and separated by shape. The nuclear region was defined as the diameter of the Hoescht objects shrunken by 1 μm, while the cytosolic ring region was defined as the region between the nuclear diameter and the nuclear diameter expanded 2 μm. The translocation ratio was defined as the mean GFP signal inside the nuclear region divided by the mean GFP signal within the cytosolic region measured per cell, and 30-70 cells from 15-30 images were captured for each condition tested.Confocal Microscopy. To examine the co-localization between rhodamine-labeled cyclic peptide (cFΦR4Rho) and Rab5+ or Rab7+ endosomes, HeLa cells transfected with Rab5-GFP or Rab7-GFP were plated (200 μL, 104 cells/well, 96-well glass bottom MatriPlates) the day prior to the experiment. On the day of experiment, HeLa cells were treated with 1 μM cFΦR4Rho in DMEM media supplemented with 300 nM Hoescht 33342 for 30 min. After that, the cells were washed with HKR buffer (10 mM HEPES, pH 7.4, 140 mM NaCl, 2 mM KCl, 1 mM CaCl2, 1 mM MgCl2) and imaged using a PerkinElmer LiveView spinning disk confocal microscope.For GR translocation assay, HeLa cells transfected with GR-GFP were plated as described above (Holub, J M et al. Biochemistry, 2013, 50, 9036-6046). The cells were treated for 30 min with DMEM media containing 1 μM Dex or Dex-peptide conjugate and 300 nM Hoescht 33342 and imaged using a Zeiss Axiovert 200M epifluorescence microscope outfitted with Ziess Axiocam mRM camera and an EXFO-Excite series 120 Hg arc lamp. To examine the effect of endocytosis inhibitors, transfected HeLa cells were pretreated for 30 min with clear DMEM containing the inhibitors before incubation with Dex or Dex-peptide conjugates. To test whether Rab5 activity is required for endosomal escape, HeLa cells were transfected with GR-GFP and DsRed-Rab5 WT or DsRed-Rab5Q79L before treatment with Dex or Dex-peptide conjugate and imaged as described above (Appelbaum, J S et al. Chem. Biol., 2012, 19, 819-830).To examine the internalization of rhodamine-labeled peptides, 5×104 HEK293 cells were plated in a 35 mm glass-bottomed microwell dish (MatTek). On the day of experiment, the cells were incubated with the peptide solution (5 μM) and 0.5 mg/mL dextranFITC at 37° C. for 2 h. The cells were gently washed with DPBS twice and imaged on a Visitech Infinity 3 Hawk 2D-array live cell imaging confocal microscope. To detect the internalization of pCAP-containing peptides, HEK293 cells were similarly plated and incubated with the peptide solution (5 μM) at 37° C. for 60 min. After removal of the medium, the cells were gently washed with DPBS containing sodium pervanadate (1 mM) twice and incubated for 10 min in DPBS containing 5 μM nuclear staining dye DRAQ5. The resulting cells were washed with DPBS twice and imaged on a spinning disk confocal microscope (UltraView Vox CSUX1 system). To monitor GFP internalization, 5×104 HEK293 cells were seeded in a 35 mm glass-bottomed microwell dish and cultured overnight. Cells were treated with cFΦR4-S-S-GFP (1 μM) at 37° C. for 2 h. After removal of the medium, the cells were incubated in DPBS containing 5 μM DRAQ5 for 10 min. The cells were washed with DPBS twice and imaged on a Visitech Infinity 3 Hawk 2D-array live cell imaging confocal microscope.Flow Cytometry. To quantify the delivery efficiencies of pCAP-containing peptides, HeLa cells were cultured in six-well plates (5×105 cells per well) for 24 h. On the day of experiment, the cells were incubated with 10 μM pCAP-containing peptide in clear DMEM with 1% FBS at 37° C. for 2 h. The cells were washed with DPBS containing 1 mM sodium pervanadate, detached from plate with 0.25% trypsin, suspended in DPBS containing 1% bovine serum albumin, and analyzed on a BD FACS Aria flow cytometer with excitation at 355 nm. Data were analyzed with Flowjo software (Tree Star).To estimate the effect of cFΦR4 on endocytosis, HeLa cells were seeded in six-well plates (5×105 cells per well) and allowed to adhere overnight. Following adherence, cells were treated with clear DMEM containing no supplement, 1 μM cFΦR4 peptide, 100 μM dextranAlexa488 (Life Technologies, D-22910), or both 1 μM cyclic peptide and 100 μM dextranAlexa488 for 30 min under standard cell culture conditions. The cells were washed with DPBS twice, removed from the plate with 0.25% trypsin, diluted into clear DMEM containing 10% FBS, pelleted at 300 g for 5 min, washed once with DPBS and resuspended in 200 μL of DPBS. Whole-cell dextran uptake was analyzed on a BD Accuri C6 flow cytometer using the manufacturer FL1 laser and filter set.Immunoblotting. NIH 3T3 cells were cultured in full growth media to reach 80% confluence. The cells were starved in serum free media for 3 h and treated with different concentrations of cFΦR4-PTP1B or untagged PTP1B for 2 h, followed by 30 min incubation in media supplemented with 1 mM sodium pervanadate. The solutions were removed and the cells were washed with cold DPBS twice. The cells were detached and lysed in 50 mM Tris-HCl, pH 7.4, 150 mM NaCl, 1% NP-40, 10 mM sodium pyrophosphate, 5 mM iodoacetic acid, 10 mM NaF, 1 mM EDTA, 2 mM sodium pervanadate, 0.1 mg/mL phenylmethanesulfonyl fluoride, 1 mM benzamidine, and 0.1 mg/mL trypsin inhibitor. After 30 min incubation on ice, the cell lysate was centrifuged at 15,000 rpm for 25 min in a microcentrifuge. The total cellular proteins were separated by SDS-PAGE and transferred electrophoretically to PVDF membrane, which was immunoblotted using anti-pY antibody 4G10.Serum Stability Test. The stability tests were carried by modifying a previously reported procedure (Nguyen, L T et al. PLoS One, 2010, 5, e12684). Diluted human serum (25%) was centrifuged at 15,000 rpm for 10 min, and the supernatant was collected. A peptide stock solution was diluted into the supernatant to a final concentration of 5 μM for cFΦR4 and Antp and 50 μM for peptides R9 and Tat and incubated at 37° C. At various time points (0-6 h), 200-μL aliquots were withdrawn and mixed with 50 μL of 15% trichloroacetic acid and incubated at 4° C. overnight. The final mixture was centrifuged at 15,000 rpm for 10 min in a microcentrifuge, and the supernatant was analyzed by reversed-phase HPLC equipped with a Cis column (Waters). The amount of remaining peptide (%) was determined by integrating the area underneath the peptide peak (monitored at 214 nm) and compared with that of the control reaction (no serum).Cytotoxicity Assay. MTT assays were performed to evaluate cyclic peptide's cytotoxicity against several mammalian cell lines (Mosmann, T. J. Immunol. Methods, 1983, 65, 55-63). One hundred μL of MCF-7, HEK293, H1299, H1650, A549 (1×105 cells/mL) cells were placed in each well of a 96-well culture plate and allowed to grow overnight. Varying concentrations of the peptide (5 or 50 μM) were added to the each well and the cells were incubated at 37° C. with 5% CO2 for 24 to 72 h. Ten μL of MTT stock solution was added into each well. Addition of 10 μL of the solution to the growth medium (no cell) was used as a negative control. The plate was incubated at 37° C. for 4 h. Then 100 μL of SDS-HCl solubilizing buffer was added into each well, and the resulting solution was mixed thoroughly. The plate was incubated at 37° C. for another 4 h. The absorbance of the formazan product was measured at 570 nm using a Molecular Devices Spectramax M5 plate reader. Each experiment was performed in triplicates and the cells without any peptide added were treated as control.cFΦR4Binds to Membrane Phospholipids. It was previously observed that incubation of 1 μM FITC-labeled cyclic peptide cFΦR4FITC with vesicles containing negatively charged phospholipids (90% phosphatidylcholine (PC) and 10% phosphatidylglycerol (PG)) resulted in quenching of the peptide fluorescence, consistent with direct binding of cFΦR4to phospholipids (Qian, Z et al. ACS Chem. Biol., 2013, 8, 423-431). To test the potential role of membrane binding during endocytic uptake of CPPs, SUVs that mimic the outer membrane of mammalian cells (45% PC, 20% phosphatidylethanolamine, 20% sphingomyelin, and 15% cholesterol) were prepared and tested for binding to FITC-labeled cFΦR4, R9, and Tat (each at 100 nM) by a fluorescence polarization (FP) assay. cFΦR4 bound to the neutral SUVs with an EC50 value (lipid concentration at which half of cFΦR4FITC is bound) of 2.1±0.1 mM (FIG. 5A). R9 showed much weaker binding to the artificial membrane (EC50>10 mM), whereas Tat did not bind at all. Next, the CPPs were tested for binding to heparan sulfate, which was previously proposed to be the primary binding target of cationic CPPs (Nakase, I et al. Biochemistry, 2007, 46, 492-501; Rusnati, M et al. J. Biol. Chem., 1999, 274, 28198-28205; Tyagi, M et al. J. Biol. Chem., 2001, 276, 3254-3261; Ziegler, A and Seelig, J. Biophys. J., 2004, 86, 254-263; Goncalves, E et al. Biochemistry, 2005, 44, 2692-2702; Ziegler, A. Adv. Drug Delivery Rev., 2008, 60, 580-597). R9 and Tat both bound to heparan sulfate with high affinity, having EC50 values of 144 and 304 nM, respectively (FIG. 5B). Under the same condition, cFΦR4showed no detectable binding to heparan sulfate. These results are in agreement with the previous observations that non-amphipathic cationic CPPs (e.g., Tat and R9) bind tightly with cell surface proteoglycans (e.g. heparan sulfate) but only weakly with membrane lipids (Ziegler, A. Adv. Drug Delivery Rev., 2008, 60, 580-597). The insufficient number of positive charges of cFΦR4is likely responsible for its lack of strong electrostatic interaction with heparan sulfate. On the other hand, the amphipathic nature and the more rigid cyclic structure of cFΦR4 should facilitate its binding to neutral lipid membranes. These data, together with the inhibition pattern by various endocytic inhibitors described above, suggest that cFΦR4 can bind directly to the plasma membrane phospholipids and can be internalized by all of the endocytic mechanisms in a piggyback manner.Intracellular Delivery of Peptidyl Cargos. Since endocyclic delivery by cFΦR4is limited to a heptapeptide or smaller cargos (Qian, Z et al. ACS Chem. Biol., 2013, 8, 423-431), in this study the ability of cFΦR4to deliver cargos of varying sizes and physicochemical properties attached to the Gln side chain (FIG. 1B, exocyclic delivery) was tested. First, positively charged (RRRRR), neutral (AAAAA), hydrophobic (FFFF), and negatively charged peptides [DE(pCAP)LI] were covalently attached to cFΦR4. The first three peptides were labeled with rhodamine B at a C-terminal lysine side chain (FIG. 2), and their internalization into HEK293 cells was examined by live-cell confocal microscopy. Cells incubated for 2 h with 5 μM peptide cFΦR4-A5 (FIG. 6A) or cFΦR4-R5 (FIG. 6B) showed evidence of both punctate and diffuse fluorescence, with the latter distributed almost uniformly throughout the cell. In contrast, the fluid phase endocytic marker dextranFITC displayed predominantly punctate fluorescence, indicative of endosomal localization. The diffuse rhodamine fluorescence suggests that a fraction of the peptides reached the cytosol and nucleus of the cells. Co-incubation of cells with cFΦR4(1 μM) and dextranAlexa488 increased the internalization of the endocytic marker by 15% (FIG. 7), suggesting that cFΦR4 can activate endocytosis in cultured cells. cFΦR4-F4 was not tested due to its poor aqueous solubility.Peptide cFΦR4-DE(pCAP)LI (cFΦR4-PCP; FIG. 2) was designed to test the ability of cFΦR4to deliver negatively charged cargos as well as to compare the cytoplasmic delivery efficiency of cFΦR4 with those of other widely used CPPs such as R9, Tat, and penetratin (Antp). Thus, untagged PCP [Ac-DE(pCap)LI-NH2] and PCP conjugated to R9 (R9-PCP), Tat (Tat-PCP), or Antp (Antp-PCP) were also prepared. Note that cFΦR4-PCP carries a net charge of zero at physiological pH. pCAP is non-fluorescent, but upon entering the cell interior, should be rapidly dephosphorylated by endogenous protein tyrosine phosphatases (PTPs) to produce a fluorescent product, coumaryl aminopropionic acid (CAP, excitation 355 nm; emission 450 nm) (Mitra, S and Barrios, A M. Bioorg. Med. Chem. Lett., 2005, 15, 5124-5145; Stanford, S M et al. Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. U.S.A., 2012, 109, 13972-13977). When assayed against a PTP panel in vitro, all four CPP-PCP conjugates were efficiently dephosphorylated (Table 8). This assay detects only the CPP-cargo inside the cytoplasm and nucleus, where the catalytic domains of all known mammalian PTPs are localized (Alonso, A et al. Cell, 2004, 117, 699-711). Further, CAP is fluorescent only in its deprotonated state (pKa=7.8); even if some dephosphorylation occurs inside the endosome (pH 6.5-4.5) or lysosome (pH 4.5), it would contribute little to the total fluorescence (FIG. 8). Treatment of HEK293 cells with 5 μM cFΦR4-PCP for 60 min resulted in diffuse blue fluorescence throughout the cell, suggesting that cFΦR4-PCP reached the cell interior, whereas the untagged PCP failed to enter cells under the same condition (FIG. 9A). When HEK293 cells were pretreated with the PTP inhibitor sodium pervanadate for 1 h prior to incubation with cFΦR4-PCP (5 μM), the CAP fluorescence in the cells diminished to background levels. HEK293 cells treated with R9-PCP, Antp-PCP, or Tat-PCP under identical conditions showed weak fluorescence, consistent with the poor ability of these peptides to access the cell interior (FIG. 9A). To quantify the relative intracellular PCP delivery efficiency, HeLa cells were treated with each peptide and analyzed by fluorescence activated cell sorting (FIG. 9B). cFΦR4-PCP was most efficiently internalized by the HeLa cells, with a mean fluorescence intensity (MFI) of 3510 arbitrary units (AU), whereas R9-PCP, Antp-PCP, Tat-PCP, and untagged PCP produced MFI values of 960, 400, 290, and 30 AU, respectively (FIG. 9C). Again, when cells were treated with cFΦR4-PCP in the presence of sodium pervanadate, the amount of CAP fluorescence was reduced to near background levels (70 AU). Thus, cFΦR4 is capable of delivering peptidyl cargos of varying physicochemical properties into the cytoplasm with efficiencies 3.7-12-fold higher than R9, Antp, and Tat.TABLE 8Kinetic Activities (kcat/KM, M−1 s−1) ofRecombinant PTPs against pCAP-Containing PeptidesaPTPcFΦR4-PCPTat-PCPR9-PCPAntp-PCPPTP1B37100138001470017400TCPTP2780560457970SHP2740022902482210CD453510021800294022300VHR2460146062402030akcat/KM was measured as previously described (Ren, L et al. Biochemistry, 2011, 50, 2339-2356). Intracellular Delivery of Cyclic Peptides. In recent years, there has been much interest in cyclic peptides as therapeutic agents and biomedical research tools (Driggers, E M et al. Nat. Rev. Drug Discov., 2008, 7, 608-624; Marsault, E and Peterson, M L. J. Med. Chem., 2011, 54, 1961-2004). For example, cyclic peptides are effective for inhibition of protein-protein interactions (Lian, W et al. J. Am. Chem. Soc., 2013, 135, 11990-11995; Liu, T et al. ACS Comb. Sci., 2011, 13, 537-546; Dewan, V et al. ACS Chem. Biol., 2012, 7, 761-769; Wu, X et al. Med. Chem. Commun., 2013, 4, 378-382), which are challenging targets for conventional small molecules. A major obstacle in developing cyclic peptide therapeutics is that they are generally impermeable to the cell membrane (Kwon, Y U and Kodadek, T. Chem. Biol., 2007, 14, 671-677; Rezai, T et al. J. Am. Chem. Soc., 2006, 128, 2510-2511; Chatterjee, J et al. Acc. Chem. Res., 2008, 41, 1331-1342). The attempt to deliver cyclic peptides by cFΦR4 by the endocyclic method had only limited success; increase in the cargo size from 1 to 7 residues led to progressively poorer cellular uptake, likely because the larger, more flexible rings bind more poorly to the cell membrane (Qian, Z et al. ACS Chem. Biol., 2013, 8, 423-431). To overcome this limitation, a bicyclic peptide system was explored, in which one ring contains a CPP motif (e.g., FΦR4) while the other ring consists of peptide sequences specific for the desired targets (FIG. 1C). The bicyclic system should in principle be able to accommodate cargos of any size, because the cargo does not change the structure of the CPP ring and should have less impact on its delivery efficiency. The additional rigidity of a bicyclic structure should also improve its metabolic stability as well as the target-binding affinity and specificity. The bicyclic peptides were readily synthesized by forming three amide bonds between a trimesoyl scaffold and three amino groups on the corresponding linear peptide (i.e., the N-terminal amine, the side chain of a C-terminal diaminopropionic acid (Dap), and the side chain of a lysine (or ornithine, Dap) imbedded in between the CPP and target-binding motifs) (Lian, W et al. J. Am. Chem. Soc., 2013, 135, 11990-11995). To test the validity of this approach, FΦR4 was chosen in the C-terminal ring as the CPP moiety and peptides of different lengths and charges (AAAAA, AAAAAAA, RARAR, or DADAD) were chosen as cargo (Table 8, compounds 13-16). For comparison, two monocyclic peptides containing FΦR4 as transporter and peptides A5 and A7 as cargos (Table 8, compounds 17 and 18) were also prepared. All of the peptides were labeled at a C-terminal lysine side chain with rhodamine B (FIG. 2) and their internalization into HEK293 cells was examined by live-cell confocal microscopy. Treatment of cells with 5 μM peptide for 2 h resulted in efficient internalization of all six peptides (FIG. 10), although FACS analysis indicated that the uptake of bicyclo(FΦR4-A5)Rho was ˜3-fold more efficient than the corresponding monocyclic peptide (compound 17). The intracellular distribution of the internalized peptides was quite different between the bicyclic and monocyclic peptides. While the four bicyclic peptides showed evidence for their presence in both the cytoplasm/nucleus (as indicated by the diffuse rhodamine fluorescence) and the endosomes (as indicated by the fluorescence puncta), the monocyclic peptides exhibited predominantly punctate fluorescence that overlapped with that of the endocytic marker dextranFITC. In all cases, the endocytic marker displayed only punctate fluorescence, indicating that the endosomes were intact in the cells treated with the peptides. These results indicate that the increased structural rigidity of the bicyclic peptides facilitates both the initial uptake by endocytosis and endosomal release, presumably because of their improved binding to the plasma and endosomal membranes. The bicyclic system may provide a general strategy for intracellular delivery of cyclic and bicyclic peptides.Intracellular Delivery of Protein Cargos. To test whether cFΦR4 is capable of transporting full-length proteins into mammalian cells, GFP was attached to the N-terminus of cFΦR4 through a disulfide bond (FIG. 11A andFIG. 3). GFP was chosen because of its intrinsic fluorescence. The disulfide exchange reaction is highly specific, efficient, and reversible; upon entering the cytoplasm, the CPP-S-S-protein conjugate can be rapidly reduced to release the native protein. Although cFΦR4 can be directly attached to a native or engineered surface cysteine residue(s) on a cargo protein, a GFP variant containing a 12-amino acid ybbR tag at its N-terminus was used and phosphopantetheinyl transferase Sfp was used to enzymatically attach cFΦR4to the ybbR tag (Yin, J et al. Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. U.S.A., 2005, 102, 15815-15820). This permitted the attachment of a single cFΦR4 unit to GFP in a site-specific manner. For comparison, a Tat-S-S-GFP conjugate was generated in the same manner. Incubation of HEK293 cells in the presence of 1 μM cFΦR4-S-S-GFP resulted in accumulation of green fluorescence inside the cells (FIG. 11B). The fluorescence signal was diffuse and present throughout the entire cell volume, but with higher concentrations in the nucleus. Some of the cells contained small spots of intense green fluorescence (indicated by arrows inFIG. 11B), which may represent endosomally sequestered cFΦR4-S-S-GFP or aggregated GFP inside the cell. The untagged GFP was unable to enter cells, whereas Tat-S-S-GFP entered cells less efficiently than cFΦR4-S-S-GFP (FIG. 11B); FACS analysis of HaLa cells treated with 1 μM protein revealed a 5.5-fold higher total intracellular fluorescence for the latter. The fluorescence puncta in the cell periphery as well as lack of any detectable fluorescence in the nuclear region of Tat-S-S-GFP treated cells indicate that Tat-S-S-GFP is mostly entrapped in the endosomes, in agreement with previous reports (Kaplan, I M et al. J. Controlled Release, 2005, 102, 247-253). Thus, with a protein as cargo, cFΦR4 also has higher efficiency than Tat with regard to both initial uptake and endosomal escape.To demonstrate the generality of cFΦR4 for protein delivery, a functional enzyme, the catalytic domain of PTP1B (amino acids 1-321), was chosen to be delivered into the cell interior. To show that a non-cleavable linkage is also compatible with the delivery method, cFΦR4 was conjugated to ybbR-tagged PTP1B via a thioether bond (cFΦR4-PTP1B) (FIG. 4). In vitro assay using p-nitrophenyl phosphate as substrate showed that addition of the cFΦR4 tag does not affect the catalytic activity of PTP1B (Table 9). NIH 3T3 cells were incubated for 2 h in the presence of untagged PTP1B or cFΦR4-PTP1B and their global pY protein levels were analyzed by anti-pY western blotting (FIG. 12A). Treatment of the cells with cFΦR4-PTP1B, but not untagged PTP1B, resulted in concentration-dependent decrease in pY levels of most, but not all, proteins. The total cellular protein levels, as detected by Coomassie blue staining, were unchanged (FIG. 12B), indicating that the observed decrease in pY levels was due to dephosphorylation of the pY proteins by cFΦR4-PTP1B and/or secondary effects caused by the introduction of cFΦR4-PTP1B (e.g., inactivation of cellular protein tyrosine kinases). Interestingly, different proteins exhibited varying dephosphorylation kinetics. Several proteins in the 150-200 kD range were completely dephosphorylated upon the addition of 62 nM cFΦR4-PTP1B, whereas proteins of ˜80 kD remained phosphorylated at 500 nM cFΦR4-PTP1B. The changes in the pY pattern are consistent with the broad substrate specificity of PTP1B (Ren, L et al. Biochemistry, 2011, 50, 2339-2356) and very similar to that caused by overexpression of PTP1B inside the cytosol of mammalian cells (LaMontagne Jr., K R et al. Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. U.S.A., 1998, 95, 14094-14099). These results indicate that cFΦR4 can deliver PTP1B into the interior of NIH 3T3 cells in the catalytically active form and to sufficient levels to perturb the cell signaling process. cFΦR4 thus provides a tool for introducing other functional proteins, especially proteins that cannot be genetically expressed (e.g., toxic and chemically modified proteins), into mammalian cells in order to study their cellular functions.TABLE 9Kinetic Activities (kcat/KM, M−1 s−1)of PTP1B and cFΦR4-PTP1B against pNPPaenzymekcat/KM (M−1 s−1)PTP1B1340cFΦR4-PTP1B1600apNPP = p-nitrophenyl phosphate; kcat/KM was measured as previously described (Ren, L et al. Biochemistry, 2011, 50, 2339-2356). Stability and Cytotoxicity of cFΦR4. The relative stability of cFΦR4, R9, Tat, and Antp (Table 8, compounds 19-22) against proteolytic degradation was determined by incubating the CPPs in 25% human serum at 37° C. and following the disappearance of the full-length peptides by reversed-phase HPLC. The cationic tryptophan-containing peptide, Antp, was least stable among the four CPPs; it was degraded at a half-life of <20 min and was completely digested after 2 h (FIG. 13A). R9 and Tat were slightly more stable than Antp, having half-lives of ˜30 min. In contrast, cFΦR4was remarkably stable against serum proteases. There was less than 10% degradation after 6 h of incubation; after 24 h of incubation in the serum, >70% of cFΦR4 remained intact. Numerous other studies have also demonstrated that cyclization of peptides increases their proteolytic stabilities (Nguyen, L T et al. PLoS One, 2010, 5, e12684). The potential cytotoxicity of cFΦR4 was assessed by MTT assays with five different human cell lines (HEK293, MCF-7, A549, H1650, and H1299). After 24 or 48 h of incubation with up to 50 μM cFΦR4, there was no significant growth inhibition for any of the cell lines (FIG. 13B and FIG. 14). After 72 h, a slight growth inhibition (up to 20%) was observed at 50 μM (FIG. 14). Thus, cFΦR4 is relatively nontoxic to mammalian cells.In this study, it was demonstrated that cFΦR4 can be effective for exocyclic delivery of small-molecule, peptide, and protein cargos into the cytoplasm and nucleus of mammalian cells. By using a pCAP-containing peptide as cargo/reporter, it was shown that cFΦR4 can be 3.7-12-fold more efficient than R9, Tat, and Antp for cytoplasmic cargo delivery, making cFΦR4 one of the most active CPPs known to date. Although modification of polybasic CPPs such as addition of hydrophobic acyl groups has previously been reported to enhance cellular uptake by a similar magnitude (Pham, W et al. Chembiochem, 2004, 5, 1148-1151), these previous studies have not established whether the enhanced uptake translates into a similar increase in the cytoplasmic CPP concentration. The pCAP-based reporter system described herein can provide a simple, robust method to quantitatively assess the cytoplasmic delivery efficiency of other CPPs. Several lines of evidence indicate that cFΦR4 can enter cells through multiple endocytic mechanisms, including its failure to enter cells at 4° C. or in the presence of sodium azide, partial overlap between the fluorescence puncta of cFΦR4Rho and the fluid phase endocytic marker dextranFITC, colocalization of cFΦR4Rho and endosomal proteins Rab5 and Rab7, and decreased cFΦR4Dex uptake upon administration of endocytic inhibitors. The minimal effect of the PI3K inhibitor wortmannin and the Rab5 Q79L mutation on the cytoplasmic delivery of cFΦR4, in addition to the strong colocalization observed between cFΦR4 and Rab5+ endosomes, suggest that cFΦR4 can escape from early endosomes (FIG. 15). In comparison, Tat has been demonstrated to enter cells through endocytosis and release from late endosomes, while R9 escapes endosomes prior to Rab7 recruitment (Appelbaum, J S et al. Chem. Biol., 2012, 19, 819-830). Early endosomal release can offer advantages, especially for peptide and protein cargos, since it can minimize cargo degradation by late endosomal and lysosomal proteases and denaturation caused by acidification during endosomal maturation. Indeed, both GFP and PTP1B delivered into the cytoplasm by cFΦR4 were in their folded, active forms, as evidenced by the green fluorescence and the ability to dephosphorylate intracellular pY proteins, respectively. Additionally, due to its more rigid structure, cFΦR4 can be more stable against proteolytic degradation than linear peptides, and due to its smaller size, cFΦR4 can be less expensive to synthesize and potentially less likely to interfere with the cargo function. These properties can make cFΦR4 a useful transporter for cytosolic delivery of small-molecule to protein cargos. Direct protein delivery can provide a useful research tool, e.g., for studying the cellular function of a protein, as it can offer improved temporal control over DNA transfection and subsequent gene expression and can allow delivery of chemically modified proteins and proteins whose overexpression can cause toxicity. The ability of cFΦR4 to escape from early endosomes and its simple structure can also provide an excellent system for elucidating the mechanism of endosomal escape and the factors that influence the escape efficiency.Example 2Cyclization of peptide ligands can be effective for improving their stability against proteolytic degradation and in some cases their cell permeability. However, this strategy is not compatible with proteins that recognize peptide ligands in the extended conformations (e.g., β-strand and α-helix). In this work, a general strategy for intracellular delivery of linear peptide ligands was developed, by fusing them with an amphipathic sequence motif (e.g., RRRRΦF, where Φ is L-naphthylalanine) and cyclizing the resulting conjugate through a disulfide bond. The cyclized peptides can have enhanced proteolytic stability and membrane permeability; upon entering the cytoplasm/nucleus of a cell, the disulfide bond can be cleaved by the reducing intracellular environment to release the linear, biologically active peptide. This strategy was applied to generate cell permeable peptides as caspase substrates and inhibitors against the CAL PDZ domain for potential treatment of cystic fibrosis.The applicability of linear peptides as drugs is often limited by their susceptibility to proteolytic cleavage and poor membrane permeability. Cyclization of peptides can be effective for improving their proteolytic stability (Nguyen, L T et al. PLoS One, 2010, 5, e12684). Moreover, it was recently reported that cyclization of certain amphipathic peptides (e.g., FΦRRRR, where Φ is L-2-naphthylalanine) can render them cell permeable through an active transport mechanism (Qian, Z et al. ACS Chem. Biol. 2013, 8, 423). Biologically active cyclic peptides can be delivered into the cytoplasm and nucleus of mammalian cells by incorporating into them these short sequence motifs (Qian, Z et al. ACS Chem. Biol. 2013, 8, 423). However, in many circumstances, binding to a molecular target (e.g., PDZ (Doyle, D A et al. Cell 1996, 85, 1067; Morais Cabral, J H et al., Nature 1996, 382, 649) and BIR domains (Wu, G et al. Nature 2000, 408, 1008)) can require that the peptidyl ligand exist in its extended conformation (e.g., α-helix and β-strand) and cyclization may interfere with target binding. Herein, a potentially general strategy for delivering linear peptide ligands into mammalian cells through reversible, disulfide bond-mediated cyclization is examined. When present in the oxidizing extracellular environment, the peptides can exist as macrocycles, which can have enhanced stability against proteolysis and cell permeability. Upon entering the cell (i.e., cytoplasm and/or nucleus), the disulfide bond can be reduced by the intracellular thiols to produce the linear, biologically active peptides (FIG. 16) (Cascales, Let al. J. Biol Chem. 2011, 286, 36932; Jha, D et al. Bioconj Chem. 2011, 22, 319).Materials. Reagents for peptide synthesis were purchased from Advanced ChemTech (Louisville, Ky.), NovaBiochem (La Jolla, Calif.), or Anaspec (San Jose, Calif.). Rink resin LS (100-200 mesh, 0.2 mmol/g) was purchased from Advanced ChemTech. DextraneRho, trypsin and α-chymotrypsin were purchased from Sigma-Aldrich (St. Louis, Mo.). Cell culture media, fetal bovine serum, penicillin-streptomycin, 0.25% trypsin-EDTA, and DPBS were purchased from Invitrogen (Carlsbad, Calif.). Nuclear staining dye DRAQ5™ was purchased from Thermo Scientific (Rockford, Ill.). Caspase-3, Human, recombinant protein was purchased from EMD Chemicals (San Diego, Calif.).Peptide Synthesis. Most peptides were synthesized on Rink Resin LS (0.2 mmol/g) using standard Fmoc chemistry. The typical coupling reaction contained 5 equiv of Fmoc-amino acid, 5 equiv of 2-(7-aza-1H-benzotriazole-1-yl)-1,1,3,3-tetramethyluronium hexafluorophosphate (HATU) and 10 equiv of diisopropylethylamine (DIPEA) and was allowed to proceed with mixing for 75 min. The peptides were deprotected and released from the resin by treatment with 92.5:2.5:2.5:2.5 (v/v) trifluoroacetic acid (TFA)/water/phenol/triisopropylsilane (TIPS) for 2 h. The peptides were triturated with cold ethyl ether (3×) and purified by reversed-phase HPLC equipped with a C18 column. Peptide labeling with fluorescein isothiocyanate (FITC) was performed by dissolving the purified peptides (˜1 mg each) in 300 μL of 1:1:1 DMSO/DMF/150 mM sodium bicarbonate (pH 8.5) and mixing with 10 μL of FITC in DMSO (100 mg/mL). After 20 min at room temperature, the reaction mixture was subjected to reversed-phase HPLC on a C18 column to isolate the FITC-labeled peptide.To generate disulfide bond mediated cyclic peptides, the 3,3′-dithiodipropionic acid (10 equiv) were coupled on the N-terminal using 10 equiv N,N′-Diisopropylcarbodiimide (DIC) and 0.1 equiv 4-(dimethylamino)pyridine (DMAP) in anhydrous DCM for 2 h after the removal of the N-terminal Fmoc protection group by treatment with 20% (v/v) piperidine in DMF. The resin then was incubated in 20% β-mercaptoethanol in DMF for 2 h twice to expose the free thiol. Triturated crude linear peptides were incubated in 5% DMSO in pH 7.4 PBS buffer overnight (Tam, J P et al. J. Am. Chem. Soc. 1991, 113, 6657), followed by trituration and HPLC purification as described above (Tam, J P et al. J. Am. Chem. Soc. 1991, 113, 6657).To produce thioether mediated cyclic peptides, 4-bromobutyric acid (10 equiv) was coupled on the N-terminal using 10 equiv DIC and 0.1 equiv DMAP in anhydrous DCM for 2 h after the removal of the N-terminal Fmoc protection group by treatment with 20% (v/v) piperidine in DMF. The 4-methoxytrityl (Mmt) protection group on the L-cysteine side chain was selectively removed using 1% trifluoroacetic acid (TFA) in DCM. Thioether formation was conducted by incubating the resin in 1% DIPEA in DMF under nitrogen protection overnight. The cyclized peptide was then triturated and purified as described above (Roberts, K D et al. Tetrahedron Lett. 1998, 39, 8357).Fmoc-Asp(Wang-resin)-AMC (AMC=7-amino-4-methylcoumarin) (NovaBiochem) was used as a solid support to synthesize fluorogenic caspase substrates. Standard Fmoc chemistry was employed to synthesize the peptide on solid phase. These peptides were released from the resin by the treatment with 95:2.5:2.5 (v/v) TFA/phenol/water for 2 h (Maly, D J et al. J. Org. Chem. 2002, 67, 910).Cell Culture. HeLa cells were maintained in medium consisting of DMEM, 10% fetal bovine serum (FBS) and 1% penicillin/streptomycin. Jurkat cells were maintained in medium consisting of RPMI-1640, 10% FBS and 1% penicillin/streptomycin. The bronchial epithelial CFBE cell line, homozygous for the ΔF508-CFTR mutation, was maintained in DMEM containing L-glutamine supplemented with 10% FBS and 1% penicillin/streptomycin. The tissue culture plates were coated using human fibronectin (1 mg/ml), collagen I bovine (3 mg/ml), and bovine serum albumin (1 mg/ml) Cells were cultured in a humidified incubator at 37° C. with 5% CO2.Confocal Microscopy. To detect peptide internalization, 1 mL of HeLa cell suspension (5×104 cells) was seeded in a 35 mm glass-bottomed microwell dish (MatTek) and cultured overnight. Cells were gently washed with DPBS twice and treated with FITC labeled peptides (5 μM) and dextranRho (0.5 mg mL−1) in phenol-red free DMEM containing 1% serum at 37° C. for 1 h in the presence of 5% CO2. After removal of the medium, the cells were gently washed with DPBS twice and incubated with 5 μM DRAQ5 in DPBS for 10 min. The cells were again washed with DPBS twice and imaged on a Visitech Infinity 3 Hawk 2D-array live cell imaging confocal microscope. Images were captured under the same parameters and adjusted under the same setting using MetaMorph (Molecular Devices).Flow Cytometry. HeLa cells were cultured in six-well plates (5×105 cells per well) for 24 h. On the day of experiment, the cells were incubated with 5 μM FITC labeled peptide in clear DMEM with 1% FBS at 37° C. for 2 h. The cells were washed with DPBS, detached from plate with 0.25% trypsin, diluted into clear DMEM containing 10% FBS, pelleted at 250 g for 5 min, washed once with DPBS and resuspended in DPBS containing 1% bovine serum albumin, and analyzed on a BD FACS Aria flow cytometer. Data were analyzed with Flowjo software (Tree Star).To quantify the delivery efficiencies of PCP-conjugated peptides, HeLa cells were cultured in six-well plates (5×105 cells per well) for 24 h. On the day of experiment, the cells were incubated with 5 μM pCAP-containing peptide in clear DMEM with 1% FBS at 37° C. for 2 h. The cells were washed with DPBS containing 1 mM sodium pervanadate, detached from plate with 0.25% trypsin, suspended in DPBS containing 1% bovine serum albumin, and analyzed on a BD FACS Aria flow cytometer with excitation at 355 nm.Peptide Proteolysis Stability Assay. The stability tests were carried out by slightly modifying a previously reported procedure (Frackenpohl, J et al. Chembiochem 2001, 2, 445). 24 μL of 1.5 mM peptide solution was incubated at 37° C. with 30 μL 50 μM of α-chymotrypsin and 30 μL 50 μM of trypsin in 200 μL of working buffer (50 mM Tris-HCl, pH 8.0, NaCl (100 mM), CaCl2 (10 mM)). At various time points (0-12 h), 40 μL aliquots were withdrawn and mixed with 40 μL of 15% trichloroacetic acid and incubated at 4° C. overnight. The final mixture was centrifuged at 15,000 rpm for 10 min in a microcentrifuge, and the supernatant was analyzed by reversed-phase HPLC equipped with a C18 column (Waters). The amount of remaining peptide (%) was determined by integrating the area underneath the peptide peak (monitored at 214 nm) and compared with that of control reaction (no proteases).In Cellulo Fluorimetric Assay. 100 μL of Jurkat cell suspension (5×105 cells/mL) was seeded in 96-well plate one hour prior to the experiment. Ten μL of staurosporine stock solution (10 μM) was added into half of the wells to induce apoptosis, while 10 μL of media was added to the other wells. After 1 h incubation, caspase-3 fluorogenic substrates were added to the cells to a final concentration of 5 μM. The fluorescence of the released coumarin was measured on the Spectramax M5 plate reader with excitation and emission wavelengths at 360 and 440 nm at various times points (0-6 h). The fluorescence unit (FU) increases between induced and uninduced cells were plotted against the time to present caspase-3 activities measured using various fluorogenic substrates in living cell in real-time. Three independent sets of experiments, each performed in triplicate, were conducted.In Vitro Fluorimetric Assay. 0.5 μL (100 U/μL) caspase-3 enzyme was first incubated with 90 μL of reaction buffer (50 mM HEPES, pH 7.4, 100 mM NaCl, 10 mM DTT) for 30 min in 96-well plate. Fluorogenic substrates (10 μL, 100 μM) were mixed into the above solutions to start the reactions, and the plate was measured on a Spectramax M5 plate reader (Ex=360 nm, Em=440 nm) (Molecular Devices). Fluorescence units (FU) increase at one-minute intervals was correlated to the release of Amc due to protease activity. The AFU/min was calculated from the linear portion of the reaction curve. Reported values are averages of three trials with the standard deviation indicated.Fluorescence anisotropy. The full fluorescence anisotropy (FA) titration experiment was performed by incubating 100 nM fluorophore-labeled peptidyl ligands with varying concentrations (0-6 μM) of CAL-PDZ (Cushing, P R et al. Biochemistry 2008, 47, 10084) in FA buffer (20 mM HEPES, pH 7.4, 150 mM NaCl, 5 mM glutathione, 0.1% (w/v) bovine serum albumin) for 2 h at room temperature. The FA values were measured on a Molecular Devices Spectramax M5 spectrofluorimeter, with excitation and emission wavelengths at 485 nm and 525 nm, respectively. Equilibrium dissociation constants (KD) were determined by plotting the fluorescence anisotropy values as a function of CAL-PDZ concentration. The titration curves were fitted to the following equation, which assumes a 1:1 binding stoichiometryY=(Amin+(Amax×QbQf-Amin)((L+x+KD)-((L+x+KD)2-4Lx)2L))(1+(QbQf-1)((L+x+KD)-((L+x+KD)2-4Lx)2L)) where Y is the measured anisotropy at a given CAL-PDZ concentration x; L is the bicyclic peptide concentration; Qb/Qf is the correction fact for dye-protein interaction; Amax is the maximum anisotropy when all the peptides are bound to CAP-PDZ, while Amin is the minimum anisotropy when all the peptides are free.Immunofluorescent Staining. Briefly, the bronchial epithelial CFBE cells, homozygous for the DF508-CFTR mutation, were treated with 10 mM Corr-4a in the presence and absence of 50 μM unlabeled peptide 8. After the treatments, cells were fixed in cold methanol for 20 min. The slides were then incubated in 1% BSA/PBS for 10 min, followed by incubation at 37° C. for 1 h with mouse anti-human monoclonal CFTR antibody (R&D Systems). Thereafter, the slides were incubated at 37° C. for 45 min with Alexa Fluor® 488-conjugated anti-mouse IgG2a secondary antibody. Cells were visualized on a Leica TCS SP2 AOBS confocal laser scanning microscope. All measurements were conducted in a double-blinded manner by two independent investigators.SPQ intracellular chloride concentration assay. A SPQ (6-Methoxy-N-(3-sulfopropyl)quinolinium) assay was utilized to estimate the transport activity of ΔF508-CFTR activity in CFBE cells, as the fluorescence of SPQ is negatively correlated with increasing concentration of intracellular chloride (Illsley, N P and Verkman, A S. Biochemistry 1987, 26, 1215). CFBE cells were grown on 96-well plate, which was pre-coated with 1 mg/ml human fibronectin, 3 mg/ml collagen I bovine, and 1 mg/ml bovine serum albumin, using DMEM media supplemented with L-glutamine and 10% FBS. Cells were first treated in the presence or absence of 20 μM CFTR corrector VX809 (Van Goor, F et al. Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. U.S.A. 2011, 108, 18843) for 24 h and 50 μM CAL-PDZ domain inhibitors for 1 h. Cells were then loaded with SPQ using hypotonic shock at 37° C. for 15 min with 10 mM SPQ containing 1:1 (v/v) Opti-MEM/water solution. The cells were then washed and incubated twice for 10 min with fluorescence quenching NaI buffer (130 mM NaI, 5 mM KNO3, 2.5 mM Ca(NO3)2, 2.5 mM Mg(NO3)2, 10 mM D-glucose, 10 mM N-(2-hydroxyethyl) piperazine-N′-(2-ethanesulfonic) acid (HEPES, pH 7.4)). Subsequently, the cells were switched to a dequenching isotonic NaNO3 buffer (identical to NaI buffer except that 130 mM NaI was replaced with 130 mM NaNO3) with a CFTR activation cocktail (10 μM forskolin and 50 μM genistein). Fluorescence non-specific to CFTR-mediated iodide efflux was measured by incubating the cells with the activation cocktail and the CFTR specific inhibitor GlyH101 (10 μM). The effects of CAL-PDZ inhibitors were evaluated by the fluorescence increasing rate above the basal level. The fluorescence of dequenched SPQ was measured using the plate reader VICTOR X3 (Perkin Elmer) with excitation wavelength at 350 nm and DAPI emission filter. The data was presented as mean±standard deviation from at least three individual experiments.A homodectic amphipathic cyclic peptide, cyclo(FΦRRRRQ) (cFΦR4), has been reported as a highly active cell-penetrating peptide (CPP) which can enter the cytoplasm of mammalian cells through endocytosis and endosomal escape (Qian, Z et al. ACS Chem. Biol. 2013, 8, 423). To test the validity of the reversible cyclization strategy, a N-3-mercaptopropionyl-FΦRRRRCK-NH2 peptide was synthesized and then cyclized by forming an intramolecular disulfide bond (FIG. 17; Table 10, peptide 1). A linear peptide of the same sequence (Table 10, peptide 2) was also synthesized by replacing the N-terminal 3-mercaptopropionyl group with a butyryl group and the C-terminal cysteine with 2-aminobutyric acid (Abu or U). Both peptides were labeled at a C-terminal lysine residue with fluorescein isothiocyanate (FITC) and their cellular uptake was assessed by live-cell confocal microscopy and flow cytometry. HeLa cells treated with the cyclic peptide (5 μM) showed strong, diffuse green fluorescence throughout the entire cell volume, whereas the endocytosis marker, rhodamine-labeled dextran (dextranRho), exhibited only punctate fluorescence in the cytoplasmic region (FIG. 18A). The nearly uniform distribution of FITC fluorescence in both cytoplasmic and nuclear regions suggests that the cyclic peptide was efficiently internalized by HeLa cells and like the parent cyclic peptide, cFΦR4, was able to efficiently escape from the endosome. In contrast, cells treated with the linear control peptide showed much weaker intracellular fluorescence under the same imaging condition. Quantitation of the total intracellular fluorescence by fluorescence-activated cell sorting (FACS) gave mean fluorescence intensity (MFI) of 27,100, 5530, and 1200 arbitrary units (AU), for cells treated with the disulfide cyclized peptide, linear peptide, and FITC alone, respectively (FIG. 18B). A highly negatively charged pentapeptide, Asp-Glu-pCAP-Leu-Ile (PCP, where pCAP is phosphocoumaryl aminopropionic acid), was also used as cargo and attached to peptides 1 and 2 through a polyethyleneglycol linker (FIG. 17). pCAP is non-fluorescent but, when delivered into the mammalian cytoplasm, undergoes rapid dephosphorylation to generate a fluorescent product, coumaryl aminopropionic acid (CAP) (Stanford, S M et al. Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. U.S.A. 2012, 109, 13972). The pCAP assay therefore provides a quantitative assessment of the cytoplasmic/nuclear concentrations of different CPPs (Qian, Z et al. ACS Chem. Biol. 2013, 8, 423). FACS analysis of HeLa cells treated with 5 μM peptide 1-PCP and peptide 2-PCP gave MFI values of 3020 and 700, respectively (FIG. 19). Thus, the above results indicate that cyclization of FΦRRRR through a disulfide bond can have a similar effect to the N-to-C cyclization and can increase its cellular uptake efficiency by ˜5-fold (Qian, Z et al. ACS Chem. Biol. 2013, 8, 423). In addition, cyclization by disulfide bond formation can enhance the proteolytic resistance of the peptide. Incubation of peptide 1 with a protease cocktail for 12 h resulted in <50% degradation, whereas the linear peptide 2 was degraded with a half-life of ˜20 min under the same condition (FIG. 20).TABLE 10Sequences of peptides.SEQ IDPeptideNOIDPeptide Sequencea1231  1242CH3CH2CH2CO—FΦRRRRUK(FITC)-NH21253Ac-DMUD-Amc 1264  1275  1286CH3CH2CH2CO—RRRRΦFDΩUD-Amc1297Ac-RRRRRRRRRDΩUD-Amc 1308  1319FITC-URRRRFWQUTRV—OH 13211 aAmc, 7-amino-4-methylcourmarin;FITC, fluorescein isothiocyanate;Φ, L-2-naphthylalanine;Ω, norleucine;U, 2-aminobutyric acid. To illustrate the utility of the reversible cyclization strategy, it was used to deliver specific caspase substrates into cells and monitor intracellular caspase activities in real time (Riedl, S J and Shi, Y. Nat. Rev. Mol. Cell Biol. 2004, 5, 897). Although peptidyl coumarin derivatives have been widely used to detect caspase activities in vitro (Maly, D J et al. Chembiochem 2002, 3, 16), they are generally not suitable for in vivo applications due to impermeability to the mammalian cell membrane. To generate a cell permeable caspase substrate, a caspase 3/7 substrate, Ac-Asp-Nle-Abu-Asp-Amc (Thornberry, N A et al. J. Biol. Chem. 1997, 272, 17907) (Table 10, peptide 3, where Amc is 7-amino-4-methylcoumarin and Nle is norleucine), was fused with the CPP motif RRRRΦF. The fusion peptide was subsequently cyclized by the addition of a 3-mercaptopropionyl group to its N-terminus, replacement of the C-terminal Abu with a cysteine, and formation of an intramolecular disulfide bond, to give cyclic peptide 4 (Table 10). For comparison, an isosteric but irreversibly cyclized peptide (Table 10, peptide 5) was synthesized by forming a thioether bond between an N-terminal bromobutyryl moiety and the C-terminal cysteine (FIG. 17). A linear control peptide of the same sequence was also prepared as described above (Table 10 peptide 6). Finally, the caspase 3/7 substrate was conjugated to nonaarginine (R9) to generate a positive control peptide (Table 10, peptide 7). In vitro kinetic analysis revealed that fusion of the caspase 3/7 substrate to RRRRΦF and R9 decreased its activity by 53% and 72%, respectively, relative to peptide 3, whereas cyclization by thioether formation rendered the peptide inactive toward recombinant caspase 3 (Table 11). The activity of peptide 4 toward caspase 3 could not be reliably determined because the caspase assay required a reducing environment, which would cleave the disulfide bond. Given the structural similarity between peptides 4 and 5, it can be assumed that peptide 4 in the cyclic form is also inactive toward caspases, but has similar activity to peptide 6 after reductive cleavage of the disulfide bond.TABLE 11In vitro activity of various fluorogenic substratesagainst recombinant caspase-3 enzyme.Peptide IDΔFU/min3159 ± 195No detectable activity674.7 ± 5.5745.3 ± 6.5 Jurkat cells were pretreated with the kinase inhibitor staurosporin to induce caspase activities and thus apoptosis (Belmokhtar, C A et al. Biochem. 1 1996, 315, 21). These cells were then incubated with peptides 3-7 and the amount of Amc released was monitored at various time points (0-10 h). The impermeable caspase substrate (peptide 3) produced little fluorescence increase over the 10-h period (FIG. 21). Peptide 4 produced the fastest fluorescence increase, reaching 459 fluorescence units (FU), followed by peptides 7 and 6. Peptide 5, which is inactive toward caspase 3, also produced AMC in a time-dependent manner, albeit at a much slower rate (99 FU). This slow rate of AMC release can be attributed to hydrolysis by other intracellular proteases and peptidases. Consistent with this interpretation, pretreatment of Jurkat cells with a pancaspase inhibitor Z-VAD(OMe)-FMK (Slee, E A et al. Biochem J. 1996, 315, 21) followed by incubation with peptide 4 released AMC at a rate that was similar to that of peptide 5 alone. One explanation of the above observations is that both peptides 4 and 5 can enter the cell interior efficiently, but only peptide 4 can be converted into the linear caspase substrate inside the cells.Many protein-protein interactions (PPIs) are mediated by protein domains binding short peptides in their extended conformations (e.g., α-helix and β-strand) (Pawson, T and Nash, P. Science 2003, 300, 445). For example, the PDZ domain is a common structural domain of 80-90 amino acids found in the signaling proteins of bacteria to man (Doyle, D A et al. Cell 1996, 85, 1067; Morais Cabral, J H et al., Nature 1996, 382, 649; Lee, H J and Zheng, J J. Cell Commun. Signal. 2010, 8, 8). PDZ domains recognize specific sequences at the C-termini of their binding partners and the bound peptide ligands are in their extended β-strand conformation (Doyle, D A et al. Cell 1996, 85, 1067; Songyang, Z et al. Science 1997, 275, 73). It was recently reported that the activity of cystic fibrosis membrane conductance regulator (CFTR), a chloride ion channel protein mutated in cystic fibrosis (CF) patients, is negatively regulated by CFTR-associated ligand (CAL) through its PDZ domain (CAL-PDZ) (Wolde, M et al. J. Biol. Chem. 2007, 282, 8099). Inhibition of the CFTR/CAL-PDZ interaction was shown to improve the activity of ΔPhe508-CFTR, the most common form of CFTR mutation (Cheng, S H et al. Cell 1990, 63, 827; Kerem, B S et al. Science 1989, 245, 1073), by reducing its proteasome-mediated degradation (Cushing, P R et al. Angew. Chem. Int. Ed. 2010, 49, 9907). Previous library screening and rational design have identified several peptidyl inhibitors of the CAL-PDZ domain of moderate potencies (KD values in the high nM to low μM range) (Cushing, P R et al. Angew. Chem. Int. Ed. 2010, 49, 9907; Roberts, K E et al. PLos Comput. Biol. 2008, 8, e1002477; Kundu, R et al. Angew. Chem. Int. Ed. 2012, 51, 7217-7220). However, none of the peptide inhibitors were cell permeable, limiting their therapeutic potential.Starting with a hexapeptide ligand for the CAL-PDZ domain, WQVTRV (Roberts, K E et al. PLos Comput. Biol. 2008, 8, e1002477), a disulfide-mediated cyclic peptide was designed by adding the sequence CRRRRF to its N-terminus and replacing the Val at the -3 position with a cysteine (Table 10, peptide 8). Thus, in peptide 8, the tryptophan residue at the -5 position was designed to serve the dual function of PDZ binding and membrane translocation. To facilitate affinity measurements and quantitation of its cellular uptake, a FITC group was added to the N-terminus of peptide 8. FA analysis showed that in the absence of a reducing agent, peptide 8 showed no detectable binding to CAL-PDZ domain (FIG. 22A). In the presence of 2 mM tris(carboxylethyl)phosphine, which can reduce the disulfide bond, peptide 8 bound to the CAL-PDZ domain with a KD value of 489 nM. Peptide 8 was readily cell permeable; incubation of HeLa cells with 5 μM peptide 8 for 2 h resulted in intense and diffuse fluorescence throughout the entire cell (FIG. 22B).As expected, peptide 8 is readily cell permeable (FIG. 25C). Bronchial epithelial CFBE cells, which are homozygous for the ΔF508-CFTR mutation, were treated with 10 μM Corr-4a in the presence and absence of 50 μM unlabeled peptide 8. Peptide 8, by inhibiting the function of CAL-PDZ domain, is expected to increase the amount of ΔF508-CFTR protein transferred to the plasma membrane, whereas Corr-4a is a small molecule that helps folding of ΔF508-CFTR protein delivered to the plasma membrane. Immunostaining of untreated cells (FIG. 25D, panel I) showed that most of the expressed ΔF508-CFTR was in the endoplasmic reticulum surrounding the cell nucleus. In contrast, treatment of cells with Corr-4a and peptide 8 resulted in much greater amounts of the protein at the cell surface (FIG. 25D panel II). Quantitation of the cell population revealed that a small but significant percentage of cells have wild-type like distribution of ΔF508-CFTR at the cell surface (FIG. 25D). Finally, an SPQ assay was utilized to quantitate the ion channel activity of ΔF508-CFTR CFBE cells untreated or treated with CTFR folding corrector VX809 and peptide 8. Again, VX809 and peptide 8 acted synergistically to improve the function of the channel activity of ΔF508-CFTR (FIG. 25E).Example 3Cyclic peptides have great potential as therapeutic agents and research tools but are generally impermeable to the cell membrane. Fusion of the cyclic peptides with a cyclic cell-penetrating peptide can produce bicyclic peptides that can be cell permeable and can retain the ability to recognize specific intracellular targets. Application of this strategy to protein tyrosine phosphatase 1B and peptidyl prolyl cis-trans isomerase Pin1 resulted in potent, selective, proteolytically stable, and biologically active inhibitors against the enzymes.Cyclic peptides (and depsipeptides) exhibit a wide range of biological activities (Pomilio, A B et al. Curr. Org. Chem. 2006, 10, 2075-2121). Several innovative methodologies have recently been developed to synthesize cyclic peptides, either individually (Meutermans, W D F et al. J. Am. Chem. Soc. 1999, 121, 9790-9796; Schafmeister, C E et al. J. Am. Chem. Soc. 2000, 122, 5891-5892; Sun, Y et al. Org. Lett. 2001, 3, 1681-1684; Kohli, R M et al. Nature 2002, 418, 658-661; Qin, C et al. J. Comb. Chem. 2004, 6, 398-406; Turner, R A et al. Org. Lett. 2007, 9, 5011-5014; Hili, Ret al. J. Am. Chem. Soc. 2010, 132, 2889-2891; Lee, J et al. J. Am. Chem. Soc. 2009, 131, 2122-2124; Frost, J R et al. ChemBioChem 2013, 14, 147-160) or combinatorially (Eichler, J et al. Mol. Divers. 1996, 1, 233-240; Giebel, L B et al. Biochemistry 1995, 34, 15430-15435; Scott, C P et al. Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. USA 1999, 96, 13638-13643; Millward, S W et al. J. Am. Chem. Soc. 2005, 127, 14142-14143; Sako, Yet al. J. Am. Chem. Soc. 2008, 130, 7232-7234; Li, S et al. Chem. Commun. 2005, 581-583; Joo, S H et al. J. Am. Chem. Soc. 2006, 128, 13000-13009; Heinis, C et al. Nat. Chem. Biol. 2009, 5, 502-507; Tse, B N et al. J. Am. Chem. Soc. 2008, 130, 15611-15626), and screen them for biological activity. A particularly exciting application of cyclic peptides is the inhibition of protein-protein interactions (PPIs) (Leduc, A M et al. Proc. Natl. Acad. Sic. USA 2003, 100, 11273-11278; Millward, S W et al. ACS Chem Biol 2007, 2, 625-634; Tavassoli, A et al. ACS Chem. Biol. 2008, 3, 757-764; Wu, X et al. Med. Chem. Commun. 2013, 4, 378-382; Birts, C N et al. Chem. Sci. 2013, 4, 3046-3057; Kawakami, T et al. ACS Chem. Biol. 2013, 8, 1205-1214; Lian, W et al. J. Am. Chem. Soc.2013, 135, 11990-11995), which remain challenging targets for conventional small molecules. However, a major limitation of cyclic peptides is that they are generally impermeable to the cell membrane, precluding any application against intracellular targets, which include most of the therapeutically relevant PPIs. Although formation of intramolecular hydrogen bonds (Rezai, T et al. J. Am. Chem. Soc. 2006, 128, 14073-14080) or Nα-methylation of the peptide backbone (Chatterjee, J et al. Acc. Chem. Res. 2008, 41, 1331-1342; White, T R et al. Nat. Chem. Biol. 2011, 7, 810-817) can improve the membrane permeability of certain cyclic peptides, alternative strategies to increase the cell permeability of cyclic peptides are clearly needed.Protein-tyrosine phosphatase 1B (PTP1B) is a prototypical member of the PTP superfamily and plays numerous roles during eukaryotic cell signaling. Because of its role in negatively regulating insulin and leptin receptor signaling, PTP1B is a valid target for treatment of type II diabetes and obesity (Elchelby, M et al. Science 1999, 283, 1544-1548; Zabolotny, J M et al. Dev. Cell 2002, 2, 489-495). A large number of PTP1B inhibitors have been reported (He, R et al. in New Therapeutic Strategies for Type 2 Diabetes: Small Molecule Approaches. Ed. R. M. Jones, RSC Publishing 2012, pp 142), however, none of them have succeeded in the clinic. Designing PTP inhibitors is challenging because most of the phosphotyrosine (pY) isosteres, such as difluorophosphonomethyl phenylalanine (F2Pmp) (Burke Jr., T R et al. Biochem. Biophys. Res. Commun. 1994, 204, 129-134), are impermeable to the cell membrane. Additionally, because all PTPs share a similar active site, achieving selectivity for a single PTP has been difficult. Herein, a potentially general approach to designing cell-permeable cyclic peptidyl inhibitors against intracellular proteins such as PTP1B is reported.Materials. Fmoc-protected amino acids were purchased from Advanced ChemTech (Louisville, Ky.), Peptides International (Louisville, Ky.), or Aapptec (Louisville, Ky.). Fmoc-F2Pmp-OH was purchased from EMD Millipore (Darmstadt, Germany). Aminomethyl-ChemMatrix resin (0.66 mmol/g) was from SJPC (Quebec, Canada). Rink resin LS (100-200 mesh, 0.2 mmol/g) and N-(9-fluorenylmethoxycarbonyloxy) succinimide (Fmoc-OSu) were purchased from Advanced ChemTech. O-Benzotriazole-N,N,N′,N′-tetramethyluronium hexafluorophosphate (HBTU), 2-(7-aza-1H-benzotriazole-1-yl)-1,1,3,3-tetramethyluronium hexafluorophosphate (HATU), 1-hydroxybenzotriazole hydrate (HOBt) were purchased from Aapptec. Phenyl isothiocyanate in 1-mL sealed ampoules, fluorescein isothiocyanate (FITC), rhodamine B-labeled dextran (dextranRho)were purchased from Sigma-Aldrich. Cell culture media, fetal bovine serum (FBS), penicillin-streptomycin, 0.25% trypsin-EDTA, Dulbecco's phosphate-buffered saline (DPBS) (2.67 mM potassium chloride, 1.47 mM potassium phosphate monobasic, 137 mM sodium chloride, 8.06 mM sodium phosphate dibasic.), and anti-phospho-IR/IGF1R antibody were purchased from Invitrogen (Carlsbad, Calif.). Nuclear staining dye DRAQ5™ and anti-β-actin antibody were purchased from Thermo Scientific (Rockford, Ill.). Antibody 4G10 was purchased from Millipore (Temecula, Calif.). All solvents and other chemical reagents were obtained from Sigma-Aldrich (St. Louis, Mo.) and were used without further purification unless noted otherwise.Cell Culture. A549, HEK293, and HepG2 cells were maintained in Dulbecco's modified Eagle medium (DMEM) supplemented with 10% FBS in a humidified incubator at 37° C. with 5% CO2.Protein Expression, Purification and Labeling. The gene coding for the catalytic domain of PTP1B (amino acids 1-321) was amplified by the polymerase chain reaction using PTP1B cDNA as template and oligonucleotides 5′-ggaattccatatggagatggaaaaggagttcgagcag-3′ and 5′-gggatccgtcgacattgtgtggctccaggattcgtttgg-3′ as primers. The resulting DNA fragment was digested with endonucleases Nde I and Sal I and inserted into prokaryotic vector pET-22b(+)-ybbR (Yin, J et al. Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. U.S.A. 2005, 102, 15815-15820). This cloning procedure resulted in the addition of a ybbR tag (VLDSLEFIASKL) to the N-terminus of PTP1B. Expression and purification of the ybbR-tagged PTP1B were carried out as previously described (Ren, L et al. Biochemistry 2011, 50, 2339-2356). Texas Red labeling of PTP1B was carried out by treating the ybbR-tagged PTP1B protein (80 μM) in 50 mM HEPES, pH 7.4, 10 mM MgCl2 with Sfp phosphopantetheinyl transferase (1 μM) and Texas Red-CoA (100 μM) for 30 min at room temperature (Yin, J et al. Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. U.S.A. 2005, 102, 15815-15820). The reaction mixture was passed through a G-25 fast-desalting column equilibrated in 30 mM HEPES, pH 7.4, 150 mM NaCl to remove any free dye molecules. The full-length human S16A/Y23A mutant Pin1 was expressed and purified from E. coli as previously described (Liu, T et al. J. Med. Chem. 2010, 53, 2494-2501).Library Synthesis. The cyclic peptide library was synthesized on 1.35 g of aminomethyl-ChemMatrix resin (0.57 mmol/g). The library synthesis was performed at room temperature unless otherwise noted. The linker sequence (BBM) was synthesized using standard Fmoc chemistry. The typical coupling reaction contained 5 equiv of Fmoc-amino acid, 5 equiv of HBTU and 10 equiv of diisopropylethylamine (DIPEA) and was allowed to proceed with mixing for 2 h. The Fmoc group was removed by treatment twice with 20% (v/v) piperidine in DMF (5+15 min), and the beads were exhaustively washed with DMF (6×). To spatially segregate the beads into outer and inner layers, the resin (after removal of N-terminal Fmoc group) was washed with DMF and water, and soaked in water overnight. The resin was quickly drained and suspended in a solution of Fmoc-Glu(δ-NHS)-OAll (0.10 equiv), Boc-Met-OSu (0.4 equiv) and N-methylmorpholine (2 equiv) in 20 mL of 1:1 (v/v) DCM/diethyl ether (Joo, S H et al. J. Am. Chem. Soc. 2006, 128, 13000-13009). The mixture was incubated on a carousel shaker for 30 min. The beads were washed with 1:1 DCM/diethyl ether (3×) and DMF (8×). Next, the Fmoc group was removed by piperidine treatment. Then, Fmoc-Arg(Pbf)-OH (4×), Fmoc-NaI-OH, and Fmoc-Phe-OH were sequentially coupled by standard Fmoc chemistry to half of the resin. The other half was coupled with the same amino acids in the reverse sequence. The resin was combined and the random sequence was synthesized by the split-and-pool method using 5 equiv of Fmoc-amino acids, 5 equiv HATU and 10 equiv DIPEA as the coupling agent. The coupling reaction was repeated once to ensure complete coupling at each step. For random positions, a 24-amino acid set was selected based on their structural diversity, metabolic stability, and commercial availability, including 10 proteinogenic α-L-amino acids (Ala, Asp, Gln, Gly, His, Ile, Ser, Trp, Pro, and Tyr), 5 nonproteinogenic α-L-amino acids (L-4-fluorophenylalanine (Fpa), L-homoproline (Pip), L-norleucine (Nle), L-phenylglycine (Phg) and L-4-(phosphonodifluoromethyl)phenylalanine (F2Pmp)), and nine a-D-amino acids (D-2-naphthylalanine (D-NaI), D-Ala, D-Asn, D-Glu, D-Leu, D-Phe, D-Pro, D-Thr, and D-Val). To differentiate isobaric amino acids during PED-MS analysis, 4% (mol/mol) of CD3CO2D was added to the coupling reactions of D-Ala, D-Leu, and D-Pro, while 4% CH3CD2CO2D was added to the Nle reactions. Fmoc-F2Pmp-OH (0.06 equiv) and Fmoc-Tyr-OH (0.54 equiv) was placed in the middle of the random positions using HATU/DIPEA. After the entire sequence was synthesized, the allyl group on the C-terminal Glu residue was removed by treatment with a DCM solution containing tetrakis(triphenylphosphine)palladium [Pd(PPh3)4, 0.25 equiv] and phenylsilane (5 equiv) for 15 min (3×). The beads were sequentially washed with 0.5% (v/v) DIPEA in DMF, 0.5% (w/v) sodium dimethyldithiocarbamate hydrate in DMF, DMF (3×), DCM (3×), and DMF (3×). The Fmoc group on the N-terminal random residue was removed by piperidine as described above. The beads were washed with DMF (6×), DCM (3×), and 1 M HOBt in DMF (3×). For peptide cyclization, a solution of PyBOP/HOBt/DIPEA (5, 5, 10 equiv, respectively) in DMF was mixed with the resin and the mixture was incubated on a carousel shaker for 3 h. The resin was washed with DMF (3×) and DCM (3×) and dried under vacuum for >1 h. Side-chain deprotection was carried out with a modified reagent K 78.5:7.5:5:5:2.5:1:1 (v/v) TFA/phenol/water/thioanisole/ethanedithiol/anisole/triisopropylsilane) for 3 h. The resin was washed with TFA and DCM and dried under vacuum before storage at −20° C.Library Screening and Peptide Sequencing. Library resin (100 mg, 300,000 beads) was swollen in DCM, washed extensively with DMF, doubly distilled H2O, and incubated in 1 mL of blocking buffer (PBS, pH 7.4, 150 mM NaCl, 0.05% Tween 20 and 0.1% gelatin) containing 20 nM Texas red-labeled PTP1B at 4° C. for 3 h. The beads were examined under an Olympus SZX12 microscope equipped with a fluorescence illuminator (Olympus America, Center Valley, Pa.) and the most intensely fluorescent beads were manually collected as positive hits. Beads containing encoding linear peptides were individually sequenced by partial Edman degradation-mass spectrometry (PED-MS) (Liu, T et al. J. Med. Chem. 2010, 53, 2494-2501).Individual Peptide Synthesis and Labeling. Monocyclic and bicyclic peptides were synthesized on Rink Resin LS (0.2 mmol/g) using standard Fmoc chemistry. For monocyclic peptides, after the last (N-terminal) residue was coupled, the allyl group on the C-terminal Glu residue was removed by treatment with Pd(PPh3)4 and phenylsilane (0.1 and 10 equiv, respectively) in anhydrous DCM (3×15 min). The N-terminal Fmoc group was removed by treatment with 20% (v/v) piperidine in DMF and the peptide was cyclized by treatment with PyBOP/HOBt/DIPEA (5, 5, and 10 equiv) in DMF for 3 h. For bicyclic peptides, the N-terminal Fmoc group was removed with piperidine and a trimesic acid was coupled on the N-terminal amine using HBTU as a coupling agent. The allyloxycarbonyl groups on the side chains of two Dap residues were removed by treatment with Pd(PPh3)4 and phenylsilane (0.1 and 10 equiv, respectively) in anhydrous DCM for 2 h. The resulting peptide was cyclized with PyBOP as described above. The peptides were deprotected and released from the resin by treatment with 82.5:5:5:5:2.5 (v/v) TFA/thioanisole/water/phenol/ethanedithiol for 2 h. The peptides were triturated with cold ethyl ether (3×) and purified by reversed-phase HPLC on a C18 column. The authenticity of each peptide was confirmed by MALDI-TOF mass spectrometry. Peptide labeling with FITC was performed by dissolving the purified peptide (˜1 mg) in 300 μL of 1:1:1 (vol/vol) DMSO/DMF/150 mM sodium bicarbonate (pH 8.5) and mixing with 10 μL of FITC in DMSO (100 mg/mL). After 20 min at room temperature, the reaction mixture was subjected to reversed-phase HPLC on a C18 column to isolate the FITC-labeled peptide.PTP Inhibition Assay. PTP assays were performed in a quartz microcuvette (total volume 150 μL). The reaction mixture contains 100 mM Tris-HCl, pH 7.4, 50 mM NaCl, 2 mM EDTA, 1 mM TCEP, 0-1 μM of PTP inhibitor, and 500 μM para-nitrophenyl phosphate (pNPP). The enzymatic reaction was initiated by the addition of PTP (final concentration 15-75 nM) and monitored continuously at 405 nm on a UV-VIS spectrophotometer. Initial rates were calculated from the reaction progress curves (typically <60 s). The half-maximal inhibition constant (IC50) was defined as the concentration of an inhibitor that reduced the enzyme activity to 50% and was obtained by plotting the rates (V) against the inhibitor concentration [I] and fitting the data against the equationV=V0(1+[I]IC50) where V0 is the enzymatic reaction rate in the absence of inhibitor. The inhibition constant (Ki) was determined by measuring the initial rates at fixed enzyme concentration (15 nM) but varying concentrations of pNPP (0-24 mM) and inhibitor (0-112 nM). The reaction rate (V) was plotted against the pNPP concentration ([S]) and fitted against the equation1V=K×1[S]+1Vmax to obtain the Michaelis constant K. The Ki value was obtained by plotting the K values against the inhibitor concentration [I] and fitted to equationKK0=1+[I]Ki where K0 is the Michaelis constant in the absence of inhibitor ([I]=0).Confocal Microscopy. Approximately 5×104 A549 cells were seeded in 35-mm glass-bottomed microwell dish (MatTek) containing 1 mL of media and cultured for one day. A549 cells were gently washed with DPBS once and treated with the FITC-labeled PTP1B inhibitors (5 μM), dextranRho (1 mg mL−1) in growth media for 2 h at 37° C. in the presence of 5% CO2. The peptide-containing media was removed and the cells were washed with DPBS three times and incubated for 10 min in 1 mL of DPBS containing 5 μM DRAQ5. The cells were again washed with DPBS twice. Then the cells were imaged on a Visitech Infinity 3 Hawk 2D-array live cell imaging confocal microscope (with a 60× oil immersion lens) at 37° C. in the presence of 5% CO2. Live-cell confocal microscopic imaging of HEK293 cells after treatment with FITC-labeled Pin1 inhibitors were similarly conducted.Immunoblotting. A549 cells were cultured in full growth media to reach 80% confluence. The cells were starved in serum free media for 3 h and treated with varying concentrations of PTP1B inhibitors for 2 h, followed by 30 min incubation in media supplemented with 1 mM sodium pervanadate. The solutions were removed and the cells were washed with cold DPBS twice. The cells were detached and lysed in 50 mM Tris-HCl, pH 7.4, 150 mM NaCl, 1% NP-40, 10 mM sodium pyrophosphate, 5 mM iodoacetic acid, 10 mM NaF, 1 mM EDTA, 2 mM sodium pervanadate, 0.1 mg/mL phenylmethanesulfonyl fluoride, 1 mM benzamidine, and 0.1 mg/mL trypsin inhibitor. After 30 min incubation on ice, the cell lysate was centrifuged at 15,000 rpm for 25 min in a microcentrifuge. The total cellular proteins were separated by SDS-PAGE and transferred electrophoretically to a PVDF membrane, which was immunoblotted using anti-phosphotyrosine antibody 4G10. The same samples were analyzed on a separate SDS-PAGE gel and stained by Coomassie brilliant blue to ascertain equal sample loading in all lanes.To test the inhibitor's effect on insulin signaling pathway, HepG2 cells were cultured to reach 80% confluence. The cells were starved for 4 h in serum free DMEM media before being treated with PTP1B inhibitor (2 h), followed by stimulation with 100 nM insulin for 5 min. The samples were analyzed by SDS-PAGE as described above and immunoblotted using anti-phospho-IR/IGF1R antibody. The PVDF membrane was also probed by anti-β-actin antibody as the loading control.Serum Stability Test. The stability tests were carried by modifying a previously reported procedure (Nguyen, L T et al. PLoS One 2010, 5, e12684). Diluted human serum (25%) was centrifuged at 15,000 rpm for 10 min, and the supernatant was collected. A peptide stock solution was diluted into the supernatant to a final concentration of 5 μM and incubated at 37° C. At various time points (0-24 h), 200-μL aliquots were withdrawn and mixed with 50 μL of 15% trichloroacetic acid and incubated at 4° C. overnight. The final mixture was centrifuged at 15,000 rpm for 10 min in a microcentrifuge, and the supernatant was analyzed by reversed-phase HPLC equipped with a C18 column. The amount of remaining peptide (%) was determined by integrating the area underneath the peptide peak (monitored at 214 nm) and comparing with that of the control reaction (no serum).Fluorescence Anisotropy. FA experiments were carried out by incubating 100 nM FITC-labeled peptide with varying concentrations of protein in 20 mM HEPES (pH 7.4), 150 mM NaCl, 2 mM magnesium acetate, and 0.1% bovine serum albumin (BSA) for 2 h at room temperature. The FA values were measured on a Molecular Devices Spectramax M5 plate reader, with excitation and emission wavelengths at 485 and 525 nm, respectively. Equilibrium dissociation constants (KD) were determined by plotting the FA values as a function of protein concentration and fitting the curve to the following equation:Y=(Amin+(Amax×QbQf-Amin)((L+x+KD)-((L+x+KD)2-4Lx)2L))(1+(QbQf-1)((L+x+KD)-((L+x+KD)2-4Lx)2L)) where Y is the FA value at a given protein concentration x, L is the peptide concentration, Qb/Qf is the correction factor for fluorophore-protein interaction, Amax is the maximum FA value when all of the peptides are bound to protein, while Amin is the minimum FA value when all of the peptides are free. FA competition assay was performed by incubating 100 nM FITC-labeled Pin1 inhibitor 5 with 1 μM Pin1, followed by the addition of 0-5 μM unlabeled inhibitor. The FA values were measured similarly on a pate reader. IC50 values were obtained by plotting the FA values against the competitor concentration and curve fitting using the four-parameter dose-response inhibition equation (Prism 6, GraphPad).A class of cell-penetrating peptides (CPPs), cyclo(Phe-NaI-Arg-Arg-Arg-Arg-Gln) (cFΦR4, where Φ or NaI is L-naphthylalanine), were recently discovered (Qian, Z et al. ACS Chem. Biol. 2013, 8, 423-431). Unlike previous CPPs, which are typically linear peptides and predominantly entrapped in the endosome, cFΦR4 can efficiently escape from the endosome into the cytoplasm. Short peptide cargos (1-7 aa) could be delivered into mammalian cells by directly incorporating them into the cFΦR4ring. The possibility of developing bifunctional cyclic peptides containing both cell-penetrating and target-binding sequences as cell-permeable inhibitors against intracellular proteins was examined. To generate specific inhibitors against PTP1B, a one-bead-two-compound library was synthesized on spatially segregated ChemMatrix resin (Liu, R et al. J. Am. Chem. Soc. 2002, 124, 7678-7680), in which each bead displayed a bifunctional cyclic peptide on its surface and contained the corresponding linear peptide in its interior as an encoding tag (FIG. 23 andFIG. 24). The bifunctional cyclic peptides all featured the amphipathic CPP motif FΦR4 (or its inverse sequence RRRRΦF) on one side and a random pentapeptide sequence (X1X2X3X4X5) on the other side, where X2 represents a 9:1 (mol/mol) mixture of Tyr and F2Pmp while X1 and X3-X5 are any of the 24 amino acids that included 10 proteinogenic L-amino acids (Ala, Asp, Gln, Gly, His, Ile, Pro, Ser, Tyr, Trp), 5 unnatural α-L-amino acids (F2Pmp, L-4-fluorophenylalanine (Fpa), L-norleucine (Nle), L-phenylglycine (Phg), L-pipecolic acid (Pip)), and 9 α-D-amino acids (D-Ala, D-Asn, D-Glu, D-Leu, L-β-naphthylalanine (D-NaI), D-Phe, D-Pro, D-Thr, and D-Val). The use of 9:1 Tyr/F2Pmp ratio at the X2 position, together with a 5-fold reduction of the surface peptide loading, reduced the amount of F2Pmp-containing peptides at the bead surface by 50-fold, increasing the stringency and minimizing nonspecific binding during library screening (Chen, X et al. J. Comb. Chem. 2009, 11, 604-611). Screening of the library (theoretical diversity 6.6×105) against Texas red-labeled PTP1B resulted in 65 positive beads, which were individually sequenced by partial Edman degradation-mass spectrometry (PED-MS) (Thakkar, A et al. Anal. Chem. 2006, 78, 5935-5939) to give 42 complete sequences (Table 12). Interestingly, most of the selected PTP1B inhibitors contained the inverse CPP motif (RRRRΦF).TABLE 12 Peptide Sequences Selected from Cyclic PeptideLibrary against PTP1Ba.SEQIDBeadNO.No.Sequence136 1Pro-Pip-Gly-F2Pmp-Tyr-Arg 137 2Ser-Pip-Ile-F2Pmp-F2Pmp-Arg 138 3Ile-His-Ile-F2Pmp-Ile-Arg 139 4Ala-D-Ala-Ile-F2Pmp-Pip-Arg 140 5Fpa-Ser-Pip-F2Pmp-D-Val-Arg 141 6Pip-D-Asn-Pro-F2Pmp-Ala-Arg 142 7Tyr-Phg-Ala-F2Pmp-Gly-Arg 143 8Ala-His-Ile- F2Pmp-D-Ala-Arg 144 9Gly-D-Asn-Gly-F2Pmp-D-Pro-Arg 14510D-Phe-Gln-Pip-F2Pmp-Ile-Arg 14611Ser-Pro-Gly-F2Pmp-His-Arg 14712Pip-Tyr-Ile-F2Pmp-His-Arg 148 13* Ser-D-Val-Pro-F2Pmp-His-Arg 14914Ala-Ile-Pro-F2Pmp-D-Asn-Arg 15015Fpa-Ser-Ile-F2Pmp-Gln-Phe 15116Ala-D-Ala-Phg-F2Pmp-D-Phe-Arg 15217D-Asn-D-Thr-Phg-F2Pmp-Phg-Arg 153 18*Ile-Pro-Phg-F2Pmp-Nle-Arg 15419Gln-Pip-Fpa-F2Pmp-Pip-Arg 15520D-Asn-Ala-Fpa-F2Pmp-Gly-Arg 15621D-Asn-D-Thr-Tyr-F2Pmp-Ala-Arg 15722D-Glu-Ala-Phg-F2Pmp-D-Val-Arg 15823Ile-D-Val-Phg-F2Pmp-Ala-Arg 15924Tyr-D-Thr-Phg-F2Pmp-Ala-Arg 16025D-Asn-Pip-Phg-F2Pmp-Ile-Arg 16126Pip-D-Asn-Trp-F2Pmp-His-Arg 16227Tyr-Pip-D-Val-F2Pmp-Ile-Arg 16328D-Asn-Ser-D-Ala-F2Pmp-Gly-Arg 164 29*D-Thr-D-Asn-D-Val-F2Pmp-D-Ala-Arg 16530D-Asn-D-Thr-D-Val-F2Pmp-D-Thr-Arg 16631Ser-Ile-D-Thr-F2Pmp-Tyr-Arg 16732D-Asn-Fpa-D-Asn-F2Pmp-D-Leu-Arg 16833Tyr-D-Asn-D-Asn-F2Pmp-Nle-Arg 16934D-Asn-Tyr-D-Asn-F2Pmp-Gly-Arg 17035Ala-Trp-D-Asn-F2Pmp-Ala-Arg 17136D-Val-D-Thr-His-F2Pmp-Tyr-Arg 17237Pro-Phg-His-F2Pmp-Pip-Arg 17338D-Asn-Phg-His-F2Pmp-Gly-Arg 17439Pro-Ala-His-F2Pmp-Gly-Arg 17540Ala-Tyr-His-F2Pmp-Ile-Arg 17641D-Asn-Pip-D-Glu-F2Pmp-Tyr-Arg 17742D-Val-Ser-Ser-F2Pmp-D-Thr-ArgaFpa, L-4-fluorophenylalanine; Pip, L-homoproline; Nle, L-norleucine; Phg, L-phenylglycine; F2Pmp, L-4-(phosphonodifluoromethyl)phenylalanine.*Sequences subjected to further analysis. Three hit sequences (D-Thr-D-Asn-D-Val-F2Pmp-D-Ala-Arg-Arg-Arg-Arg-NaI-Phe-Gln (inhibitor 1), Ser-D-Val-Pro-F2Pmp-His-Arg-Arg-Arg-Arg-NaI-Phe-Gln (inhibitor 2), and Ile-Pro-Phg-F2Pmp-Nle-Arg-Arg-Arg-Arg-NaI-Phe-Gln (inhibitor 3)) were resynthesized and purified by HPLC. All three peptides are competitive PTP1B inhibitors (Table 13), with peptide 2 being most potent (K1=54 nM) (FIG. 25). Confocal microscopic analysis of human cells treated with fluorescein isothiocyanate (FITC)-labeled inhibitor 2 indicated poor cellular uptake of the peptide (FIG. 26a). It has previously been shown that as the size of the cargo inserted into the cFΦR4 ring increases, the cellular uptake efficiency of the cyclic peptides decreases (Qian, Z et al. ACS Chem. Biol. 2013, 8, 423-431). Larger rings can be more conformationally flexible and may bind less tightly to the cell surface receptors (e.g., membrane phospholipids) during endocytosis. The negatively charged F2Pmp may also interact intramolecularly with the FΦR4 motif and interfere with its CPP function.TABLE 13 Potency of Selected Monocyclic PeptideInhibitors against PTP1BSEQMonocyclicIC50ID NOInhibitorSequence(nM)1781cyclo(D-Thr-D-Asn-D-Val-~100F2Pmp-D-Ala-Arg-Arg-Arg-Arg-Nal-Phe-Gln) 1792cyclo(Ser-D-Val-Pro-F2Pmp- ~30His-Arg-Arg-Arg-Arg-Nal-Phe-Gln) 1803cyclo(Ile-Pro-Phg-F2Pmp-~200Nle-Arg-Arg-Arg-Arg-Nal-Phe-Gln) To improve the cell permeability of inhibitor 2, a bicyclic system in which the CPP motif is placed in one ring whereas the target-binding sequence constitutes the other ring (FIG. 23) was explored. The bicyclic system keeps the CPP ring to a minimal size which, according to the previously observed trend (Qian, Z et al. ACS Chem. Biol. 2013, 8, 423-431), can result in more efficient cellular uptake. The bicyclic system should be able to accommodate cargos of any size, because incorporation of the latter does not change the size of CPP ring and, therefore, should not affect the delivery efficiency of the cyclic CPP. The use of a rigid scaffold (e.g., trimesic acid) may also help keep the CPP and cargo motifs away from each other and minimize any mutual interference. The smaller rings of a bicyclic peptide, compared to its monocyclic counterpart, can result in greater structural rigidity and improved metabolic stability.To convert the monocyclic PTP1B inhibitor 2 into a bicyclic peptide, the Gln residue (used for attachment to the solid support and peptide cyclization) was replaced with (S)-2,3-diaminopropionic acid (Dap) and a second Dap residue was inserted at the junction of CPP and PTP1B-binding sequences (C-terminal to His) (FIG. 23). Synthesis of the bicycle was accomplished by the formation of three amide bonds between a trimesic acid and the N-terminal amine and the side chains of the two Dap residues (FIG. 27) (Lian, W et al. J. Am. Chem. Soc.2013, 135, 11990-11995). Briefly, the linear peptide was synthesized on Rink amide resin using the standard Fmoc chemistry and Nβ-alloxycarbonyl (Alloc)-protected Dap. After removal of the N-terminal Fmoc group, the exposed amine was acylated with trimesic acid. Removal of the Alloc groups with Pd(PPh3)4 followed by treatment with PyBOP afforded the desired bicyclic structure. To facilitate labeling with fluorescent probes, a lysine was added to the C-terminus. The bicyclic peptide (peptide 4) was deprotected by TFA and purified to homogeneity by HPLC. Bicyclic peptide 4 can act as a competitive inhibitor of PTP1B, with a K1 value of 37 nM (FIG. 26b). It can be highly selective for PTP1B. When assayed against p-nitrophenyl phosphate as a substrate (500 μM), inhibitor 4 had IC50 values of 30 and 500 nM for PTP1B and TCPTP, respectively (FIG. 26c and Table 14). It exhibited minimal inhibition of any of the other PTPs tested (≦10% inhibition of HePTP, SHP-1, PTPRC, PTPH1, or PTPRO at 1 μM inhibitor concentration). Inhibitor 4 has improved cell permeability over peptide 2, as detected by live-cell confocal microscopy of A549 cells treated with FITC-labeled inhibitor 4 (FIG. 26a). The treated cells showed both diffuse fluorescence throughout the cytoplasm and nucleus as well as fluorescence puncta, indicating that a fraction of the inhibitors reached the cytoplasm and nucleus while the rest was likely entrapped in the endosomes. Incubation of inhibitor 4 in human serum for 24 h at 37° C. resulted in ˜10% degradation, whereas 91% of inhibitor 2 was degraded under the same condition (FIG. 28). Overall, inhibitor 4 compares favorably with the small-molecule PTP1B inhibitors reported to date (Qian, Z et al. ACS Chem. Biol. 2013, 8, 423-431) with respect to potency, selectivity over the highly similar TCPTP (17-fold), cell permeability, and stability.TABLE 14Selectivity of Bicyclic Inhibitor 4 against Various PTPsaPTPPTP1BTCPTPHePTPPTPRCSHP1PTPROPTPH1IC5030 ± 4500 ± 250NANANANANA(nM)aNA, no significant inhibition at 1 μM inhibitor. Inhibitor 4 was next tested for its ability to perturb PTP1B function during cell signaling. Treatment of A549 cells with inhibitor 4 (0-5 μM) resulted in dose-dependent increases in the phosphotyrosine (pY) levels of a large number of proteins, consistent with the broad substrate specificity of PTP1B (Ren, L et al. Biochemistry 2011, 50, 2339) (FIG. 29a). Analysis of the same samples by Coomassie blue staining showed similar amounts of proteins in all samples (FIG. 29b), indicating that the increased pY levels reflected increased phosphorylation (or decreased PTP reaction) instead of changes in the total protein levels. Remarkably, the increase in tyrosine phosphorylation was already apparent at 8 nM inhibitor 4. Interestingly, further increase in inhibitor concentration beyond 1 μM reversed the effect on tyrosine phosphorylation, an observation that was also made previously by Zhang and co-workers with a different PTP1B inhibitor (Xie, L et al. Biochemistry 2003, 42, 12792-12804). To obtain further evidence that the intracellular PTP1B was inhibited by peptide 4, the pY level of insulin receptor (IR), a well-established PTP1B substrate in vivo (Elchelby, M et al. Science 1999, 283, 1544-1548; Zabolotny, J M et al. Dev. Cell 2002, 2, 489-495), was monitored by immunoblotting with specific antibodies against the pY1162pY1163 site. Again, treatment with inhibitor 4 caused dose-dependent increase in insulin receptor phosphorylation up to 1 μM inhibitor and the effect leveled off at higher concentrations (FIGS. 29c, d). Taken together, these data indicate that bicyclic inhibitor 4 can efficiently enter mammalian cells and can inhibit PTP1B in vivo. The decreased phosphorylation at higher inhibitor concentrations may be caused by nonspecific inhibition of other PTPs (which may in turn down regulate protein tyrosine kinases). It may also reflect the pleiotropic roles played by PTP1B, which can both negatively and positively regulate the activities of different protein kinases (Lessard, L et al. Biochim. Biophys. Acta 2010, 1804, 613).To test the generality of the bicyclic approach, it was applied to design cell permeable inhibitors against peptidyl prolyl cis-trans isomerase Pin1, a potential target for treatment of a variety of human diseases including cancer (Lu, K P and Zhou, X Z. Nat. Rev. Mol. Cell Biol. 2007, 8, 904-916), for which potent, selective, and biologically active inhibitors are still lacking (More, J D and Potter, A. Bioorg. Med. Chem. Lett. 2013, 23, 4283-91). Thus, a previously reported monocyclic peptide (5), which is a potent inhibitor against Pin1 in vitro (KD 258 nM) but membrane impermeable (Liu, T et al. J. Med. Chem. 2010, 53, 2494-2501), was fused with cFΦR4 (FIG. 30). In addition, the L-Tyr at the pThr+3 position was replaced with an Arg to improve the aqueous solubility. The resulting bicyclic peptide 6 bound Pin1 with a KD value of 131 nM (Table 15 and FIG. 31). Insertion of a D-Ala at the pThr+5 position to increase the separation between the Pin1-binding and cell-penetrating motifs improved the inhibitor potency by ˜2-fold (KD=72 nM for inhibitor 7). Inhibitor 7 competed with FITC-labeled inhibitor 5 for binding to Pin1 (FIG. 32), indicating that they both can bind to the Pin1 active site. Substitution of D-Thr for D-pThr of inhibitor 7 reduced its potency by ˜10-fold (KD=620 nM for inhibitor 8, Table 16), whereas further replacement of the pipecolyl residue with D-Ala abolished Pin1 inhibitory activity (peptide 9). The bicyclic inhibitors 7-9 were cell permeable (FIG. 33). Treatment of HeLa cells with inhibitor 7 resulted in time- and dose-dependent inhibition of cell growth (45% inhibition after 3-day treatment at 20 μM inhibitor 7), whereas the monocyclic inhibitor 5 and inactive peptide 9 had no effect (FIG. 34). Peptide 8 also inhibited cell growth, but to a lesser extent than inhibitor 7.TABLE 15 Dissociation Constants of Monocyclic and BicyclicPeptides against Pin1 as Determined by FA AnalysisSEQIDPin1NOInhibitorSequenceaKD (nM)1815cyclo(D-Ala-Sar-D-pThr-258 ± 65 Pip-Nal-Tyr-Gln)]-Lys-NH2 1826bicyclo[Tm(D-Ala-Sar-D-131 ± 44 pThr-Pip-Nal-Arg-Ala)-Dap-(Phe-Nal-Arg-Arg-Arg-Arg-Dap)]-Lys-NH2 1837bicyclo[Tm(D-Ala-Sar-D-72 ± 21pThr-Pip-Nal-Arg-Ala-D-Ala)-Dap-(Phe-Nal-Arg-Arg-Arg-Arg-Dap)]-Lys-NH2 1848bicyclo[Tm(D-Ala-Sar-D-620 ± 120Thr-Pip-Nal-Arg-Ala-D-Ala)-Dap-(Phe-Nal-Arg-Arg-Arg-Arg-Dap)]-Lys-NH2 1859bicyclo[Tm(D-Ala-Sar-D->>6000Thr-D-Ala-Nal-Arg-Ala-D-Ala)-Dap-(Phe-Nal-Arg-Arg-Arg-Arg-Dap)]-Lys-NH2aDap, L-2,3-diaminopropionic acid; Nal, L-β-naphthylalanine; Pip, L-pipecolic acid; Sar, sarcosine; Tm, trimesic acid.For FA analysis, all peptides were labeled at the C-terminal lysine side-chain with FITC. In conclusion, a potentially general approach to designing cell-permeable bicyclic peptides against intracellular targets was developed. These preliminary studies show that replacement of the PTP1B-binding motif with other peptide sequences of different physicochemical properties also resulted in their efficient delivery into cultured mammalian cells. The availability of a general intracellular delivery method should greatly expand the utility of cyclic peptides in drug discovery and biomedical research.Example 4Also discussed herein are the CPP sequences in Table 16. All uptake/delivery efficiencies are in Table 17 are relative to that of cFΦR4 (290-1F, 100%). SUV1 are small unilamellar vesicles that mimic the neutral outer membrane of mammalian cells [45% phosphatidylcholine (PC), 20% phosphatidylethanolamine (PE), 20% sphingomyelin (SM), and 15% cholesterol (CHO)]. SUV2 are small unilamellar vesicles that mimic the negatively charged endosomal membrane of mammalian cells [50% PC, 20% PE, 10% phosphatidylinositol (PI), and 20% bis(monoacylglycerol)phosphate].Measurements were carried out fluorescence polarization using FITC-labeled cyclic peptides against increasing concentrations of vesicles. Experiments were performed at pH 7.4 and 5.5 (pH inside late endosomes).The overall delivery efficiency appears to correlate with the CPPs' binding affinity to the endosomal membrane at pH 7.4. i.e., tighter binding leads to higher delivery efficiency.TABLE 16Cyclic CPPs and their cellular uptake and membrane binding properties.UptakeMembrane Binding KD (mM)SEQCPPEfficiencySUV1SUV1SUV2SUV2ID NOSequence(%)pH 7.4pH 5.5pH 7.4pH 5.5290-1F186c(FΦRRRRQ)10041.10.660.63290-12F187c(FfΦRrRrQ)6810.80.0260.004290-9F188c(fΦRrRrQ)6021.20.810.0330.012290-11F189c(fΦRrRrRQ)5422.70.0920.019290-18F190c(FφrRrRq)2050.750.040.022290-13F191c(FφrRrRQ)2000.680.280.04290-6F192c(FΦRRRRRQ)1842.20.120.019290-3F193c(RRFRΦRQ)1630.220.40.26290-7F194c(FFΦRRRRQ)1341.650.110.007290-8F195c(RFRFRΦRQ)980.40.390.082290-5F196c(FΦRRRQ)9710.12.40.066290-4F197c(FRRRRΦQ)597.240.540.11290-10F198c(rRFRΦRQ)521.20.870.17290-2F199c(RRΦFRRQ)471.950.690.025Tat32tootoo3.34.5weakweakR935tootoo0.470.03weakweakΦ = L-naphthylalanine;φ = D-naphthylalanine;f = D-phenylalanine;r = D-arginine;q = D-glutamine Example 5Cardiomyocytes are in general difficult to transfect with DNA and delivering proteins into them by using previous CPPs have not been successful. There is therefore an unmet need for delivering therapeutic proteins into heart tissues.The disclosed cyclic CPPs are very effective in delivering proteins into cardiomyocytes. Fluorescein isothiocyanate (FITC)-labeled cyclic CPPs [c(FΦRRRRQ)-K(FITC)-NH2 and c(fΦRrRrQ)-K(FITC)-NH2] were synthesized and their internalization into mouse ventricular cardiac myocytes was tested by treating the cells with 5 μM FITC-labeled peptide for 3 h. After washing away the extracellular peptides, the internalization of CPPs was examined by fluorescent live-cell confocal microscopy. Both peptides exhibited significant and predominantly diffused fluorescence throughout the cells, indicating efficient internalization of the CPPs into cardiac muscle cells (FIGS. 35a and 35b). Whether the cyclic CPPs are capable of transporting full-length proteins into cardiac muscle cells was tested. Calmodulin (with an engineered Thr5Cys), a multifunctional calcium-binding messenger protein, was conjugated to c(FΦRRRRQ)-C—NH2 at the Cys residue near N-terminus through a disulfide bond. The disulfide exchange reaction is highly specific, efficient, and reversible. Further, upon entering the cytosol of cells, the disulfide linkage is expected to be reduced to release the native protein (FIG. 35c). The CPP-protein conjugate was chemically labeled on amino-groups with cyanine3, which permits visualization of the internalized calmodulin. Mouse ventricular cardiac myocytes were incubated with 6 μM of the CPP-calmodulin conjugate for 3 h, and examined by live-cell confocal microscopy. The intracellular fluorescence signal was present throughout the entire cell volume and displayed a sarcomeric pattern (FIG. 35d), indicating the internalized calmodulin was properly integrated into the cellular machinery. These data indicate that the disclosed cyclic CPPs such as c(FΦRRRRQ) are uniquely capable of delivering small molecules as well as proteins (likely in their native form) into cardiomyocytes with high efficiency, opening the door to future therapeutic applications.Example 6Pin1 is a phosphorylation-dependent peptidyl-prolyl cis/trans isomerase (PPIase). It contains an N-terminal WW domain and a C-terminal catalytic domain, both of which recognize specific phosphoserine (pSer)/phos-phothreonine (pThr)-Pro motifs in their protein substrates. Through cis-trans isomerization of specific pSer/pThr-Pro bonds, Pin1 regulates the levels, activities, as well as intracellular localization of a wide variety of phosphoproteins. For example, Pin1 controls the in vivo stability of cyclin D1 and cyclin E and switches c-Jun, c-Fos, and NF-κB between their inactive unstable forms and active stable forms. Isomerization by Pin1 also regulates the catalytic activity of numerous cell-cycle signaling proteins such as phosphatase CDC25C and kinase Wee1. Finally, Pin1-catalyzed conformational changes in β-catenin and NF-κB lead to subcellular translocation.Given its critical roles in cell-cycle regulation and increased expression levels and activity in human cancers, Pin1 has been proposed as a potential target for the development of anticancer drugs. Pin1 is also implicated in neural degenerative diseases such as Alzheimer's disease. Therefore, there have been significant interests in developing specific inhibitors against Pin1. Small-molecule inhibitors such as Juglone, PiB, dipentamenthylene thiauram monosulfide and halogenated phenyl-isothiazolone (TME-001) generally lack sufficient potency and/or specificity. A number of potent peptidyl Pin1 inhibitors have been reported and are more selective than the small-molecule inhibitors. However, peptidyl inhibitors are generally impermeable to the cell membrane and therefore have limited utility as therapeutics or in vivo probes. A cell-permeable bicyclic peptidyl inhibitor against Pin1, in which one ring (A ring) featured a Pin1-binding phosphopeptide motif [D-pThr-Pip-NaI, where Pip and NaI are (R)-piperidine-2-carboxylic acid and L-naphthylalanine, respectively] while the second ring (B ring) contained a cell-penetrating peptide, Phe-NaI-Arg-Arg-Arg-Arg is shown in FIG. 36, peptide 1. Although the bicyclic peptidyl inhibitor is potent (KD=72 nM) and active in cellular assays, its D-pThr moiety might be metabolically labile due to hydrolysis by nonspecific phosphatases. The negative charges of the phosphate group might also impede the cellular entry of the inhibitor. Here a non-phosphorylated bicyclic peptidyl inhibitor against Pin1 was prepared by screening a peptide library and hit optimization. The resulting bicyclic peptidyl inhibitor is potent and selective against Pin1 in vitro, cell-permeable, and metabolically stable in biological assays.Although removal of the phosphoryl group of peptide 1 significantly reduced its potency against Pin1, the nonphosphorylated peptide (FIG. 36, peptide 2) was still a relatively potent Pin1 inhibitor (KD=0.62 μM). The potency of peptide 2 might be further improved by optimizing the sequences flanking the D-Thr-Pip-NaI motif. So a second-generation bicyclic peptide library, bicyclo[Tm-(X1X2X3-Pip-NaI-Arg-Ala-D-Ala)-Dap-(Phe-NaI-Arg-Arg-Arg-Arg-Dap)]-β-Ala-β-Ala-Pra-β-Ala-Hmb-β-Ala-β-Ala-Met-resin (FIG. 35, where Tm was trimesic acid, Dap was 2,3-diaminopropionic acid, β-Ala was β-alanine, Pra was L-propargylglycine, and Hmb was 4-hydroxymethyl benzoic acid), by randomizing the three N-terminal residues of peptide 2. X1 and X2 represented any of the 27 amino acid building blocks that included 12 proteinogenic L-amino acids [Arg, Asp, Gln, Gly, His, Ile, Lys, Pro, Ser, Thr, Trp, and Tyr], 5 nonproteinogenic α-L-amino acids [L-4-fluorophenylalanine (Fpa), L-norleucine (Nle), L-ornithine (Orn), L-phenylglycine (Phg), and L-NaI], 6 α-D-amino acids [D-Ala, D-Asn, D-Glu, D-Leu, D-Phe, and D-Val], and 4 Nα-methylated L-amino acids [L-Nα-methylalanine (Mal), L-Nα-methyleucine (Mle), L-Nα-methylphenylalanine (Mpa), and sarcosine (Sar)], while X3 was Asp, Glu, D-Asp, D-Glu, or D-Thr. Incorporation of these nonproteinogenic amino acids was expected to increase both the structural diversity and the proteolytic stability of the library peptides. The library had a theoretical diversity of 5×27×27 or 3645 different bicyclic peptides, most (if not all) of which were expected to be cell-permeable. The library was synthesized on 500 mg of TentaGel microbeads (130 μm, ˜7.8×105 beads/g, ˜350 pmol peptides/bead). Peptide cyclization was achieved by forming three amide bonds between Tm and the N-terminal amine and the sidechain amines of the two Dap residues.TABLE 17Hit Sequences from Peptide Library ScreeningahitX1X2X31ProSarD-Asp2ProSarD-Asp3D-PheFpaD-Thr4HisPhgD-Thr5MpaIleD-Glu6PhgHisD-Glu7MpaGlyD-ThraHits 1-3 were selected from 1st-round screening, whereas hits 4-7 were selected after 2nd-round screening. The β-Ala provides a flexible linker, while Pra serves as a handle for on-bead labeling of the bicyclic peptides with fluorescent probes through click chemistry. The ester linkage of Hmb enables selective release of the bicyclic peptides from the resin for solution-phase binding analysis. Finally, the C-terminal Met allows peptide release from the resin by CNBr cleavage prior to MS analysis.The library (100 mg of resin) was screened against a S16A/Y23A mutant Pin1, which has a defective WW domain. The mutant Pin1 was produced as a maltose-binding protein (MBP) fusion at the N-terminus. During the first round of screening, Texas red-labeled MBP-Pin1 was incubated with the peptide library and fluorescent beads were removed from the library under a microscope. Three positive beads had substantially greater fluorescence intensities than the rest of hits and were directly subjected to peptide sequencing by partial Edman degradation mass spectroscopy (PED-MS) (Table 17). The other 13 fluorescent beads were subjected to a second round of screening, during which the bicyclic peptide on each bead was labeled with tetramethylrhodamine (TMR) azide at the Pra residue and released from the bead by treatment with a NaOH solution.TABLE 1 Sequences and Pin Binding Affinities of Peptides UsedSEQKDID NOPeptidePeptide sequence(μM)2001bicyclo[Tm-(D-Ala-Sar-D-pThr-Pip-Nal-Arg-Ala-D-Ala)-Dap-(Phe-Nal-0.072 ±Arg-Arg-Arg-Arg-Dap)]-Lys0.021 2012bicyclo[Tm-(D-Ala-Sar-D-Thr-Pip-Nal-Arg-Ala-D-Ala)-Dap-(Phe-Nal-Arg-0.62 ±Arg-Arg-Arg-Dap)]-Lys0.12 2023bicyclo[Tm-(Pro-Sar-D-Asp-Pip-Nal-Arg-Ala-D-Ala)-Dap-(Phe-Nal-Arg-0.87 ±Arg-Arg-Arg-Dap)]-Lys0.17 2034bicyclo[Tm-(D-Phe-Fpa-D-Thr-Pip-Nal-Arg-Ala-D-Ala)-Dap-(Phe-Nal-0.67 ±Arg-Arg-Arg-Arg-Dap)]-Lys0.12 2045bicyclo[Tm-(Mpa-Gly-D-Thr-Pip-Nal-Arg-Ala-D-Ala)-Dap-(Phe-Nal-Arg-1.08 ±Arg-Arg-Arg-Dap)]-Lys0.12 2056bicyclo[Tm-(Phg-His-D-Glu-Pip-Nal-Arg-Ala-D-Ala)-Dap-(Phe-Nal-Arg-1.47 ±Arg-Arg-Arg-Dap)]-Lys0.19 2067bicyclo[Tm-(Mpa-Ile-D-Glu-Pip-Nal-Arg-Ala-D-Ala)-Dap-(Phe-Nal-Arg-1.25 ±Arg-Arg-Arg-Dap)]-Lys0.20 2078bicyclo[Tm-(His-Phg-D-Thr-Pip-Nal-Arg-Ala-D-Ala)-Dap-(Phe-Nal-Arg-1.40 ±Arg-Arg-Arg-Dap)]-Lys0.24 2089bicyclo[Tm-(Pro-Sar-D-Asp-Pip-Nal-Arg-Ala)-Dap-(Phe-Nal-Arg-Arg-Arg-2.59 ±Arg-Dap)]-Lys0.37 20910bicyclo[Tm-(Pro-Sar-D-Asp-Pip-Nal-Arg)-Dap-(Phe-Nal-Arg-Arg-Arg-3.42 ±Arg-Dap)]-Lys0.61 21011bicyclo[Tm-(D-Phe-Fpa-D-Thr-Pip-Nal-Arg-Ala)-Dap-(Phe-Nal-Arg-Arg-0.90 ±Arg-Arg-Dap)]-Lys0.25 21112bicyclo[Tm-(D-Phe-Fpa-D-Thr-Pip-Nal-Arg)-Dap-(Phe-Nal-Arg-Arg-Arg-2.36 ±Arg-Dap)]-Lys0.48 21213bicyclo[Tm-(Pro-Sar-D-Asp-Pip-Nal-Arg-Ala-β-Ala)-Dap-(Phe-Nal-Arg-2.08 ±Arg-Arg-Arg-Dap)]-Lys0.31 21314bicyclo[Tm-(Pro-Sar-D-Asp-Pip-Nal-Arg-β-Ala-D-Ala)-Dap-(Phe-Nal-Arg-1.75 ±Arg-Arg-Arg-Dap)]-Lys0.18 21415bicyclo[Tm-(Pro-Sar-D-Asp-Pip-Nal-Arg-β-Ala-P-Ala)-Dap-(Phe-Nal-Arg-4.83 ±Arg-Arg-Arg-Dap)]-Lys0.96 21516bicyclo[Tm-(Pro-Sar-D-Asp-Pip-Nal-Arg-Ala-D-Ala-D-Ala)-Dap-(Phe-Nal-2.49 ±Arg-Arg-Arg-Arg-Dap)]-Lys0.57 21617bicyclo[Tm-(Pro-Sar-D-Asp-Pip-Nal-Arg-Tyr-D-Ala)-Dap-(Phe-Nal-Arg-2.17 ±Arg-Arg-Arg-Dap)]-Lys0.55 21718bicyclo[Tm-(Pro-Sar-D-Asp-Pip-Nal-Arg-Val-D-Ala)-Dap-(Phe-Nal-Arg-1.75 ±Arg-Arg-Arg-Dap)]-Lys0.24 21819bicyclo[Tm-(Pro-Sar-D-Asp-Pip-Nal-Arg-Arg-D-Ala)-Dap-(Phe-Nal-Arg-0.72 ±Arg-Arg-Arg-Dap)]-Lys0.09 21920bicyclo[Tm-(Pro-Sar-D-Asp-Pip-Nal-Arg-Asp-D-Ala)-Dap-(Phe-Nal-Arg-3.19 ±Arg-Arg-Arg-Dap)]-Lys0.50 22021bicyclo[Tm-(D-Phe-Fpa-D-Thr-Pip-Nal-Arg-Ser-D-Phe)-Dap-(Phe-Nal-0.57 ±Arg-Arg-Arg-Arg-Dap)]-Lys0.11 22122bicyclo[Tm-(Pro-Sar-D-Asp-Pip-Nal-Arg-Arg-D-Phe)-Dap-(Phe-Nal-Arg-0.48 ±Arg-Arg-Arg-Dap)]-Lys0.07 22223bicyclo[Tm-(Pro-Sar-D-Asp-Pip-Nal-Arg-Arg-D-Val)-Dap-(Phe-Nal-Arg-1.92 ±Arg-Arg-Arg-Dap)]-Lys0.19 22324bicyclo[Tm-(Pro-Sar-D-Asp-Pip-Nal-Arg-Arg-D-Arg)-Dap-(Phe-Nal-Arg-1.31 ±Arg-Arg-Arg-Dap)]-Lys0.10 22425bicyclo[Tm-(Pro-Sar-D-Asp-Pip-Nal-Arg-Arg-D-Asp)-Dap-(Phe-Nal-Arg-4.60 ±Arg-Arg-Arg-Dap)]-Lys1.42 22526bicyclo[Tm-(D-Phe-4-Fpa-D-Thr-Pip-Nal-Arg-Gly-D-Ala)-Dap-(Phe-Nal-0.74 ±Arg-Arg-Arg-Arg-Dap)]-Lys0.11 22627bicyclo[Tm-(D-Phe-4-Fpa-D-Thr-Pip-Nal-Arg-Ala-D-Phe)-Dap-(Phe-Nal-0.27 ±Arg-Arg-Arg-Arg-Dap)]-Lys0.08 22728bicyclo[Tm-(D-Phe-Phe-D-Thr-Pip-Nal-Arg-Ala-D-Phe)-Dap-(Phe-Nal-1.26 ±Arg-Arg-Arg-Arg-Dap)]-Lys0.28 22829bicyclo[Tm-(D-Phe-3,4-diFPhe-D-Thr-Pip-Nal-Arg-Ala-D-Phe)-Dap-(Phe-0.41 ±Nal-Arg-Arg-Arg-Arg-Dap)]-Lys0.10 22930bicyclo[Tm-(D-Phe-4-ClPhe-D-Thr-Pip-Nal-Arg-Ala-D-Phe)-Dap-(Phe-0.78 ±Nal-Arg-Arg-Arg-Arg-Dap)]-Lys0.05 23031bicyclo[Tm-(D-Phe-His-D-Thr-Pip-Nal-Arg-Ala-D-Phe)-Dap-(Phe-Nal-1.68 ±Arg-Arg-Arg-Arg-Dap)]-Lys0.17 23132bicyclo[Tm-(D-Phe-4-BrPhe-D-Thr-Pip-Nal-Arg-Ala-D-Phe)-Dap-(Phe-1.78 ±Nal-Arg-Arg-Arg-Arg-Dap)]-Lys0.42 23233bicyclo[Tm-(D-Ala-4-Fpa-D-Thr-Pip-Nal-Arg-Ala-D-Ala)-Dap-(Phe-Nal-1.49 ±Arg-Arg-Arg-Arg-Dap)]-Lys0.11 23334bicyclo[Tm-(D-Val-4-Fpa-D-Thr-Pip-Nal-Arg-Ala-D-Ala)-Dap-(Phe-Nal-1.07 ±Arg-Arg-Arg-Arg-Dap)]-Lys0.16 23435bicyclo[Tm-(D-2-Fpa-Fpa-D-Thr-Pip-Nal-Arg-Ala-D-Phe)-Dap-(Phe-Nal-0.59 ±Arg-Arg-Arg-Arg-Dap)]-Lys0.05 23536bicyclo[Tm-(D-3-Fpa-Fpa-D-Thr-Pip-Nal-Arg-Ala-D-Phe)-Dap-(Phe-Nal-0.39 ±Arg-Arg-Arg-Arg-Dap)]-Lys0.05 23637bicyclo[Tm-(D-4-Fpa-Fpa-D-Thr-Pip-Nal-Arg-Ala-D-Phe)-Dap-(Phe-Nal-0.12 ±Arg-Arg-Arg-Arg-Dap)]-Lys0.03 23738bicyclo[Tm-(D-4-CyanoPhe-Fpa-D-Thr-Pip-Nal-Arg-Ala-D-Phe)-Dap-(Phe-0.35 ±Nal-Arg-Arg-Arg-Arg-Dap)]-Lys0.04 23839bicyclo[Tm-(D-4-Phe-Fpa-D-Ile-Pip-Nal-Arg-Ala-D-Phe)-Dap-(Phe-Nal-0.46 ±Arg-Arg-Arg-Arg-Dap)]-Lys0.17 23940bicyclo[Tm-(D-4-Phe-Fpa-D-Nle-Pip-Nal-Arg-Ala-D-Phe)-Dap-(Phe-Nal-0.71 ±Arg-Arg-Arg-Arg-Dap)]-Lys0.12 24041bicyclo[Tm-(D-4-Phe-Fpa-D-homoGlu-Pip-Nal-Arg-Ala-D-Phe)-Dap-(Phe-0.87 ±Nal-Arg-Arg-Arg-Arg-Dap)]-Lys0.08 24142bicyclo[Tm-(D-Phe-Fpa-D-Thr-Pip-Nal-Arg-Ala-D-Phe)-Dap-(Arg-Arg-0.98 ±Arg-Arg-Nal-Phe-Dap)]-Lys0.18 24243bicyclo[Tm-(D-Phe-Fpa-D-Thr-Pip-Nal-Arg-Ala-D-Phe)-Dap-(Arg-Arg-1.38 ±Nal-Phe-Arg-Arg-Dap)]-Lys0.16 24344bicyclo[Tm-(D-Phe-Fpa-D-Thr-Pip-Nal-Arg-Ala-D-Phe)-Dap-(Arg-Nal-0.45 ±Arg-Phe-Arg-Arg-Dap)]-Lys0.05 24445bicyclo[Tm-(D-Phe-Fpa-D-Thr-Pip-Nal-Arg-Ala-D-Phe)-Dap-(D-Arg-Arg-3.10 ±D-Arg-Arg-Nal-D-Phe-Dap)]-Lys0.38 24546cyclo (D-Ala-Sar-D-pThr-Pip-Nal-Tyr-Gln)]-Lys0.24 ±0.04 24647bicyclo[Tm-(D-Ala-Sar-D-Thr-D-Ala-Nal-Arg-Ala-D-Ala)-Dap-(Phe-Nal-NoArg-Arg-Arg-Arg-Dap)]-Lysbinding The released peptides were incubated with 5 μM MBP-Pin1 and the increase of fluorescence anisotropy (FA) was measured. For bicyclic peptides that showed ≧50% FA increase (relative to the no-protein control), the corresponding beads (5 beads, which still contained the linear encoding peptides) were sequenced by PED-MS to give 4 additional complete sequences (Table 1). All 7 hit sequences contained a D-amino acid at the X3 position, consistent with the previous observation that Pin1 prefers D-pThr over pThr at this position. There is a strong preference for hydrophobic especially aromatic hydrophobic residues at the X1 position, but no obvious selectivity at the X2 position.Hit Optimization. The 6 hit sequences (hits 1 and 2 have the same sequence) were resynthesized with a Lys added to their C-termini, labeled with fluorescein isothiocyanate (FITC), and tested for binding to Pin1 by FA (Table 18, peptides 3-8). All six peptides bound to Pin1 with moderate affinities (KD˜1 μM), but did not improve upon peptide 2 (KD=0.62 μM). Peptides 3 and 4 were used for structure-activity relationship analysis and optimization. Either expanding or contracting the size of the Pin1-binding ring (A ring) decreased the binding affinity (Table 18, peptides 9-16). Replacement of the Ala residue of peptide 3 with amino acids containing side chains of different physicochemical properties including Arg, Asp, Ser, Tyr, and Val also failed to significantly improve the binding affinity (Table 18, peptide 17-21). On the other hand, modification of the D-Ala residue revealed that substitution of a D-Phe at this position increases the Pin1 inhibitory activity by ˜2-fold (KD=0.48 μM for peptide 22).Peptide 4 was subjected to similar SAR studies. As observed for peptide 3, modification of the Ala residue of peptide 4 (into Gly) had little effect (peptide 26), but replacement of the D-Ala residue with D-Phe improved the binding affinity to Pin1 by ˜2-fold (Table 18, KD=0.27 μM for peptide 27). Modifications of the Fpa residue at the X2 position (e.g., replacement with other halogenated phenylalanine analogs) all decreased the inhibitor potency (peptides 28-32). Likewise, removal of the aromatic side chain at the X1 position was detrimental to Pin1 binding (peptides 33 and 34). However, substitution of halogenated D-Phe analogs improved the Pin1 binding activity (peptides 35-38). In particular, replacement of D-Phe with D-4-fluorophenylalanine (D-Fpa)] resulted in the most potent Pin1 inhibitor of this series (KD=0.12 μM for peptide 37) (FIGS. 36 and 37a). Further attempts to modify the D-Thr residue or the CPP motif failed to improve the Pin1 activity (Table 18, peptides 39-45).Biological Evaluation. To determine whether peptide 37 binds to the catalytic site of Pin1, its ability to compete with peptide 1 for binding to Pin1 by FA analysis was examined. Peptide 1 had previously been shown to bind to the Pin1 active site. As expected, peptide 37 inhibited the binding of peptide 1 to Pin1 with an IC50 value of 190 nM (FIG. 37b). Next, the catalytic activity of Pin1 toward a peptide substrate, Suc-Ala-Glu-Pro-Phe-pNA, in the presence of increasing concentrations of peptide 37 was monitored. Peptide 37 inhibited the Pin1 activity in a concentration-dependent manner, with an IC50 value of 170 nM (FIG. 37c). These results demonstrate that peptide 37 binds at (or near) the active site of Pin1.The selectivity of peptide 37 was assessed by two different tests. First, peptide 37 was tested for binding to a panel of arbitrarily selected proteins including bovine serum albumin (BSA), protein tyrosine phosphatases 1B, SHP1, and SHP2, the Grb2 SH2 domain, Ras, and tumor necrosis factor-α. Peptide 37 bound weakly to BSA (KD˜20 μM), but not any of the other six proteins. Peptide 37 was next tested for potential inhibition of Pin4, FKBP12, and cyclophilin A, the three other common human peptidyl-prolyl cis-trans isomerases. Although Pin4 is structurally similar to Pin1 and has partially overlapping functions with Pin1, peptide 37 only slightly inhibited Pin4 (˜15% at 5 μM inhibitor), with an estimated IC50 value of ˜34 μM (FIG. 37c). Peptide 37 had no effect on the catalytic activity of FKBP12 or cyclophilin A up to 5 μM concentration. These data suggest that peptide 37 is a highly specific inhibitor of Pin1.The metabolic stability of peptide 37 was evaluated by incubating it in human serum for varying periods of time and analyzing the reaction mixtures by reversed-phase HPLC. The pThr-containing Pin1 inhibitor 1 was used as a control. After 6 h of incubation, 97% of peptide 37 remained intact, while ˜50% of bicyclic peptide 1 was degraded after 3 h (FIG. 37d). Loss of peptide 1 was accompanied by the concomitant appearance of a new peak in HPLC. Mass spectrometric analysis of the new species identified it as the dephosphorylation product of peptide 1 (peptide 2). This result is in agreement with our previous observation that the structurally constrained bicyclic peptides are highly resistant to proteolytic degradation. The D-pThr moiety remains susceptible to hydrolysis by the nonspecific phosphatases in human serum.The cellular uptake efficiency of peptide 37, peptide 1, and a previously reported membrane-impermeable monocyclic Pin1 inhibitor (Table 18, peptide 46) was assessed by incubating HeLa cells with the FITC-labeled peptides (5 μM) for 2 h and quantifying the total intracellular fluorescence by flow cytometry analysis. As expected, untreated cells and cells treated with peptide 46 showed little cellular fluorescence, having mean fluorescence intensity (MFI) values of 101 and 193, respectively (FIG. 38a). By contrast, cells treated with peptides 1 and 37 gave MFI values of 2562 and 8792, respectively. Thus, peptide 37 is internalized by HeLa cells ˜4-fold more efficiently than peptide 1. Presumably, the negative charged phosphate group of peptide 1 interacted electrostatically with the positively charged CPP motif and reduced the cellular uptake efficiency of the latter.Inhibition of Pin1 activity has previously been shown to decrease cell proliferation. The effect of peptide 37 on the growth of HeLa cells was examined by using the MTT cell viability assay. The membrane impermeable peptide 46 and a cell-permeable but inactive (defective in Pin1 binding) bicyclic peptide (Table 18, peptide 47) were used as controls. Peptide 37 inhibited HeLa cell growth in a concentration-dependent manner, with an IC50 value of 1.0 μM (FIG. 38b). As expected, neither peptide 46 nor 47 had any effect on cell growth. A time-course study also showed significant growth inhibition (>60%) after a 3-day treatment with 5 μM peptide 37, but not with peptide 46 or 47. The phosphorylated bicyclic peptide 1 under similar testing conditions had an IC50 value of 1.8 μM.Finally, to ascertain that Pin1 is the molecular target of peptide 37 in vivo, the intracellular protein level of a well-established Pin1 substrate, promyeloretinoic leukemia protein (PML), was examined by western blot analysis. Pin1 negatively regulates the PML level in a phosphorylation-dependent manner and inhibition of Pin1 activity is expected to stabilize PML and increase its intracellular level. Indeed, treatment of HeLa cells with peptide 37 (0.2-5 μM) resulted in concentration-dependent increases in the PML level (FIGS. 38c, d). The effect was already significant at 0.2 μM inhibitor (1.8-fold increase in the PML level) and plateaued at ˜1 μM (3.3-fold increase). Again, bicyclic peptide 47 had no effect under the same conditions, while peptide 1 (the positive control, at 5 μM) increased the PML level by 3.1-fold.By screening a peptide library followed by conventional medicinal chemistry approaches, the first potent, selective, metabolically stable, and cell-permeable peptidyl inhibitor against human Pin1 has been disclosed. Its high potency and selectivity should make it a useful chemical probe for exploring the cellular functions of Pin1.Unless defined otherwise, all technical and scientific terms used herein have the same meanings as commonly understood by one of skill in the art to which the disclosed invention belongs. Publications cited herein and the materials for which they are cited are specifically incorporated by reference.Those skilled in the art will recognize, or be able to ascertain using no more than routine experimentation, many equivalents to the specific embodiments of the invention described herein. Such equivalents are intended to be encompassed by the following claims. 







Previous Patent: COMPOSITION OF CYCLIC PEPTIDE COMPOUND, PREPARATION METHOD FOR SAME, AND USES THEREOFNext Patent: DALBAVANCIN COMPOSITIONS FOR TREATMENT OF BACTERIAL











Home


Search


Services


Communities


Help


Contact us

Advertise on this Site










            © 2004-2017 FreePatentsOnline.com. All rights reserved.
            Privacy Policy
                & Terms of Use.
A SumoBrain Solutions Company


 













Dehua Pei - Patents







 


  FREE patent keyword monitoring and additional FREE benefits.  REGISTER now for FREE 
 




    

















  



Browse Inventors:
A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | X | Y | Z






    SEARCH FreshPatents:   
  | Online Background Check



Dehua Pei patentsRecent bibliographic sampling of Dehua Pei patents listed/published in the public domain by the USPTO (USPTO Patent Application #,Title): 07/06/17 - 20170190743 - Cell penetrating peptides and methods of making and using thereofDisclosed herein are compounds having activity as cell penetrating peptides. In some examples, the compounds can comprise a cell penetrating peptide moiety and a cargo moiety. The cargo moiety can comprise one or more detectable moieties, one or more therapeutic moieties, one or more targeting moieties, or any combination thereof.... Inventors: Dehua Pei, Ziqing Qian (Cycloporters, Inc.)11/17/16 - 20160333054 - Small molecule composite surfaces as inhibitors of protein-protein interactionsA method of inhibiting a binding event between a target protein and a binding protein, comprising administering to a cell in vitro an effective amount of a non-naturally occurring bifunctional inhibitor molecule including (a) protein binding moiety, and (b) an effector region, wherein the protein binding moiety binds to a... Inventors: Roger Briesewitz, Dehua Pei, Xianghong Wu 04/28/16 - 20160115202 - Chemical synthesis and screening of bicyclic peptide librariesDisclosed herein are bicyclic peptide compounds, compositions comprising same, methods for making same, and libraries comprising same. The disclosed compounds, in various aspects, are useful for treating a variety of disorders, including inflammatory disorders, autoimmune disorders, and disorders of uncontrolled cellular proliferation. This abstract is intended as a scanning tool... Inventors: Dehua Pei, Punit Upadhyaya, Wenlong Lian, Thi Trinh (Ohio State Innovation Foundation)07/17/14 - 20140200186 - Small molecule composite surfaces as inhibitors of protein-protein interactionsA method of inhibiting a binding event between a target protein and a binding protein, comprising administering to a cell in vitro an effective amount of a non-naturally occurring bifunctional inhibitor molecule including (a) protein binding moiety, and (b) an effector region, wherein the protein binding moiety binds to a... Inventors: Roger Briesewitz, Dehua Pei, Xianghong Wu 
Cycloporters, Inc., Ohio State Innovation FoundationArchived* (*May have duplicates - we are upgrading our archive.)
  	20070259812 - Peptide deformylase inhibitors as novel antibiotics ###The bibliographic references displayed about Dehua Pei's patents are for a recent sample of Dehua Pei's publicly published patent applications. The inventor/author may have additional bibliographic citations listed at the USPTO.gov. FreshPatents.com is not associated or affiliated in any way with the author/inventor or the United States Patent/Trademark Office but is providing this non-comprehensive sample listing for educational and research purposes using public bibliographic data published and disseminated from the United States Patent/Trademark Office public datafeed. This information is also available for free on the USPTO.gov website.  If Dehua Pei filed recent patent applications under another name, spelling or location then those applications could be listed on an alternate page. If no bibliographic references are listed here, it is possible there are no recent filings or there is a technical issue with the listing--in that case, we recommend doing a search on the USPTO.gov website. ###Sign up for the FreshPatents.com FREE Keyword Monitor and check for keyword phrases (ie. "RFID" , "wireless", "web development", "fuel cells" etc.)...You will be notified when new patent applications and inventions are published that match your keywords. Also you can save for later research public patent/invention documents using our FREE Organizer. It takes only 30 seconds to sign up or login.Advertise on FreshPatents.com - Rates & Info###Design/code © 2014 FreshContext LLC/Freshpatents.com.Patent data source: patents published by the United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO)Information published here is for research/educational purposes only (and in conjunction with our Keyword Monitor) and is not meant to be used in place of the full USPTO patent document/images or a comprehensive patent archive search. Complete official applications are on file at the USPTO and may contain additional data/images. FreshPatents.com is not affiliated with or endorsed by the USPTO or firms/individuals or products/designs/ideas related to listed patents and there may be applicable trademarks or servicemarks within the documents.FreshPatents.com Support - Terms & Conditions







FreshPatents.com - NEW Patent Filings by Company























Top 200 Companies - Patent Applications for 03/13/14
A list of 200 companies with the most patent applications filed this week.
Current Week: Alphabetically - # of Filings (recent week) - All - Most Filings Since 2012 Directory: ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ5 - 04     "nextgen"  Limited 1Übertüb 11943596 Alberta 11n2bones Usa 120/20 Cte 120n Labs 32141632 Ontario 12236008 Ontario 122nd Century Limited 124/7 Customer 33d Signatures 13d Systems Korea 13d Systems 13dmd Sp. Z O.o. 13m Innovative Properties 183shape A/s 141medical Ag 14b Dream 14g1d Holdco 14jet Technologies 14tech  C/o Oxo Capital 17hugs Labs 1A.f.i. Design 1A9.com 1Ab Medica Holding S.p.a. 1Abb Schweiz Ag 2Abb 1Abberior Instruments 1Abbott Laboratories 5Abbott Medical Optics 1Abbvie Biotechnology Ltd 1Abbvie 1Abbvie 1Abiogen Pharma S.p.a. 1Abion 1Ablynx N.v. 2Academia Sinica 1Acadia Pharmaceuticals 1Acalvio Technologies 1Accelink Technologies 1Accelstor 1Accenture Global Solutions Limited 2Accessible Technologies 1Accton Technology 1Accuray 2Acemsoa Diabetes Care Holdings Ag 1Acer 1Achaemenid 1Achieve Manufacturing 1Achiewell 1Acorda Therapeutics 2Acsys Ip Holding 1Acushnet 2Ada Technologies 1Adc Telecommunications (shanghai) Distribution 1Adeka 2Adgorilla 1Adidas Ag 3Adjuvants Unlimited 1Adobe Systems 11Adom Intelligent Transport 1Adp 1Adtran 1Advanced Access Technologies 1Advanced Lithium Electrochemistry 1Advanced Micro Devices 4Advanced Systems & Technologies 1Advanced Technology Materials 1Advanced Technology&materials ltd 1Advanced Training System 1Advantest 1Advantic 1Adventures In Sustainability 1Aerin Medical 1Aerinet SolutionsL.l.c. 1Aesculap Ag 1Affichem 1Agc Glass Europe 1Agco 1Agco International 1Agency For ScienceTechnology And Research 1Agenhor Sa 1Agios PharmaceuticalsInc 1Agrisight 1Aileron Therapeutics 1Aintu 1Airbus Helicopters 2Airbus Operations (s.a.s.) 1Airbus Operations Limited 2Airbus Safran Launchers Sas 1Airgain 1Airoha Technology Corp. 1Aisin Aw 1Aisin Seiki 3Aisin Seiki Kabushisiki Kaisha 1Ajinomoto 1Aknit International 1Aktiebolaget Skf 6Alantum 1Alaxala Networks 1Albea Services 1Alcatel Lucent 3Alcatel-lucent Canada 1Alchemica 1Alcoa Usa Corp. 1Ale International 1Alector 1Alfa Wassermann S.p.a. 2Alforex Seeds 1Ali S.p.a. - Carpigiani Group 2Alibaba Group Holding Limited 8Align Technology 2Alkermes Pharma Ireland Limited 1Alkymia 1Allakos 1Allergan 1Alliance Fiber Optic Products 1Alliance Packaging 1Almex Usa 1Alpha And Omega Semiconductor 2Alpine Electronics 1Alps Electric 2Alstom Technology 1Altec Industries 2Altera 1Altergy Systems 1Alto-shaam 2Altria Client Services 1Alva-amco Pharmacal Companies 1Amadeus S.a.s. 1Amarone Partners 1Amazon Technologies 5American Express Travel Related Services 1American Express Travel Related Services 1American Greetings 1American Software Safety Reliability 1American Sterilizer 3American Well 1Amesbury Group 1Amgen 2Amgen Research (munich) 1Ami Industries 1Amicus Therapeutics 1Amkor Technology 1Amorepacific 1Amorphical 1Ampio Pharmaceuticals 1Anacor Pharmaceuticals 1Analog Devices 3Analogic 1Anaren 1Andor Technology Limited 1Andreas Hettich  &  Kg 1Andreas Stihl Ag &  Kg 2Andrew Wireless Systems 1Andritz Hydro 1Andritz Oy 1Angel Playing Cards 1Ansaldo Energia Ip Uk Limited 1Ansaldo Energia Switzerland Ag 2Antecip Bioventures Ii 1Antrova Ag 2Aol Advertising 1Aol 1Aortech International Plc 1Apator Miitors Aps 1Apellis Holdings 1Apex Sports Group 1Api Intellectual Property Holdings 2Apple 27Applied Electronics Corp. 1Applied Materials Israel 2Applied Materials 16Aqdot Ltd 1Aqua Cents Water Management 1Aquavitrum Limited 1Aqueduct Critical CareC/o Mercury Medtech And Lake Washington Institute Of Technology 1Arconic 2Ares Trading S.a. 1Areva Nc 1Arfesan Arkan Fren Elemanlari Sanayi Ve Ticaret A.  ?. 1Arisawa Mfg. 1Arizona Board Of Regents On Behalf Of Arizona State University 2Arkalumen 1Arkema France 3Arkema 1Arm Limited 6Arm 3Arnetoli Motor S.r.l. 1Arthrex 4Arx Pax Labs 1Asahi Fiber Glass 1Asahi Glass Limited 1Asahi Kasei Medical 1Ascion D/b/a Reverie 1Asia Optical International 2Asia Pacific Medical Technology Development 1Asm Ip Holding B.v. 1Asml Holding N.v. 2Asml Netherlands B.v. 7Asoka Usa 1Aspect Imaging 1Aspen Aerogels 2Aspen Aerogels,inc. 1Assa Abloy Ab 1Assistance Publique - Hopitaux De Paris 1Astral Images 2Astrazeneca Ab 2Asustek Computer 1At&s Austria Technologie & Systemtechnik Aktiengesellschaft 1At&t Intellectual Property IL.p. 7At&t Intellectual Property IiL.p. 2At&t Mobility Ii 4Ati Industrial Automation 1Ati Technologies Ulc 2Atlas Copco Drilling Solutions 1Atotech Deutschland 1Atout Process Limited 1Atriva Therapeutics 1Attostat 1Atyr Pharma 1Au Optronics Corp. 1Au Optronics 2Auckland Uniservices Limited 2Auden Techno Corp. 1Audi Ag 11Auris Surgical Robotics 1Austemper Design Systems 2Auto-kabel Management 1Autofactory 1Autoimmun Diagnostika 1Autoliv Development Ab 1Avago Technologies General Ip (singapore) Pte. Ltd 1Avago Technologies General Ip (singapore) Pte. 5Avails Medical 1Avaya 2Averlent 1Avery Dennison Retail Information Services 1Avexir Technologies 3Avi 1Avirid 1Awt Ip 1Axiosonic 1Axis Ab 1Axonics Modulation Technologies 1Az Electronic Materials (luxembourg) S.Á.r.l. 1Az Electronic Materials (luxembourg) S.a.r.l. 1B. Braun Melsungen Ag 1B. G. Negev Technologies And Applications At Ben-gurion University 1B/e Aerospace 1Bace 1Bae Systems Information And Electronic Systems Integration 1Bae Systems Plc 3Baidu Online Network Technology (beijing) Ltd . 1Baidu Online Network Technology (beijing) 1Baker Hughes 10Bally Gaming 2Bandura 1Bank Of America 6Banner Health 1Bardy Diagnostics 1Basell Poliolefine Italia S.r.l. 2Basell Polyolefine 1Basf Se 7Battelle Memorial Institute 1Bavarian Nordic A/s 1Baxalta 1Bayer Cropscience Aktiengesellschaft 1Bayer Intellectual Property 1Bayer Pharma Aktiengesellschaft 1Bayerische Motoren Werke Aktiengesellschaft 6BbzS.r.l. 1Bd Performing Arts 3Beamreach Solar 1Beaverfit Limited 1Bebop Sensors 1Beckett Air 1Bedford Industries 1Bedgear 1Befine Solutions Ag 1Beihang University 2Beijing Boe Display Technology 4Beijing Boe Optoelectronics Technology 6Beijing Deepcool Industries. 1Beijing Globe Super Power New Energy Technology Developement 1Beijing Kingsoft Internet Security Software 1Belden Canada 1Bend Research 1Bender  &  Kg 1Benq 2Bentec  Drilling & Oilfield Systems 1Benteler Automobil Technik 1Benteler Automobiltechnik 4Benz  Werkzeugsysteme 1Bericap Sc 1Beta Pharma 1Bettcher Industries 1Bha Altair 1Biax-fiberfilm 1Bic-violex Sa 1Biedermann Technologies  &  Kg 1Bio-rad Laboratories 1Bioelectron Technology 1Biofire Diagnostics 1Biogen Ma 1Biolab Technologies 1Biologiq 1Biomark Technologies 1Biomerieux 1Biomet Manufacturing 1Bios S.r.l. 1Biosense Webster (israel) 4Biosurfit S.a. 1Biosynth S.r.l. 1Bird Rock Bio 1Bitfury Group Limited 1BitlyInc 1Bitzer Kuehlmaschinenbau 2Bixby Energy Systems 1Black Mc Pty Ltd 1Blackberry Limited 3Bloodworks 2Blue Cube Ip 1Bluefors Cryogenics Oy 1Blueprint Medicines 2Blumenthal Distributing 1Bnsf Logistics 1Board Of RegentsUniversity Of Texas System 4Board Of RegentsUniversity Of Texas Sytem 1Board Of Trustees Of Michigan State University 1Bobst Mex Sa 2Boe Technology Group 24Boehringer Ingelheim International 1Bolaven Farms Limited 1Bonsai Ai 7Boral Ip Holdings (australia) Pty Limited 1Borgwarner 4Bosch 1Bose 1Boston Scientific Neuromodulation 5Boston Scientific Scimed 6Botanic Gardens And Parks Authority 1Bounce Exchange 1Bowater Solar Limited 1Bowman Manufacturing 1Bracco Imaging S.p.a. 1Bragi 2Braiform (hk) 1Brainchild Electronic 1Brainlab Ag 1Brainlit Ab 1Brasscorp Limited 1Breathe Technologies 1Breton Spa 1Bridgelux 1Bridgestone 6Bridgstone 1Brien Holden Vision Institute 1Brigham Young University 1Brilliantts 2Bristol Industrial And Research Associates Limited 1Bristol D/b/a Remote Automation Solutions 1Bristol-myers Squibb 2British Telecommunications Public Limited 1Broadview Communications 1Brocade Communications Systems 1Brose Fahrzeugteile  &   KommanditgesellschaftBamberg 1Brose Fahrzeugteile  &  KommanditgesellschaftCoburg 1Brose Fahrzeugteile  &  KommanditgesellschaftWuerzburg 1Brother Kogyo 10Bsh Hausgaerete 1Bsh HausgerÄte 1Bsh Hausgeräte 1Bsh Hausgeraete 1Btl Holdings Limited 1Bundesdruckerei 1Buttons With Benefits 1Buzzz Pharmaceuticals Limited 1Bwxt Mpower 1Bwxt Nuclear Energy 1Byd  Limited 2C.r. Bard 2C2sense 1Ca 2Cabot Microelectronics 1Cacharme Systems 1Cadenza Innovation 1Calay Venture S.À R.l. 1Calchan Limited 1Calendar Enterprises 2California Expanded Metal Products 1California Institute Of Technology 5Calphalon 1Calsonic Kansei 1Calvin Shie-ning Wang 1Calysta 1Cambridge Enterprise Limited 2Camelot Uk Bidco Limited 1Cameron Health 1Campus Safety Products 1Canarm 1Canon Anelva 1Canon Finetech 2Canon 61Canyon 1CarbonInc 1Carbonics 1Carbonreuse Finland Oy 1Cardiac Pacemakers 1Cardioflow Technologies 1Carefusion 303 2Carestream Health 1Cargill 1Carico International 1Carl Zeiss Meditec Ag 1Carl Zeiss Smt 2Carl Zeiss Spectroscopy 1Carlisle Intangible 1Carnegie Institution Of Washington 1Carnegie Mellon University 3Carrier 3Cascade Designs 1Cascade Microtech 1Cascades Canada Ulc 1Case Western Reserve University 2Casio Computer 1Casper Sleep 1Cataler 1Caterpillar 4Cavium 1Ccty Usa Bearing 1Cdi Laboratories 1Celgard 1Celgene Car 1Cell Signaling Technology 1Cellinbio Ltd 1Celonis 2Cementation Canada 1Center For Advanced Soft Electronics 1Centre National De La Recherche Scientifique 7Centre National De La Recherche Scientifique (cnrs 1Centrix Aero 1Centro De Investigacion Biomedica En Red En Bioingenieria Biomateriales Y Nanome 1Centrotherm Systemtechnik 1Ceramtec 1Cerner Innovation 2Certainteed 1Certify Global 3Certine 1Cfph 1Cgt Enterprises 1Champion Aerospace 1Changzhou Tronly Advanced Electronic Materials 1Chaparral Boats 1Charter Communications Operating 2Chdi Foundation 1Chemapotheca 1Chemtron Research 1Cheng Du Xin Ao Guan Medical Equipment Ltd 1Chengdu Boe Optoelectronics Technology 2Chengdu Homin Technology Ltd 1Chervon (hk) Limited 1Chevron Oronite 1Chevron U.s.a. 2Chichibu Fuji 1Chicony Power Technology 1Chiesi Farmaceutici S.p.a. 1China Academy Of Telecommunications Technology 2China Manufacturing And Brokerage 1China Oilfield Services Limited 1China University Of Mining And Technology 1China University Of Petroleum (east China) 3China Xd Electric Ltd 1Chiun Mai Communication Systems 1Ciena 4Circle Media 1Cirrus Logic International Semiconductor 5Cisco Systems 1Cisco Technology 9Citic Dicastal  Ltd 1Citic Dicastal Ltd 5Citifyd 1Citizen Systems Japan 1Citizen Watch 2Citrix Systems 5City Of Hope 5Cityscapes International 1Cj 4dplex Ltd 1Cj Cgv 1Claas Selbstfahrende Erntemaschinen 1Clariphy Communications. 1Clarke Mosquito Control Products 1Classic Connectors 1Clear 1Clearh2o 2Clemson University 2Climax Technology 1Cloudbreak Therapeutics 1Cloudgate Corp. 1Cnh Industrial America 3Co Everywhere 2Coban Technologies 1Codet 1Codexis 1Cognex 1Coherent 1Colas 1Cole Haan 2Colgate-palmolive 4Colibri Spindles 1Collateral Opportunities 1Colonial 1Coloplast A/s 2Colorado State University Research Foundation 1Comcast Cable Communications 2Comigo 1Commissariat à I'Énergie Atomique Et Aux Énergies Alternatives 1Commissariat A L'energie A Tomique Et Aux Energies Al Ternatives 1Commissariat A L'energie Atomique Et Aux Energies Al Ternatives 1Commissariat A L'energie Atomique Et Aux Energies Alternatives 6Commonwealth Scientific And Industrial Research Organisation 1Commonwealth Supplies 1Commscope Technologies 6Communikate Digital Channel Group Pte Ltd 1Compact Container Systems 1Compact Electro-magnetic Technology And Eco-logical Enterprises B.v. 1Compex Medical S.a. 1Completions Research Ag 1Conmed 1Connaught Electronics 1Connectder 1ConopcoD/b/a Unilever 2Consiglio Nazionale Delle Ricerche 1Constellium Singen 1Construction Research & Technology 1Contemporary Amperex Technology Limited 1Conti Temic Microelectronic 4Continental Automotive 9Continental Teves Ag &  Ohg 1Contitech Techno-chemie 1Contract Fabrication And Design 1Convida Wireless 1Cookgas 1Cool Planet Energy Systems 1Cooler Master 1Cooper-standard Automotive 1Coopersurgical 1Coretronic 1Cornami 1Cornell University 4Corning 10Corning Optical Communications 1Corning Optical Communications Wireless Ltd 1Corsair Memory 1Cotsworks 1Council Of Scientific & Industrial Research 1Council Of Scientific And Industrial Research 2Countr 1Covestro Deutschland Ag 3Covidien Lp 11Cox Communications 2Crane Payment Solutions Limited 1Crane Security Technologies 1Creative Technology 1Cree 2Croda International Plc 1Crop Microclimate Management 1Crossroads Extremity Systems 1Crowdstrike 1Cryotech Nordic Ou 1Csl Behring 1Csmc Technologies Fab1 1Ct Pack S.r.l. 1Ctb Midwest 1Cts 1Cummins Generator Technologies Limited 1Cummins 3Cummins Power Generation Ip 3Cupid Foundations 1Curevac Ag 1Curna 1Current Products Corp. 1Cyclops Road Studs Limited 1Cyiot Ltd 1D & F Equipment Sales 1DÜrr Somac 1Dätwyler Schweiz Ag 1D. P. Technology Corp. 1D2s 1Dae Chang 2Daegu Gyeongbuk Institute Of Science And Technology 1Dai Nippon Printing 2Daicel 1Daiichi Sankyo Limited 1Daimler Ag 1Daio Paper 1Dana Automotive Systems Group 1Dana Automotive Systems Group 1Dana Heavy Vehicle Systems Group 1Dana Italia Spa 1Dana-farber Cancer Institute 1Dana-farber Cancer Institute 1Danisco Us 2Danmarks Tekniske Universitet 1Dansico Us 1Daon Holdings Limited 1Daritech 1Dart Neuroscience (cayman) 1Datalase Limited 1Davenport Saf-t Systems 1Davinci Opto 1Daymen Us 1Dayou Holdings 1Ddm Hopt + Schuler  +  Kg 1Deciphera Pharmaceuticals 1Deckel Maho Pfronten 2Deep Imaging Technologies 1Deere & 6Deka Products Limited Partnership 2Delavan Inc 1Dell Products L.p. 2Dell ProductsL.p. 1Dell ProductsLp 2Dell Software 4Delphi Genetics 1Delphi International Operations Luxembourg S.a.r.l 1Delphi International Operations Luxembourg S.a.r.l. 1Delphi Technologies 3Delta Electronics (shanghai) Ltd 1Delta Electronics 1Denka  Limited 2Denso 1Denso 19Denso International America 1Denso Korea Automotive 1Denso Marston 1Denso Wave 1Depuy Synthes Products 4Deutsche Post Ag 1Deutsche Telekom Ag 1Devialet 1Dexcom 1Dexerials 3Dfine 1Dh Technologies Development Pte. 1Dhc Specialty Corp. 1Dialog Semiconductor (uk) Limited 1Dialog Semiconductor 3Diamond Surface 1Dic 4Diehl Defence  &  Kg 1Diehl Metal Applications 1Digimarc 3Digitaloptics 1Discma  Ag 1Discma Ag 1Disco 4Disease Adsorption System Technologies 1Disney Enterprises 1Division Group 1Dk Advanced Technologies 1Dk City 1Dmg Mori 1DoÑana 1998S.l. 1Dockon Ag 1Dolby International Ab 2Dolby Laboratories Licensing 7Domain Surgical 1Domantis Limited 1Domes Pharma 1Donaldson 1Dong-a St 1Dongbu Hitek Ltd 1Dongbu Hitek 1Dongguan City Maosheng Electronics Industries Ltd 1Dongguan Pan American Electronics 1Doosan Lentjes 1Dorel Juvenile Group 1Doselogix 1Dover Europe Sarl 1Dow Agrosciences 8Dow Chemical Imea 1Dow Corning 1Dow Global Technolgies 1Dow Global Technologies 9Dow Pharmaceutical Sciences 1Dpg Deutsche Parken 1Dr. Johannes Heidenhain 3Dreamworks Animation 1Dresser 1Drexel University 1Dropbox 1Dropby 2Druva Technologies Pte. 1Dsm Ip Assets B.v. 6Dspace Digital Signal Processing And Control Engineering 2Dss International 1Duff Design Limited 1Duke University 1Dunan Microstaq 1Dunlop Sports 2Dura Automotive Systems Sas 1Dura Operating 1Durect 1Durr Systems 1Dws S.r.l. 1Dyaco International 1Dyden 1Dynasol ElastómerosS.a. De C.v. 1Dyson Technology Limited 6E I Du Pont De Nemours And 4E-collar Technologies 1E-pacing 1E-traction Europe B.v. 1E-vision Smart Optics 1E. I. Du Pont De Nemours And 1E.digital 1E.s.i. Software Ltd 1E2c 1East Green Bio 1East Japan Railway 1Eastman Chemical 2Eastman Kodak 1Easy Link Mechanical Technology 1Easy-logic Technology Limited 1Eaton 5Eaton Industries (austria) 1Ebara 1Ebay 7Eberspächer Controls Landau  &  Kg 1Ebi 1Echostar TechnologiesL.l.c. 1Ecocap Usa 1Ecolab Usa 1Ecole Polytechnique FÉdÉrale De Lausanne (epfl) 1Econic Technologies Ltd 1Ecosense Lighting 1Ecospray Technologies S.r.l. 1Edwards Lifesciences 4Eickhof Columbaria 1Eken Electronics Limited 1Ekso Bionics 1Elc Management 3Elcelyx Therapeutics 1Electraled 1Electricite De France 1Electrolux (hangzhou)home Appliances 1Electrolux Appliances Aktiebolag 2Electronic Arts 1Electronic Power Design 1Electronics And Telecommunication Research Institute (etri) 1Electronics And Telecommunications Research Institute 19Electroninks 1Element 1 Corp. 1Elements Of Genius 1Elementum 1Elfa International Group 1Elg Management 1Elite Semiconductor 1Elum 1Elwha 1Em Solutions 1Emazys Technologies Aps 1EmbrapaPqeb Parque Estacao Biologica, 1Emergent Product Development Gaithersburg 1Emory University 1Emotient 1Empire Technology Development 4Enable Injections 1Encana 1Encore Medical Lp Dba Djo Surgical 1Endocare, 1Endochoice 1Enel Sole S.r.l. 1Engel Austria 2Enlibrium Inc 1Enphase Energy 2Enplas 1Ensync 2Enterpriseweb 1Entrenous 1Environmental Development Products (endevpro)Limited 1Enzymotec 1Epcos Ag 1Epic Industries 1Epitech Group S.r.l. 1Epizyme 1Equinix 1Ergon Asphalt & Emulsions 1Esperion Therapeutics 1Essilor International (compagnie Generale D'optique) 2Etak Systems 1Etel Sa 1Eth Zürich (eidgenössische Technische Hochschule Zürich) 1Ethicon 6Eugster / Frismag Ag 1Euroimmun Medizinische Labordiagnostika Ag 1Europharm As 1Evasyst 1Everbright Pharmaceuticals S.a.r.l. 1Everon24 1Everyone Counts 1Evolution Engineering 3Evonik Degussa 3Exagrid Systems 1Excalibur Ip 1Exebenus As 1Exedy 1Exh 1Exokinetics 1Exosome Diagnostics 1Exostemtech 1Exsense Electronics Technology Ltd 1Extreme Telematics Corp. 1Exxonmobil Research And Engineering 3F.r.i.e.n.d. Security Systems 1F5 Networks 1Faber Industrie S.p.a 1Faber S.p.a. 1Fabio Perini S.p.a. 1Facebook 12Fachhochschule Münster 1Fairchild Korea Semiconductor 1Fairfield Industries 1Fallbrook Intellectual Property 1Family Inada 1Fanpex Limited 1Fanuc 12Far Eastern New Century 1Faraday&future 3Faro Technologies 1Fassi Gru S.p.a. 1FastjiS.r.i 1Fc Advisors 1Fci Usa 2Fdk 1Federal-mogul 3Federal-mogul Powertrain 1Fei 1Femtonics Kft. 2Ferno-washington 1Fette Compacting 2Fico MirrorsS.a. 1Fidia Farmaceutici S.p.a. 1Fih (hong Kong) Limited 1Fine Pro 1Fine Sinter Ltd 1Finisar 1Firestone Building Products 1Firestone Industrial Products 1Fischerwerke  &  Kg 1Fisher & Paykel Healthcare Limited 1Fisher Controls International 1Fisher Jeon Gas Equipment (chengdu) 1Fisher Jeon Gas Equipment (chengdu) 1Fitbit 2Fives Oto S.p.a. 1Flex 1Flexenable Limited 1Flintstone Technology Limited 1Flir Systems 2Flodesign Sonics 1Fluid Energy Group 1Fmc Technologies 1Fmi Medical Systems 2Focal Line Solar 1Focal Point 1Football Kings 1Ford Cheer International Limited 2Ford Global Technologies 74Ford Motor 1Forest Laboratories Holdings Limited 1Foret Plasma Labs 1Foro Energy 1Fortress IronLp 1Foseco International Limited 1Foshan Shunde Midea Washing Appliances Mfg. 1Fox Head 1Foxconn Interconnect Technology Limited 1Foxnum Technology 1Fracsolution Technologies 1Fractal Antenna Systems 1Fractus AntennasS.l. 2Frank's International 1Franke Kaffeemaschinen Ag 1Franz Schneider  &  Kg 1Fraunhofer-gesellschaft Zur FÖrderung Der Angewandten Forschung E.v. 1Fraunhofer-gesellschaft Zur Förderung Der Angewandten Forschung E.v 1Fraunhofer-gesellschaft Zur Foerderung Angewandten Forschung E.v. 1Fraunhofer-gesellschaft Zur Foerderung Der Angewan 1Fraunhofer-gesellschaft Zur Foerderung Der Angewandten Forschung E.v. 3Free Form Fibers 1Freelancer Technology Pty Limited 1Freescale Semiconductor 5Fresenius Medical Care Deutschland 3Fresh Direct Produce 1Frictionless World 2Fritschi Ag - Swiss Bindings 1Fte Automotive 1Fuji Capsule 1Fuji 1Fuji Electric 6Fuji Jukogyo 1Fuji Machine Mfg. Ltd 1Fuji Machine Mfg. 1Fuji Machine Mfg.co. 1Fuji Shoji 1Fuji Xerox 14Fujifilm 6Fujikin 1Fujikura 2Fujitsu Component Limited 3Fujitsu Limited 26Fujitsu Optical Components Limited 1Fujiwa Denki 1Full-swing Golf 2Fulton Group N.a. 2Fun Eating Devices 1Funai Electric 3Furukawa Automotive Systems 1Furukawa Electric 2Furuno Electric 1Furuno Electric  Limited 1Futurewei Technologies 7GÉco IngÉnierie 1G.d Societa' Per Azioni 1G.t. Line S.r.l. 1Galderma S.a. 1Gamblit Gaming 2Gambro Lundia Ab 3Garlock Sealing Technologies 1Garmin International 1Garmin Switzerland 3Gazuntite 1Gc 1Ge Aviation Systems 1Ge Energy Power Conversion Technology Ltd 1Ge Healthcare Bio-sciences Ab 1Ge Healthcare Bio-sciences Corp. 1Ge Healthcare Uk Limited 1Ge Jenbacher  &  Og 1Ge Oil & Gas Compression Systems 1Gea Refrigeration Germany 1Geelux Holdings 1Geltech Solutions 1Gemalto Sa 1Gen-probe 1Gene Stream Pty 1Gene Tools 1Genentech 1Genentech 5General Biologicals 1General Electric 42General Electric Technology 4General Impianti S.r.l. 1General Kinematics 1General Nano 1Generale Biscuit 1Genesys Telecommunications Laboratories 1Genius Toy Taiwan 1Gennova Biopharmaceuticals Limited 1Genomic Health 1Genvec 1Genzyme 1Geophysical Technology 1Georgetown University 1Georgia-pacific Consumer Products Lp 2Gestion Mellerin 1Gfe Blut Mbh 1Gfocus Technologies 1Gigamon 2Gigaphoton 3Gilead SciencesInc 1Gilead Sciences 2Gilkey Window 1Ginger.io 1GivaudanS.a. 2Gkn Driveline North America 1Glaxosmithkline Biologicals S.a. 1Glaxsmithkline Intellectual Propety (no.2) Limited 1Gleason-pfauter Maschinenfabrik 1Global Advanced Metals Usa 1Global Payments Gaming Services 4Globalfoundries 9Globalfoundries 1Globe Union Group 1Globus Medical 2Gm Global Technology Operations 34Go Daddy Operating 1Gomecsys B.v. 1Goodrich 2Google 26Google Technology Holdings 2Gootjes-allplant B.v. 3Goto Denshi 1Government Of United States As Represetned By Secretary Of Air Force 1GrÜnenthal 2Graco Children's Products 1Graco Minnesota 2Grail 1Grains Research And Development 1Great Plains Manufacturing 1Gree Green Refrigeration Technology Center  Of Zhuhai 1Greenfields B.v. 2Greenfire Energy Inc 1Greentouch Usa 1Grenzebach Maschinenbau 1Grg Banking Equipment 2Grip Analyzer 1Gritstone Oncology 1Groupon 1Gruenenthal 1Grundfos Holding A/s 1Gruppo Fabbri Vignola S.p.a. 1Gs Yuasa International 5Gsi Technology 1Gtx 1Guangdong Oppo Mobile Telecommunications Corp. 2Guangzhou Ucweb Computer Technology 1Guangzhou Yajiang Photoelectric Equipment Ltd 1Guided Therapy Systems 1Gula Consulting Limited Liability 1Gulfstream Aerospace 2Gvbb Holdings S.a.r.l. 1Gvg Genetic Monitoring 1Gw Pharma Limited 1Gwf Messsysteme Ag 1H-one 1H. Lee Moffitt Cancer Center And Research Institute 1H. Lee Moffitt Cancer Center And Research Institute 2Habitex 1Haibao Fishing Tackle 1Haldor Topsøe A/s 1Halliburton Energy Services 23Hamamatsu Photonics K.k. 2Hamilton Engineering 1Hamilton Sundstrand Codrporation 1Hamilton Sundstrand 6Han Sheng Pharmtech 1Han's Laser Technology Industry Group 2Han's Laser Techology Industry Group 1Hanall Biopharma 2Hand Held Products 3Handi-craft 1Hangzhou Chinastars Reflective Material 1Hangzhou Henful Technology 1Hangzhou Hikvision Digital Technology 1Hankook Tire 1Hankuk Carbon 1Hanon Systems 2Hans Heidolph 1Hansa Medical Ab 1Hansen Medical 2Hanwha Techwin 1Happy 1HaptechInc 1Harda (xiamen) Plastic 1Harmonic Drive Systems Inc 1Harmonic Drive Systems 2Harmonus 1Harris 1Hashplay 1Hasso-plattner-institut Für Softwaresystemtechnik 1Hatsumeiya CoLtd 1Havis 1Hayward Industries 12Hcl Technologies Limited 1Headwater Research 1Healthy Pulse 1Heartsavr Technologies 1Heesung Material 1Hefei Boe Optoelectronics Technology 3Hefei Xinsheng Optoelectronics Technology Ltd 2Hefei Xinsheng Optoelectronics Technology Ltd . 1Hefei Xinsheng Optoelectronics Technology 5Heidelbergcement Ag 1Heidelberger Druckmaschinen Ag 1Helena Laboratories 1Helium Systems 1Helmholtz Zentrum München - Deutsches Forschungszentrum Für Gesundheit Und Umwelt(gmbh) 1Helos 1Henkel Ag &  Kgaa 1Heptagon Micro Optics Pte. 1Hermes Microvision 1Herz 1Hewlett Packard Enterprise Development Lp 29Hewlett- Packard Development L.p. 1Hewlett-packard Development L.p 2Hewlett-packard Development L.p. 22Hewlett-packard Development L.p., 1Hewlett-packard Indigo B.v. 1Hewlettt Packard Enterprise Development Lp 1Hexasolution 1Hfi Innovation 1Hgst Netherlands B.v. 3Highland Instruments 1Highlife Sas 1Highwave 1Higra Industrial Ltda 1Hilti Aktiengesellschaft 2Hinkley Lighting 1Hitachi Automotive Systems 8Hitachi Cable America 1Hitachi Chemical 2Hitachi High-technologies 6Hitachi Information & Telecommunication Engineering 1Hitachi Koki 1Hitachi Kokusai Electric 1Hitachi 1Hitachi Maxell 3Hitachi Systems 1Hitachi Zosen 1Hitachi 12Hk Technology 1Hm.clause 2Hoffmann-la Roche 6Hohai University 1Hokuto 1Holland Electronics 1Home Control Singapore Pte. 1Homecare Enterprise 1Hon Hai Precision Industry 14Honda Motor 9Honeywell International 19Hong International Corp. 1Hopkins Holdings 1Horiba 3Horizon Hobby 1Horn  &  Kg 1Horsch Maschinen 1Hotelsbyday 1Houdinix 1Hoverbars 1Hovione International Ltd 1Howmedica Osteonics Corp. 1Howmedica Osteonics 2Hpm 1Hpm-hydraulic Performance Machines Srl 1Htc 5Htk Enterprises 1Huawei Device 3Huawei Technologies Ltd 1Huawei Technologies 30Huawei Technologies ltd. 1Huazhong University Of Science And Technology 2Hubbell 1Huizhou Kimree Technology 2Huizhou Tcl Mobile Communication Ltd 3Huizhou Willing Office Supplies 1Hunter Douglas 2Hunting Titan 1Huntleigh Technology Limited 1Hussmann 1Hycor Biomedical 2Hydra Management 4Hydrogenica 1Hynetek Semiconductor 1Hyprotek 1Hyundai Mobis 1Hyundai Motor 8Hyundai Steel 1I-spy Digital Limited 1Ibiden 2Ic Plus Corp. 1Icat 1Iceberg Luxembourg S.a.r.l. 1Icomera Ab 2Icon Containment Solutions 1Icon Health & Fitness 1Idemitsu Kosan 3Idexx Laboratories 1Ideya Labs 2Idt Biologika 1Ifp Energies Nouvelles 8Igc 1Igc Gate Components 1Iggillis Holdings 1Ijet Technologies 1Illinois Tool Works 5Illumina Cambridge Limited 1Imaging Advantage 2Imba - Institut Fuer Molekulare Biotechnologie 1Imi 1Iml Instrumenta Mechanik Labor 1Immersion 1Immortal Air 1Immunomedics 1Immutep S.a.s. 1Imo Industries 1Impac Medical Systems 1Impact Technology Systems As 1Impedimed Limited 1Imperial Toy 1In2bones 1Inbet 1Incipio 1Incyte 1Indian Institute Of Technology Madras 1Indiana University Research & Technology 1Indiana University Research And Technology 1Indivior Uk Limited 1Indizen Optical Technologies Of America 1Industrial Technology Research Institute 2Industrie De Nora S.p.a. 2Industry Foundation Of Chonnam National University 1Industry-academic Cooperation Foundation Gyeongsang National University 1Industry-academic Cooperation FoundationYonsei University 3Industry-academic Cooperation Group Of Sejong University 1Industry-university Cooperation Foundation Hanyang University 3Inficon 1Infimer Technologies 1Infineon Technologies Ag 6Infineon Technologies Americas Corp. 1Infineon Technologies Dresden 1Infinitus (china) 1Infinity Augmented Reality Israel 1Infinity Cube Limited 1Infobridge Pte. 1Inform Lightworks 1Information Systems Laboratories 1Ingersoll-rand 2Innate Pharma 1Inno-tech 2Innomind Solution  Limited 1Innopia Technologies 1Innovasic 1Innovationmakers Limited 1Innovative Assessments International 1Innovative Crop Solutions 1Innovative Global Systems 1Innovelis 1Innoven Energy 1Innowireless 1Ino Therapeutics 1Inphi 2Inria (french Institute For Research In Computer Science And Automation) 1Inserm (institut National De La SantÉ Et De La Recherche MÉdicale) 1Inserm (institut National De La Sante Et De La Recherche Medicale) 1Insiava (pty) 1Instaply 1Institut National D'optique 1Institut Polytechnique De Grenoble 1Institute Of Automation Chinese Academy Of Science Sciences 1Instituto De Salud Carlos Iii 1Instrument Capital 1Intact Genomics 1Integrated Device Technology 1Integrated Diagnostics 1Integrated Drive Systems 1Intel 25Intel Ip 5Intellectual Ventures I 2Intelli-vision 2Intelligent Bio-systems 1Intelligent Biosystems 1Intelligent Energy Limited 1Intelligent Fingerprinting Limited 1Intelligent Medical Objects 1Intelligent Technologies International 1Intellikine 1Intercal (uk) Limited 1Intercapital Services North America 1Intercontinental Great Brands 1Interdigital Patent Holdings 1International Business Machines 146International Electronic Machines 1International Insulation Products 1International Spinal Innovations 1Interroll Holding Ag 1Intervyo R&d 1Intigral 1Introtek International 1Intuit 1Intuitive Surgical Operations 3Invectors S.r.l. 1Invensas 1Invensense 1Inventio Ag 3Invisible Hand Enterprises Dba Toughware Prosthetics 1Invivogen Sas 1Ionfield Holdings 1Ionis Pharmaceuticals 2Iontox 1Iotech International 1Iowa State University Research Foundation 2Ip Holdings 1Ipr Licensing 1Irdeto B.v. 1Ironhawk Industrial Distribution 1Isabellenhuette Heusler  &  Kg 1Isharingsoft 1Ishida 1Island Breeze Systems Ca 1Ismedia 1Issuu 1Itc 1Itt Manufacturing Enterprises 1Itt Manufacturing Enterprises 1Iwasaki Industry 1Ixblue 2J&k Management 1Jaguar Land Rover Limited 5Jaguar Precision Industry 1Jamco 1James R. Glidewell Dental Ceramics 1Jamestown Plastics Inc 1Janssen Biotech 1Janssen Vaccines & Prevention B.v. 2Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency 1Japan Aviation Electronics IndustryLimited 1Japan Dispaly 1Japan Display Inc 1Japan Display 7Japan Polypropylene 1Japan Science And Technology Agency 2Jatco Ltd 2Jazz Pharmaceuticals Ireland Limited 1Jefferson Science Associates 3Jenivision 1Jfe Steel 4Jiangsu Hansoh Pharmaceutical Group 1Jiangsu Hecheng Display Technology 1Jiangsu Provincial Academy Of Environmental Science 1Jiaxing Super Lighting Electric Appliance ltd 1Jieng Tai International Electric Corp. 1Jina Pharmaceuticals 1Jka 1Jnc Petrochemical 2John Bean Technologies 4Johnson & Johnson Vision Care 1Johnson Controls Technology 5Johnson Ip Holding 1Johnson Matthey Catalysts (germany) 1Johnson Matthey Public Limited 3Johnson Outdoors 1Johnson Safety 1Joint Stock  "science And Innovations" 1Joled 1Jotec 1Jougor Sanitary Technologies 1Jowat Ag 1Joy Mm Delaware 1Jpmorgan Chase BankN.a. 1Jsonar 1Jsr 1Jtekt 3Jti Biomed Corp. 1Jubilant Life Sciences Limited 1Just Management 1Jvc Kenwood 4Jw Creagene 1Jx Nippon Mining & Metals 2K-tronics (suzhou) Technology 1K.g. Motors 1Kobe Seiko Sho (kobe Steel) 4Somic Ishikawa 1Tokai Rika Denki Seisakusho 2Tokai-rika-denki-seisakusho 3Topcon 1Toshiba 23Toyota Chuo Kenkyusho 1Toyota Jidoshokki 3Yaskawa Denki 1Kairoi Healthcare Strategies 1Kalloc Studios Asia Limited 1Kandou LabsS.a. 1Kaneka 2Kansai Coke And Chemicals 1Karl Storz  &  Kg 2Karsten Manufacturing 1Kasai Kogyo 1Katholieke Universiteit Leuven 1Kathrein Werke Kg 1Kautex Textron  &  Kg 1Kavi Associates 1Kawasaki Jukogyo 4Kci Licensing 1Kempharm 1Kepco Engineering & Construction 1Key Safety Systems 1Kgt Graphit Technologie 1Khs 2Kia Motors 3Kik Interactive 1Kimberly-clark Worldwide 2King Abdulaziz City For Science And Technology 1King Abdulaziz University 1King Abdullah University Of Science And Technology 2King Fahd University Of Petroleum And Minerals 2King Slide Technology 1King Slide Technology ltd. 1King's College London 1King's Metal Fiber Technologies 1King-prebiotics Biotechnology (tw) 1Kingspan Holdings (irl) Limited 1Kingston Digital 1Kinpo Electronics 1Kirin 1Kiss Nail Products 1Kit Check 1Kitz 1Kla-tencor 1Klox Technologies 2Klt Technologies 1Knauf Insulation 2Knoema 1Knorr-bremse Systeme Fuer Nutzfahrzeuge 1Knowles Electronics 2Kobelco Construction Machinery 2Koenig Metall  &  Kg 1Koganei 1Kohler 3Koito Manufacturing 1Kolbus  &  Kg 1Kollmorgen 1Kolon Industries 1Komatsu 2Konami Gaming 1Konica Minolta 7Koninklijke Nederlandse Akademie Van Wetenschappen 1Koninklijke Philips N.v. 14Korea Advanced Institute Of Science And Technology 4Korea Electronics Technology Institute 2Korea Institute Of Energy Research 1Korea Institute Of Oriental Medicine 1Korea Institute Of Science And Technology 3Korea Internet & Security Agency 2Korea Research Institute Of Standards And Science 1Kowa Ltd 1Kowa 1Koyo Bearings North America 1Krallmann Kunststoffverarbeitung 1Krohne Ag 1Krohne S.a.s. 1Kronos International 1Kronotec Ag 1Krosakiharima 1Ksb Aktiengesellschaft 1Kt 1Kubota 2Kunshan Go-visionox Opto-electronics 1Kuraray 1Kurion 1Kurita Water Industries 1Kutting Uk Limited 1Kuwait University 1Kyb 2Kyocera 14Kyocera Document Solutions 7Kyoto University 1Kyulux 1Kyung Dong One 1Kyungpook National University Industry-academic Cooperation Foundation 1Kyushu UniversityNational University 1L'air LiquideSociete Anonyme Pour L'etude Et L'exploitation Des Procedes Georges Claude 1L'oreal 7La  De LÉecole Polytechnique De MontrÉal 1La Pizza + 1 S.r.l. 1Laboratori Alchemia S.r.l. 1Lagree Technologies 1Laird Durham 1Lakehead University 1Lam Research 3Landmark Graphics 1Lane Research 1Language Line Services 2Lankenau Institute Of Medical Research 1Lapis Semiconductor 1Largan Precision 3Laser Zentrum Hannover E.v. 1Lasermax 1Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory 1Lawrence Livermore National Security 3Ldr Medical 1Le Shi Zhi Xin Electronic Technology (tianjin) Limited 1Leadot Innovation 1Leadtrend Technology 1Leaf Sciences Pty Ltd 2Leica Microsystems Cms 1Leica Mikrosysteme 1Lemobile Information Technology (beijing) 1Lennox Industries 9Lenovo (singapore) Pte. 7Lenovo Enterprise Solutions (singapore) Pte. 3Level 3 Communications 2Lexmark International 2Lextar Electronics 2Lg Chem 9Lg Display 2Lg Electronics 54Lg Hausys 2Lg Household & Health Care 1Lg Innotek 4Lg Siltron 1Life Detection Technologies 1Life Project Israel 1Lifecell 2Lifeq Global Limited 1Lifeqode 1Lighthouse Document Technologies  (d/b/a Lighthouse Ediscovery) 1Limoss (shenzhen) 1Linak A/s 1Linde Aktiengesellschaft 2Lineng-tech 1Linkedin 4Linkedln 1Lintec 3Lipimetix Development 1Lippert Components 1Lisa Draexlmaier 1Lite-on Technology 2Litevax B.v. 1Littelfuse 1Livesentinel 1Livionex 1Livzon Mabpharm 1Lixil 1Lm Wp Patent Holding A/s 2Lmk Thermosafe 1Lockheed Martin 15Locus Energy 3Lohr Electromecanique 1Lontra Limited 3Los Alamos National Security 1Lotte Chemical 1Lotte Fine Chemical 1Lowe's Companies 1Lsi Solutions 2Lsis 4Lubrizol Advanced Materials 1Lucas E3L.c. 1Ludwig-maximillans-universität München 1Lumenetix 1Lumentum Operations 1Luminaid Lab 1Lupin Atlantis Holdings Sa. 1Lutron Electronics 1Lvd Acquisition 1Lynx Software Technologies 1Lyondellbasell Acetyls 1M.i.tech 1M.s.t. Medical Surgery Technologies Ltd 1M3at Sa 1Macau University Of Science And Technology 1Machine Zone 2Macronix International 1Magic Leap 1Magna International 1Magna Mirrors Of America 1Magna Mirrors Of AmericaA  Of State Of Delaware 1Magna Powertrain Bad Homburg 1Mahle International 1Makita 1Mako Surgical Corp. 1Mallinckrodt Hospital Products Ip Limited 1Man Truck & Bus Ag 1Mando 3Mannkind 1Manufacturing Resources International 1Manuka Health New Zealand Limited 1Mapquest 1Maradin Technologies 1Marotech 1Marotta Controls 1Marquardt 1Marrone Bio Innovations 1Mars 1Maruha Nichiro 1Marvell World Trade 1Marywood University 1Massachusetts Institute Of Technology 4Mastatix 1Mastercard Asia/pacific Pte Ltd 1Mastercard International 6Maticad S.r.l. 1Max-planck-gesellschaft Zur FÖrderung D. Wissenschaften E.v. 1Max-planck-gesellschaft Zur FÖrderung Der Wissenscaften E.v. 1Maxlinear 3Mayo Foundation For Medical Education And Research 8Mayo Foundation For Medical Education And ResearchA Charitable  Of Minnesota 1Mazda Motor 5Mbda France 1Mcafee 1Mcmaster University 1Mdi Security 1Mdpulse 1Mecanique Analytique 1Medacta International Sa 1Mediatek 10Mediatek Singapore Pte. Ltd 1Mediatek Singapore Pte. 3Medicrea International 1Medishield B.v. 1Medline Industries 3Medos International Sarl 1Medtronic Minimed 2Medtronic Vascular 1Medtronic 6Megachips 1Megaforce  Limited 1Meidensha 1Meitaku Industry 1Melaleuca 1Melcare Medical Pty Ltd 1Melco Holdings 1Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center 1Mentor Graphics 1Merchant Ambassador (holdings) 1Merck Patent 6Merck Sharp & Dohme Corp. 5Merit Medical Systems 2Merrimack Pharmaceuticals 2Mertec 1Mestek Machinery 1Metabolic Technologies 1Metaio 1Method Lights 1Metrex Research 1Metrolight 1Meyer Burger (netherlands) B.v. 1Michelin Recherche Et Technique S.a. 3Michelman 1Micro Focus Software 1Micro-omegapro 1Microchip Technology 2Microdose Therapeutx 1Micromass Uk Limited 3Micron Technology 14Microsemi Storage Solutions (us) 1Microsoft Technology Licensing 36Microvision 1Midea Group 1Midmark 1Mie Fujitsu Semiconductor Limited 1Mighty Oak Medical 1Milestone Entertainment 1Millipede 1Minebea 3Mission Cables 1Mitsubishi Aircraft 1Mitsubishi Electric 19Mitsubishi Electric Research Laboratories 2Mitsubishi Gas Chemical 3Mitsubishi Heavy Industries 5Mitsubishi Hitachi Power Systems 6Mitsubishi Jidosha Kogyo 1Mitsubishi Materials 1Mitsubishi Materials Electronic Chemicals Ltd . 1Mitsubishi Materials Electronic Chemicals 2Mitsubishi Polyester Film 1Mitsuboshi Belting 1Mitsuboshi Diamond Industrial 1Mitsui Chemicals Tohcello 1Mitsui Chemicals 5Mitsui Kinzoku Act 2Mks Instruments 1Mku Pvt Ltd 1Mobius Labs 1Mochida Pharmaceutical 1Mochtech 1Modern Ideas 1Modernatx 3Modular Designs 1Mohawk Fine Papers 1Mol Belting 1Molecular Devices 1Molex 3Momenta Pharmaceuticals 2Monolithic 3d 1Monolithic Power Systems 1Monsanto Technology 2Monument Peak Ventures 1Moog Inc, 1Moogsoft 1Morehouse School Of Medicine 1Morf 1Mornentive Performance Materials 1Morpho 1Morpho Detection 1Morpho 1Morton Buildings 1Motionpoint 1Motor Development International S.a. 1Motorola Mobility 6Mozart Ag 1Mpnics 1Msc Consulting (s) Pte Ltd 1Mstar Semiconductor 1Multi-chem Group 1Multidimension Technology 2Munchkin 5Municipal Parking Services 1MunksjÖ Oyj 2Murata Manufacturing 9Musclesound 1Mustachio 1Myotek Pacific Corp. 1N.v. Nutricia 1Naandanjain Irrigation 1Nabors Industries 1Nabtesco Automotive 1Nachi-fujikoshi Corp. 1Nakamura-tome Precision Industry 1Nalco 1Nanjing Agricultural University 1Nanjing Huazhou Pharmaceutical 1Nanjing University 1Nanoco Technologies 1Nanomarker Sprl 1Nanoport Technology 1Nanotek Instruments 1Nant Holdings Ip 1Nantero 1Nantong Fujitsu Microelectronics 1Nanyang Technological University 2Nasa Langley Research Center 1National Cancer Center 1National Central University 1National Cheng Kung University 1National Cheng Kung University Hospital 1National Chiao Tung University 2National Chung Hsing University 1National Fisheries Research And Development Institute 1National Institute For Materials Science 1National Institute Of Advanced Industrial Science And Technology 3National Institute Of Information And Communications Technology 1National Institutes Of Natural Sciences 1National Oilwell VarcoL.p. 1National Renewable Energy Laboratory 1National Research Council Of Canada (nrc) 1National Sun Yat-sen University 1National Taipei University Of Technology 1National Taiwan University 1National Tsing Hua University 4National University Hospital 1National University Of Singapore 1Nationwide 5 1Nationwide Children's Hospital 1Naurex 1Naver 1Navidea Biopharmaceuticals 1Navvis 1Ncm Innovations (pty) Ltd 1Nec 15Nec Europe 1Nec Laboratories America 7Nederlandse Organisatie Voor Toegepast- Natuurwetenschappelijk  Onderzoek Tno 1Neo Snow Rental 1Neocoil 1Neopost Technologies 1Neovasc Tiara 1Nestec S.a. 3Nestec Sa 1Netapp 6Netlist 1Netstreams 1Neutrik Ag 1Nevro Corp. 1New Imaging Technologies 1New Jersey Institute Of Technology 1New Phase 1New York Air Brake 1New York Air Brake 1New York Air Brake 1New York Society For Ruptured And Crippled  Maintaining Hospital For Special Surgery 1New York University 4Nexpack Limited 1Next Biometrics As 1Nextek Power Systems 1Nextnav 1Nextronics Engineering Corp. 1Nextvpu (shanghai) 2Ngk Insulators 2Ngk Spark Plug 6Nhn Entertainment 3Nhn Studio629 1Nichem Fine Technology 5Nichia 7Nicoventures Holdings Limited 3Nidec Copal 3Nidec Copal Electronics 1Nidec 1Nien Made Enterprise 5Nightingale Smart Solutions 1Nihon Dempa Kogyo 1Nihon Kohden 1Nike 3Nikki 1Ningbo Futai Electric Limited 1Ningde Amperex Technology Limited 1Nippon Chemical Industrial 1Nippon Kayaku 1Nippon Light Metal 1Nippon Micrometal 1Nippon Paint Industrial Coatings 1Nippon Seiki 1Nippon Shokubai 3Nippon Soda 1Nippon Steel & Sumitomo Metal 1Nippon Telegraph And Telephone 1Nipro 1Nipsea Technologies Pte. 1Nissan Chemical Industries 3Nissan Motor 6Nisshin Foods 2Nisshin Steel 1Nitor Therapeutics 1Nitta 2Nittan Valve 1Nitto Denko 3Nmc 1No. 24 Research Institute Of China Electronic Technology 1Noble House Group Pty. 1Nodality 1Nok 3Nok Klueber 1Nokia Solutions And Networks Oy 5Nokia Technologies Oy 2Nomadix 1Noodoe 2Norbar Torque Tools Ltd 1Noritz 1North American Specialty Products 1North Carolina A&t State University 1North Carolina State University 1Northeastern University 2Northrop Grumman Systems 4Northwestern University 5Nova Chemicals (international) S.a. 1Novadaq Technologies 1Novartis Ag 4Novatec 1Novatek Microelectronics Corp. 2Novatel 1Noveome BiotherapeuticsInc, 1Novero Dabendorf 1Novo Nordisk A/s 1Novogy 1Novozymes A/s 1Now Technologies Zrt. 1Nsk Americas 2Nsk 4Ntn 5Ntoggle 1Ntt Docomo 3Nuance Communications 4Nubia Technology 1Nuctech  Limited 1Nuovo Pignone Srl 2Nuscale Power 1Nuwave Sensor Technology Limited 1Nvidia 3Nxgen Partners Ip 1Nxp B.v. 5Nxp Usa 1Ny State Psychiatric Institute 1Nytell Software 1Oasys Water 1Oberthur Technologies 1Obigo 1Obschestvo S Ogranichennoi Otvetstvennostyu "gelizovit" 1Obschestvo S Ogranichennoj Otvetstvennost'ju "ost-optik Sk" 1Océ Holding B.v. 1Océ-technologies B.v. 2Oceaneering International 1Oculus Vr 1Od-os 1Oerlikon Surface Solutions AgPfÄffikon 1Oerlikon Surface Solutions AgPfaffikon 1Officine Facco & C. S.p.a. 1Ohfa Tech 1Ohio State Innovation Foundation 2Ohio University 1Oiles 1Oivita Creative 1Oki Data 2Oki Electric Industry 1Okinawa Institute Of Science And Technology School 1Oligomerix 1Olink Bioscience Ab 1Olympus 13Olympus Winter & Ibe 1Omachron Intellectual Property 1Omega Completion Technology Limited 1Omg 1Omnivision Technologies 2Omron 6On-bright Electronics (shanghai) 2Onesubsea Ip Uk Limited 2Onrisk 1Ooka Island 1Opinionshield 1Optical Engines 1Oracle International 35Oracle International Corportaion 1Orange 4Orange Power 1Orangedental  &  Kg 1Orbotech 1Orchard Yarn And Thread 1Ordnance Survey Limited 1Ordos Equipment Manufacturing BaseDongsheng 1Ordos Yuansheng Optoelectronics 1Oregon Health & Science University 1Organization (aro) 1Origin Wireless 1Orscheln Products L.l.c. 1Orthodontic Research And Development,s.l. 1Orthodyne Electronics 1Orthofix S.r.l. 1Oryzon Genomics S.a. 1Osaro 1Osmo Systems 1Osr Enterprises Ag 1Osram 3Osram Oled 4Ossur Iceland Ehf 1Otis Elevator 4Otter Products 1Ovonic Battery 1Owen Mumford Limited 1Owens Corning Intellectual Capital 1Oxford University Innovation Limited 2Pacific Eagle Enterprise 1Pacific Instruments 1Pacific Vial Mfg. 2Packers Plus Energy Services 1Palantir Technologies 2Palo Alto Research Center 3Palram Industries (1990) 1Panasonic Automotive Systems  Of AmericaDivision Of Panasonic  Of North America 3Panasonic Avionics 1Panasonic 3Panasonic Intellectual Property  Of America 1Panasonic Intellectual Property Management 1Panasonic Intellectual Property Management Ltd 1Panasonic Intellectual Property Management 33Panopto 1Paratus Diagnostics 1Parrot Drones 1Parsons Xtreme Golf 3Paskal Zippers 1Passport Health Communications 1Patent Investment & Licensing 1Paul Hartmann Ag 1Pbs Biotech 1Pearson Education 3Peking University Shenzhen Graduate School 1Penta 5 Usa 3Pentair Flow Technologies 1Pepsico 1Perdue Foods 1Peregrine Semiconductor 2Perkinelmer Health Sciences 1Perm Instruments 1Perosphere 1Peroxychem 1Perpetual V2g Systems Limited 1Personics Holdings 1Petpace 1Pfizer 3Pfu Limited 1Pharmacyclics 1Philip Morris Usa 1Philips Lighting Holding B.v. 8Philips Lighting Holdings B.v. 1Phizzle 1Phoenix Contact  &  Kg 4Photon Holding 1Photosonix Medical 2Physik Instrumente (pi)  &.  Kg 1Physiowave 1Pi-design Ag 1Piaggio & C. S.p.a. 1Piasecki Aircraft 1Piedra - Sombra 1Pilkington Group Limited 1Pine Engineering 1Piolax 1Pioneer 1Pioneer Hi-bred International 2Pioneer Surgical Technology 1Pipe Wrap 1Piqs Technology (shenzhen) Limited 1Piramal Enterprises Limited 1Pixart Imaging 1Pixel Press Technology 1Placed 1Plantlogic 1Plasdan - Automacao E SistemasLda. 1Plass Medtech Ag 1Plasser & Theurer Export Von Bahnbaumaschinen Gesellschaft M.b.h. 1Platypus Technologies 1Plethy 1Pmd Technologies Ag 1Poiesis Medical 1Polar Electro Oy 1Polar Industria De Plasticos Ltda. 1Polatechno 1Polyone 1Polyplus Battery 1Polytherics Limited 1Polywad 1Pop Test 1Porex 1Posco Tmc 1Postech Academy-industry Foundation 1Poubelle 1Power Werks 1Powerdyne 1Powermat Technologies 1Prairie Pharms 1Pratt & Whitney Canada Corp. 2Precision Biologics 1Precision Rail And Mfg. 1Preformed Line Products 1President And Fellows Harvard College 1President And Fellows Of Harvard College 1Pressco Ip 1Pridefield Limited 2Pridgeon & Clay 2Primax Electronics 1Primetals Technologies Austria 1Primetals Technologies Germany 1Prince Castle 1Prinoth S.p.a. 1Printpack Illinois 1Probiotical S.p.a. 1Professional Compounding Centers Of America 1Prolific Technology 1Promentis Pharmaceuticals 1Prometic Pharma Smt Limited 1Propel Orthodontics 1Proserv Operations 1Protected Mobility 1Proven Performance Sporting Products 1Provenance 1Proxy42 1Prunolo 1Pukyong National University Industry-university Cooperation Foundation 1Pulse Finland Oy 1Purdue Pharma L.p. 1Purdue Research Foundation 2Purecircle Sdn Bhd 1Pusan National University Industry-university Cooperation Foundation 1Pycosys 1Qbase 1Qinetiq Limited 1Qizhi Software (beijing)  Limited 1Qsc 1Qualcomm 37Qualys 1Quanta Computer 4Quantum Valley Investment Fund Lp 2Quantumdx Group Limited 1Quantumscape 1Quattro Folia Oy 1Quest Diagnostics Investments 1Quest Diagnostics Investments 1Quicco Sound 1Quick Connectors 1Quickvault 1Quipip 1Qvella 1R. J. Reynolds Tobacco 1R.j. Reynolds Tobacco 1R.r. Donnelley & Sons 1Rackspace Us 1Radiation Monitoring Devices 1Radware 1Rafuten 1Rakuten 2Rambus 2Ramot At Tel-aviv University 1Rana Therapeutics 1Randox Laboratories Limited 1Rausch & Pausch 1Raydiall 1Raysearch Laboratories Ab 1Raytheon 5Rd-tek Ltd 1Rea.deeming Beauty Dba Beautyblender 1Reactivecore 1Realtek Semiconductor 1Realtek Singapore Pte Ltd 1Reckitt Benckiser (brands) Limited 3Recro Gainesville 1Red Hat 4Redax S.p.a. 1Redflow R&d Pty. 1Reface Systems 1Regeneron PharmaceuticalsInc 1Regeneron Pharmaceuticals 5Regents Of University Of California 1Regents Of University Of Minnesota 5Reifenhaeuser  &  Kg Maschinenfabrik 1Reifenhaueser  &  Kg Maschinenfabrik 1Rekrix 4Reliance Industries Limited 1Relypsa 1Rem Technology 1Rememdia Lc 1Remote Xccess 1Renesas Electronics 6Renesas Electronics Europe 1Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute 2Res Usa 1Research & Business FoundationSungkyunkwan University 1Research Institute Of Petroleum ProcessingSinopec 1Resmed Limited 2Respiratory Motion 1Retrax Holdings 1Returnity Innovations 1Rex MedicalL.p. 1Reybrouck Consulting & Innovation Bvba 1Rf Code 3Rf Micro Devices 6Rfmicron 1Rhino Building Products 1Rhinox Tool 1Rhodia Operations 1Richard Bergner Verbindungstechnik  &  Kg 1Ricoh Ltd 1Ricoh 12Ridar Systems 1Riddell 2Rieke Packaging Systems Limited 1Rigado 1Righteye 1Rise Interactive Media & Analytics 1Rivet Networks 1Robert Bosch 22Robovent Products Group 1Roche Diabetes Care 1Roche Diagnostics International Ag 1Roche Diagnostics Operations 3Roche Molecular Systems 2Rockwell Automation Technologies 3Rohde & Schwarz  &  Kg 1Rohm And Haas 1Rohm And Haas Electronic Materials Korea 1Rohm 4Rohr 1Rohto Pharmaceutical 1Roller Bearing  Of America 1Rollquett Patent Ab 1Rolls-royce Aktiebolag 1Rolls-royce 2Rolls-royce Deutschland Ltd & Co Kg 3Rolls-royce North American Technologies 1Rolls-royce North American Technologies 2Rolls-royce Nuclear Field Services France 1Rolls-royce Plc 4Roquette Freres 1Rosemount Analytical 1Rosemount 1Rosemount Tank Radar Ab 1Rossignol Lange S.r.l. 1Rouge H2 Engineering 1Rowan University 1Rpost Communications Limited 1Ruckus Wireless 1Rufus Labs 1Rugen Holdings (cayman) Limited 1Ruprecht-karls-universität Heidelberg 1RutgersState University Of New Jersey 4Rxguard 1S & V Siu Associates 1S&c Electric 1S-p Products 1S-printing Solution 2S. C. Johnson & Son 2S.c. Johnson & Son 1S.m.s Smart Microwave Sensors 1S.p.m. Flow Control 1S2f Flexico 1Sabert 1Sabic Global Technologies B.v. 5Sabre Industries 3Sacyr ConstrucciÓn S.a.u. 1Saf-holland 2Safe Rack 1Safran Aero Boosters S.a. 3Safran Aircraft Engines 2Safran Electronics & Defense Sas 1Safran Helicopter Engines 2Saint Louis Univeristy 1Saint Louis University 1Saint Technologies 1Saint-gobain  Glass France 1Saint-gobain Abrasifs 1Saint-gobain Glass France 1Saint-gobain Lumilog 1Saint-gobain Performance Plastics 1Saint-gobain Performance Plastics France 1Saipem S.a. 1Saitama Medical University 1Saldarini 1882 S.r.l. 1Salesforce.com 4Salomon S.a.s. 1Saltworks Technologies 1Salvagnini Italia S.p.a 1Samplix S.a.r.l. 1Samsung Display 2Samsung Display Ltd 2Samsung Display 22Samsung Electro-mechanics 6Samsung Electronics 1Samsung Electronics Ltd 13Samsung Electronics 100Samsung Medison 1Samsung Sdi 3Samyang 1San Diego State University Research Foundation 1Sanden Holdings 3Sandia 1Sandisk Technologies 1Sandisk Technologies 3Sandvik Intellectual Property Ab 1Sanechips Technology 2Sanford Burnham Prebys Medical Discovery Institute 1Sangamo Biosciences 1Sanki Engineering 1Sanofi 1Sanofi Pasteur 1Sanofi-aventis Deutschland 1Santa Cruz Pharmaceuticals 2Sanwa Biotech Ltd 1Sanyo Electric 1Sap Se 1Sartorius Stedim Biotech 1Sasol Technology Proprietary Limited 1Sato Holdings 2Saturn Licensing 1Saudi Arabian Oil 3Sc "atomenergomash" 1Sca Hygiene Products Ab 1Schaeffler Technologies Ag &  Kg 9Schaffert Manufacturing 1Schatz Forensic Pty Ltd 1Schenck Process Uk Limited 1Schleifring Und Apparatebau 1Schlumberger Technology B.v. 1Schlumberger Technology 13Schneider Electric Industries Sas 1Scholar Rock 1School Azabu Veterinary Medicine Educational Institution 1Schott Ag 3Schulte 1Schumacher Electric Corp. 1Schweitzer Engineering Laboratories 2Science Applications International 1Scint-x Ab 1Screen Holdings 1Screenaway Pty Ltd 1Seagate Technology 3Searchware 1Sears BrandsL.l.c. 1Seating Design & Development Limited 1Segmint 1Sei 1Seiko Epson 27Seiko Instruments 5Sekisui Chemical 2Selec Controls Pvt. 1Selux Diagnostics 1Semiconductor Energy Laboratory 17Semiconductor Manufacturing International (shanghai) 2Senior Scientific 1Senko Advanced Components 2Senseonics 1Sentinel Connector System 1Sentreheart 1Seoul National University R&db Foundation 2Sercel 1Seuster Kg 1Seven Bridges Genomics 1Shandong Institute Of Quantum Science And Technology 1Shanghai Allist Pharmaceuticals 1Shanghai Easy-use Tools Enterprise 1Shanghai Integrated Circuit Research And Development Center 1Shanghai Jiao Tong University 1Shanghai Karstone Energy Technology 1Shanghai Langbo Communication Technology  Limited 1Shanghai Moons' Electric 2Shanghai United Imaging Healthcare 2Sharkninja Operating 1Sharp 20Sharp Laboratories Of America 1Shekel Scales (2008) 1Shell Oil 4Sheltered Wings D/b/a Vortex Optics 1Shem 1Shenzhen China Star Optoelectronics Technolog 1Shenzhen China Star Optoelectronics Technology 1Shenzhen China Star Optoelectronics Technology 4Shenzhen First Union Technology 4Shenzhen Institutes Of Advanced Technology Chinese Academy Of Sciences 1Shenzhen L-rider Technology Ltd 1Shenzhen Leyard Opto-electronic 1Shenzhen Peninsula Medical 1Shenzhen Silver Star Intelligent Technology 1Shenzhen Skyworth-rgb Electronic 1Shenzhen University 2Shenzhen Vchan Technology ltd 1Shenzhen Wiring Matrix Technologies 2Sherman + Reilly 1Shimadzu 1Shimano 6Shin-etsu Chemical 6Shin-etsu Handotai 1Shin-etsu Polymer 1Shinano Kenshi 2Shl Group Ab 1Shoals Technologies Group 1Showa 1Sick Ag 1Sicoxs 1Sicpa Holding Sa 2Sidel Participations 1Siemens Ag Oesterreich 1Siemens Aktiengesellschaft 20Siemens Energy 1Siemens Healthcare Diagnostics Products 1Siemens Healthcare 5Siemens Schweiz Ag 1Sigma Laboratories Of Arizona 1Sigue 2Sii Semiconductor 1Sikorsky Aircraft Corp. 1Sikorsky Aircraft 5Silcotek Corp. 1Silergy Semiconductor Technology (hangzhou) Ltd 1Silergy Semiconductor Technology (hangzhou) 1Silicon Graphics International Corp. 1Silicon Works 1Silk Road Medical 1Silk Wave Sangyo Ltd 1Silony Medical International Ag 1Silvergate Pharmaceuticals 1Simo Holdings 1Simply Diagnostics 1Simx 1Sinopower Semiconductor 1Sinopsys Surgical 1Sintokogio 1Sirna Therapeutics 1Sivantos Pte. 1Size Reduction Specialists Corp. 1Sk Hynix 9Sk-kawanishi 1Skipza 1Skydex Technologies 1Sleep Data Services 1Smart Electronics 1Smart Patents 1Smartdrive Systems 1Smartgene 1Smartpolymer 1Smc 1Smith & Nephew 2Smk 1Smr Patents S.à.r.l. 1Sms Group 1Snaprays 2Snoozeenie 1Snu R&db Foundation 3Socionext 1Soclean 1Socrata 1Sofradim Production 1Soft Medical Aesthetics 1Softkinetic Sensors Nv 3Sogang University Research Foundation 1Soitec 1Sol Boards 1Solar Junction 1Solaredge Technologies 3Solarflare CommunicationsInc 1Solas Science & Engineering 1Solid Ground Cords 2Solid 1Solidus Ventures 1Solpad 1Solufy Information Technologies 1Solvay Sa 1Sometech 1Somfy Sas 1Sonic Ip 1Sonion Nederland B.v. 2Sonos 3Sony 34Sony Interactive Entertainment 6Sony Mobile Communications 2Sony Olympus Medical Solutions 1Sony Semiconductor Solutions 2Sookmyung Women's University Industry Academic Cooperation Foundation 1Soomvi 1South University Of Science And Technology Of China 1Southern Champion TrayL.p. 1Southwest Research Institute 2Southwire 1Space Systems/loral 3Spacelabs Healthcare 1Spb Tv Ag 1Specialized Bicycle Components 1Spectralux 1Sprint Communications  L.p. 3Sps 1Sqeeqee 1Square Panda 1Srf Limited 1St. John's University 1St. Jude Medical International Holding S.à R.l. 2St. Jude Medical International Holding S.a.r.l. 1Stabilock 1Standard Car Truck 1Stanley Electric 5Starfort Des Stubenruss Moritz 1Starry 10Stash Sporting Goods 1Statoil Petroleum As 2Staubli Faverges 1Steelcase 1Step Energy Services 1Stepan 1Stine Seed Farm 1Stmicroelectronics S.r.l 1Stmicroelectronics S.r.l. 2Stmicroelectronics 1Stockstat Lp 1Stofix Oy 1Stoic Ventures 1Storm Pneumatic Tool 1Striiv 1Strike Industries 1Stryker European Holdings I 2Subayu Industrial 2Sucxess 1Suez Groupe 1Suez International 3Sugino Machine Limited 1Sumitomo Chemical Limited 3Sumitomo Electric Hardmetal Corp. 1Sumitomo Electric Industries 9Sumitomo Heavy Industries 1Sumitomo Metal Mining 1Sumitomo Riko  Limited 1Sumitomo Rubber Industries 5Sumitomo Seika Chemicals 1Sumitomo Wiring Systems 5Summit Esp 1Sun Chemical 1Sun Innovations 1Sun Patent Trust 4Sun Same Enterprises 1Suncast Technologies 1Sundance Spas 1Sunoco Partners Marketing & Terminals L.p. 1Sunonwealth Electric Machine Industry 1Sunpower 1Sunset Marine Labs 1Super Atv 1Supercooler Technologies 1Suprapolix B.v. 1Surgiqual Institute 1Suspa 1Suture Concepts 1Suzhou M-conj Biotech 1Suzhou Red Maple Wind Blade Mould 1Suzhou Touchstone International Medical Science 1Suzuki Motor 1Svein Berg Holding As 1Swiss Galoppers 1Swisscom Ag 1Syk Technologies 2Symbotic Canada Ulc 1Symbotic 1Symrise Ag 1Synaptive Medical (barbados) 1Synergy Pharmaceuticals 1Syngenta Participations Ag 1Synrad 1Synthetic Genomics 2Synventive Molding Solutions 1Sysmex 2Sz Dji Technology 1T-mobile Usa 2T.s.d. Desalination Ltd 1Tachi-s 2Tactai 1Tactile Systems Technology 1Tactus Technology 1Taiho Kogyo 2Taipei Medical University 1Taisho Pharmaceutical Ltd 1Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing 15Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing  Limited 2Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing 4Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing 12Taiyo Yuden 3Takata 1Takeda Pharmaceutical  Limited 2Tanaka Kikinzoku Kogyo K.k. 2Tang System 1Tate & Lyle Americas 1Tav Holdings 1Tct Global Limited 1Tdk 4Te Connectivity Nederland B.v. 1Team Industries 1Team Technologies 1Techfields Pharma 2Techkon 1Techniblend 1Technion Research & Development Foundation Limited 1Technion Research & Development Foundation 2Technion Research And Development Foundation 1Technogel Italia S.r.l. 1Teclis 1Tecpharma Licensing Ag 1Tectran Mfg. 1Teijin Limited 1Teijin Pharma Limited 1Tejas Networks Limited 1Teknologian Tutkimuskeskus Vtt Oy 1Tektronix Texas 1Tel Hashomer Medical Research Infrastructure And Services 1Telebrands Corp. 2Teledyne Lecroy 1Teledyne Scientific & Imaging 1Telefonaktiebolaget Lm Ericsso (publ) 1Telefonaktiebolaget Lm Ericsson  (publ) 2Telefonaktiebolaget Lm Ericsson (publ) 12Telekom Malaysia Berhad 1Tempel Steel 1Tencent Technology (shenzhen)  Limited 1Tenor 1Tensha Therapeutics 1Teradyne 1Terumo 1Tervis Tumbler 1Tesa Se 1Tesla Motors 1Tetra Laval Holdings & Finance S.a. 1Teva Medical 1Teva Pharmaceutical Industries 1Teva Pharmaceuticals Europe B.v. 1Tevet Water Technologies 1Texas Instruments Deutschland 1Texas Instruments 8Thales 2Thales Avionics 1Thalmic Labs 2Administrators Of Tulane Educational Fund 1Board Of Regents For Oklahoma State University 1Board Of Regents Of University Of Oklahoma 1Board Of Regents Of University Of Texas System 2Board Of Trustees Of Leland Stanford Junior University 5Board Of Trustees Of University Of Alabama 1Board Of Trustees Of University Of Illinois 1Boeing 30Boots  Plc 1Charles Machine Works 1Charles Stark Draper Laboratory 2Chemours  Fc 2Children's Medical Center 1Cleveland Clinic Foundation 2Climate 1Clorox 1Coca-cola 3Dial 1Florida International University Board Of Trustees 1General Hospital 4Governing Council Of University Of Toronto 2Government Of United States Of AmericaAs Represented By Secretary Of Department Of 1Government Of United States Of AmericaAs Represented By Secretary Of Navy 1Government Of United StatesAs Represented By Secretary Of Army 1Government Of United StatesAs Respresent By Secretary Of Army 1Governors Of University Of Alberta 1J. David Gladstone InstitutesA Testamentary Trust Established Under Will Of J. David Glads 1John Hopkins University 1Johns Hopkins University 2Live Network 1Lubrizol 1Marley-wylain 1Mclean Hospital 1Methodist Hospital 1Mitre 1Music People 1Nielsen  (us) 1Nippon Synthetic Chemical Industry 1Nisshin Oillio Group 1Penn State Research Foundation 2Procter & Gamble 9Pullman 1Raymond 1Regents Of University Of California 17Regents Of University Of ColoradoA Body Corporate 2Regents Of University Of Michigan 3Research Foundation For State University Of New York 4Rockefeller University 2Scott Fetzer  D.b.a. Cleveland Wood Products 1Scripps Research Institute 1Secretary Of State For BusinessInnovation & Skills 1Stevens Institute Of Technology 1Timken 1Trustees Of Columbia University In City Of New York 1Trustees Of Princeton University 2Trustees Of University Of Pennsylvania 5Trustees Of University Of Pennsylvannia 1United States Of America As Represented By Secretary Of Navy 1United States Of AmericaAs Represented By SecretaryDepartment Of Health And Human 1University Of Akron 1University Of Bristol 1University Of British Columbia 2University Of Melbourne 1University Of Tokyo 3University Of Western Australia 1Upper Deck 1Yokohama Rubber 5Theatro Labs 1Thermage 1Thermo Fisher Scientific (bremen) 1Thermo King 1Thin Film Electronics Asa 1Thine Electronics 1Thk 1Thomson Licensing 2Thomson Reuters Global Resources 1Three Bond 1Three Rivers Cardiovascluar Systems 1Threshold Pharmaceuticals 1Thurwachter  &  Kg 1Thyssenkrupp Ag 4Thyssenkrupp Presta Teccenter Ag 1Ti Automotive Technology Center 1Tianjin Sinonocy Biological Technology 1Tianma Micro-electronics 1Ticona 1Tiko 3d 1Time Warner Cable Enterprises 2Titan Machinery 1Tivo 1Tkl Products Corp. 1Tm Ip Holdings 2Tnico Technology Division 1Toccata Gaming International 1Tokitae 3Tokuyama 1Tokyo Electron Limited 6Tokyo Parts Industrial 1Tokyo University Of Science Foundation 1Tomtom Traffic B.v. 1Tongfu Manufacturing 1Toor 1Top Electric Appliances Industrial Limited 1Top Victory Investments 1Topivert Pharma Limited 1Toppan Printing 1Toshiba Materials 1Toshiba Medical Systems 3Toshiba Mitsubishi-electric Industrial Systems 1Toshiba Tec 11Tosoh 1Total Marketing Services 1Total Sa 1Toto 1Tovis 2Tower Semiconductor 1Toyo Engineering 1Toyo Seikan Group Holdings 3Toyobo 1Toyoda Gosei 3Toyota Boshoku 1Toyota Gosei 1Toyota Jidosha 38Toyota Motor Engineering & Manufacturing North America 5Tpk Touch Solutions 1Tq Delta 1Trade Box 1Transderm 1Transdermal Biotechnology 2Trc Services 1Treepodia 1Trend Micro 1Trendsetter Vulcan Offshore 1Tresit Group 1Trevena 1Trimanus Medical 1Trimble Navigation Limited 1Trividia Health 1Truemotion 3Trumpf Werkzeugmaschinen  +  Kg 1Trutek Corp. 1Truth Aesthetics 1Trw Airbag Systems 1Ts Tech 1Tsann Kuen (zhangzhou) Enterprise 1Tsinghua University 6Tss 1Tsubakimoto Chain 2Tufts Medical Center 1Tufts University 1Turn 1Tusker Medical 1Twentieth Century Fox Film 1Twin Dragon Marketing 1Twinstrand Biosciences 1Twitter 1Tyco Electronics Austria 1Tyco Electronics 3Tyco Electronics Japan G.k. 1Tyco Electronics Subsea Communications 2Tyco Fire & Security 1Tyre Recycling Solutions Sa 1U.s.a. As Represented By Administrator Of National Aeronautics And Space Administration 1Uab Research Foundation 1Uacj 1Ube Industries 1Uc Mobile 1Uchicago Argonne 1Ulisse Biomed Srl 1Ulterra Drilling TechnologiesL.p. 1Ultimaker B.v. 1Ultratech 1Ulvac 1Umg Abs 1Umm Al-qura University 1Under Roof Decorating 1Undercover Colors 1Underthesuninserts 1UnilinBvba 1Unison Industries 1Unist(ulsan National Institute Of Science And Technology) 1United Arab Emirates University 1United Microelectronics Corp. 5United Silicon Carbide 2United States Government As Represented By Department Of Veterans Affairs 1United States Gypsum 1United Technologies 19Universal Tissue Technology S.r.l. 1Universidad Autónoma De Madrid 2Universidade Do Porto 1Universidade Federal De Minas Gerais 1Università Della Svizzera Italiana 1Universitätsklinikum Jena 1Universita' Degli Studi Di Roma "la Sapienza" 1Universitat De Valencia 1Universitat PolitÉcnica De Catalunya 1Universite Claude Bernard Lyon 1 1Universite D'auvergne Clermont I 1Universite De Reims Champagne-ardenne 1Universite De Tours Francois Rabelais 1Universite Paris Diderot - Paris 7 1Universiteit Gent 2University College Cardiff Consultants Limited 1University Industry FoundationYonsei University Wonju Campus 1University Of Central Florida Research Foundation 2University Of Connecticut 1University Of Delaware 1University Of Florida Research Foundation 3University Of Georgia Research Foundation 1University Of Kansas 2University Of Kentucky Research Foundation 1University Of MarylandBaltimore 3University Of MarylandCollege Park 1University Of Massachusetts 1University Of Memphis Research Foundation 1University Of North Texas 1University Of Oslo 1University Of Padova 1University Of Pittsburgh - Of Commonwealth System Of Higher Education 3University Of Pittsburgh-of Commonwealth System Of Higher Education 1University Of Rochester 1University Of South Carolina 2University Of South Florida 1University Of Tennessee Research Foundation 2University Of Utah Research Foundation 1University Of Washington 1University-industry Cooperation Group Of Kyung Hee University 2Uop 1Upm-kymmene 1Urthecast Corp. 1Us Synthetic 1Ustem S.r.l 1Ut-battelle 1Vaisala Oyj 1Valencell 1Valeo Embrayages 1Valeo North America 1Valeo Systèmes D'essuyage 3Valeo Systemes De Controle Moteur 1Valeo Systemes Thermiques 1Valeo Vision 1Valinge Innovation Ab 1Valspar Sourcing 1Valtech Cardio 1Vanderbilt University 1Vanderlande Industries B.v. 1Vandor 1Vanguard International Semiconductor 1Vantage Agora 1Varex Imaging 1Varian Medical Systems 1Varian Semiconductor Equipment Associates 1Vasco Data Security 1Vascular Pathways 1Vayyar Imaging 1Vcare Technologies Pvt. 1Vectronix Ag 1Veeva Systems 1Velocity Technology Solutions 1Vencore Labs 1Veniam 3Ventana Medical Systems 2Veolia Water Solutions & Technologies Support 1Verily Life Sciences 2Verint Systems 1Verizon Patent And Licensing 2Veroscience 1Versa Networks 1Vestas Wind Systems A/s 2Vf Imagewear 1Via Technologies 1Viasat 4Victaulic 1Vicus Therapeutics 1Vid Scale 1Vida Therapeutics 1View 1Viiv Healthcare 1Viking Heat Engines As 1Vinnovate Pty Ltd 1Viratherapeutics 1Virdia 1Virginia Commonwealth University 1Virginia Tech Intellectual Properties 1Virsec Systems 1Visiopharm A/s 1Visteon Global Technologies 1Vitro PlusB.v. 1Vive Wear 1Vivint 4Vivotek 1Vmware 4Vodafone Ip Licensing Limited 1Voith Patent 1Volkswagen Ag 2Volmer Enterprises 1Voltrics Ltd 1Voltserver 1Volvo Car 1Volvo Construction Equipment Ab 1Volvo Truck 1Vonage Network 1Vorwerk &  Interholding 1Voxeljet Ag 1Vuereal 1Würth Elektronik Eisos  &  Kg 1W. Kordes Söhne Rosenschulen  &  Kg 2W. L. Gore & Associates 1W. R. Grace & -conn. 2Wabco 1Wacker Chemie Ag 3Wago Verwaltungsgesellschaft Mbh 1Wahoo Fitness 1Wake Forest University 1Wal-mart Stores 14Warsaw OrthopedicInc 2Warsaw Orthopedic 2Wasatch Photonics 1Washington State University 2Washington University 3Water Pik 2Water Research Commission 1Water Rower (uk) Ltd 1Waters Technologies 2Waveform Technologies 1Wavelight 1Waxman Consumer Products Group 1Waymo 2Wayne State University 2Weatherford Technology Holdings 3Weatherford U.k. Limited 1Webasto Se 1Weebly 1Weeks Holdings Pty Ltd 1Welch Allyn 2Welland Medical Limited 1Wellpass 2Wellstat Therapeutics 1Welltec A/s 1Wellysun 1Wernick 1Wespeke 1West View Research 1Westech Aerosol 1Western Michigan University Research Foundation 1Westrock Shared Services 1Wet Design 1What Watch Ag 4Whatsapp 2Whirlpool 3White Cloud SecurityL.l.c. 1Whitebear Innovations 1Whitmore Manufacturing 1Wildmoka 1Wilhelm Rutenbeck  &  Kg 1William Marsh Rice University 1Winbond Electronics Corp. 1Winner Water Services 1Wipotec Wiege- Und Positioniersysteme 1Wipro Limited 10Wireless Future Technologies 1Wirth Research Limited 1Wisconsin Alumni Research Foundation 2Wista Laboratories 1Wistron 3Wistron Neweb Corp. 1Wizr 3Wm & Dg 1Woehner  & Kg Elektrotechnische Systeme 1Wolfram Research 1Woodward Hrt 1Woox Innovations Belgium Nv 1Workshops For Warriors 1Worldpay Limited 1Wowza Media Systems 1Wuhan China Star Optoelectronics Technology L Td. 1Wuhan China Star Optoelectronics Technology 10Wuhan Youfin Autoparts 1X Development 1X-celeprint Limited 1X-technology Swiss 1Xeikon Manufacturing N.v. 1Xerox 3Xiamen Runner Industrial 1Xiamen Tubetech 1Xilloc Medical B.v. 1Xintec 3Xnova Pty. 1Xodus Medical 1Xystus 1Xyztec Bv 1Yahoo! 1Yaizu Suisankagaku Industry 1Yale University 3Yamagen 1Yamaha 2Yancheng Institute Of Technology 1Yantai Shougang Magnetic Materials 1Yazaki 8Yeda Research And Development 1Yeti Coolers 1Yield Engineering Systems 1Ykk 1Yokogawa Electric 1Yokowo 2Yonwoo 1Yorozu 1You Hung International 1Young Lighting Technology 1Yulong Computer Telecommunication Scientific (shenzhen) 4Yunnan Infine Neo-material Ltd 1Zafgen 1Zeno Semiconductor 1Zeon 2Zf Friedrichshafen Ag 6Zhejiang Chilwee Chuangyuan Industry 1Zhejiang Chint Electrics 1Zhejiang Kanglaite Group 2Zhejiang Namei Material Technology 1Zhejiang University 2Zhuhai Advanced Chip Carriers & Electronic Substrate Solutions Technologies 1Zhuhai Seine Technology 1Zimmer 2Zinus 2Ziota Technology 1Zodiac Actuation Systems 1Zoetis Services 2Zoll Medical 1Zonchi Pty Ltd 1Zte 8Zte Usa (tx) 1Zymogenetics 1Zynp International Corp. 1 Directory: ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ














Product — INC Architecture & Design













































Menu








150 Varick St, 5th Floor South
New York, NY, 10013
(212) 673 1695


.


Your Custom Text Here
















Campaign Modern





CAMPAIGN MODERN - THE BEDSIDE CONSOLE





CAMPAIGN MODERN - CUSTOM STRAP HANDLES





CAMPAIGN MODERN - A SURPRISE OF BESPOKE COLOR





CAMPAIGN MODERN - WHITE WASHED QUARTERED OAK, BLACKENED STEEL & BLACK LEATHER





CAMPAIGN MODERN - THE TRESTLE DESK





CAMPAIGN MODERN - QUARTERED ROSEWOOD, BLACKENED STEEL & NATURAL LEATHER





CAMPAIGN MODERN - AN "ALL DRAWER" DESK TOP





CAMPAIGN MODERN - THE TRAY TABLE





CAMPAIGN MODERN - QUARTERED EBONY, BLACKENED STEEL & BLACK LEATHER






Karl the Great Table





KARL THE GREAT - EXTENSION TABLE - FULL EXTENSION





KARL THE GREAT - EXTENSION TABLE - ONE EXTENSION





KARL THE GREAT - EXTENSION TABLE - NO EXTENSION





KARL THE GREAT - EXTENSION TABLE - GRAINING






Lord Bennett Chair




































R&D Chair
Incorporated's R&D Chair was developed for the offices of Snap Fort Greene in conjunction with Design NYC. Built from elements purchased at your local hardware store, this DYI chair is easy to assemble and customizable. Special thanks to Meghan Eplett for her help on the graphics.











R50S Upholstery Series

















































































Silkscreen Storage
With the Silkscreen Storage, Incorporated is exploring simple plywood box shapes with silkscreened with graphics that express the wood grain.











Endless Chair
The Endless chair was developed from the outline of a chair constructed in sheet metal and clad with fabric or felt. Two chair profiles allow for any combination of curves. Because they can be used individually or in groups, they work well for food and beverage establishments. The Endless Chair is currently not in production.





ENDLESS CHAIR - BANQUETTE





ENDLESS CHAIR - CURVE





ENDLESS CHAIR - PLAN





ENDLESS CHAIR - VIEWS





ENDLESS CHAIR - FELT





ENDLESS CHAIR - VIEW IN FELT





ENDLESS CHAIR - CURVE IN FELT





ENDLESS CHAIR - CURVE IN FABRIC





ENDLESS CHAIR - FOOD & BEVERAGE






Tritangle Tables
Incorporated developed a series of modular tables.





Tritangles
These are so cool..











Tritangle Lighting











Glass Cubes





GLASS CUBES - POSSIBLE CONFIGURATIONS





GLASS CUBES - BOOKSHELF CONFIGURATION





GLASS CUBES - COFFEE TABLE CONFIGURATION






Butch Table





BUTCH TABLE





BUTCH TABLE - DISASSEMBLED





BUTCH TABLE





BUTCH TABLE - MATERIAL OPTIONS





BUTCH TABLE





BUTCH TABLE






Ladder Shelving
Ladder shelving is an adjustable shelving system based on the painters ladder that could be used for commercial or residential applications.











Box Slot Lighting
Incorporated's Box Slot Light was developed as a lighting solution for the 9/11 Memorial Exhibition. The exhibitions walls needed to be evenly lit in a clean modern way from the ground. The Box Slot was our translation of this idea into a fixture. It can use LED or T5 fluorescent tubes and comes in black, white or walnut finishes.





BOX SLOT LIGHITING IN WALNUT






Folding Spider Table
This radial table can be folded for storage.











Potluck Light
Incorporated’s Potluck lighting extends the investigation of their “Endless Furniture” propositions which explores systemic ordering and modular relationships, offering infinite possibility for the objects ultimate configuration, color and size. Functionally, the Potluck embraces the modern need for flexibility. The light qualities possible in this system include task lighting, up lighting, under-table foot lighting and bounced lighting. Theoretically, it offers a visual metaphor for an open-ended design process. The consumer by selecting the color and configuration desired can share authorship of the object with the designer in the context of the commercial transaction. One can imagine an endless landscape of Potluck lights in ever changing configurations defined by the consumer. The form of Potluck is borrowed from the simple industrial geometries of the pots, pans and bake forms found in commercial kitchens.
















Zerforated Chair
















Man Ray Award
After many successful collaborations with The Jewish Museum in Manhattan, Incorporated was asked to design the first in a series of Man Ray awards recognizing persons who contribute to the arts. This years winner was Cindy Sherman. Because the award was related to Man Ray, Incorporated used his art as the starting point; specifically his use of perception of form. The concept was to create a shadow of an award that could also be used as a bookend.





















Endless Storage


























Branch Table
A tree grows in Beta. The Incorporated Branch Table explores systems of branching and random order to create a side table of unique design. Mimicking the geometry of a tree, the Branch Table was developed in collaboration with Guy Snover from the Stevens Institute of Technology, the oldest engineering school in the United States. The Branch Table utilizes a computer algorithm to grow one of kind branching objects, each one unique. These unique branch structures are then fabricated in this case using stereolithography 3D printing technologies. Each Branch Table is just one iteration of endless random geometric possibilities.





BRANCH TABLE - DETAILS





BRANCH TABLE 





BRANCH TABLE 





BRANCH TABLE - TOP






Branch Truss











Hex Chair & Ottoman
Incorporated’s Hex Ottoman extends the Hex series into the realm of upholstered goods. The series originated with the Hex table which explores systemic ordering and modular relationships, offering infinite possibility for the table’s ultimate configuration and size. Functionally, the Hex Ottoman embraces the modern need for flexibility. Theoretically, it offers a visual metaphor for the design process – the suggestion of an open-ended repetition that counters the conventional architectural fascination with a teleological development from idea to conception. One can imagine an endless landscape of Hex furnishings in ever changing configurations. On one hand, the form of the Hex Ottoman is indebted to the timeless geometry of nature, a foundation for architectural principles. On the other hand, it enters the historic discourse of American minimalism.





HEX OTTOMAN & CHAIR - LANDSCAPE





HEX OTTOMAN & CHAIR





HEX OTTOMAN & CHAIR - WITH STOOL





HEX OTTOMAN & CHAIR - LANDSCAPE





HEX OTTOMAN & CHAIR - LANDSCAPE CONCEPT






Endless Sofa
Each slab of this sofa zips together to for the Endless Sofa.


























Hex Tables
Incorporated’s Hex Table explores systemic ordering and modular relationship, offering infinite possibility for the table’s ultimate configuration and size. Functionally, the table embraces the modern need for flexibility. Theoretically, it offers a visual metaphor for the design process – the suggestion of an open-ended repetition that counters the conventional architectural fascination with a teleological development from idea to conception. The design also explores the relationship of surface to space; its steel material combines utility and ornament, albeit in a subtle, modernist guise. On one hand, the form of the Hex Table is indebted to the timeless geometry of nature, a foundation for architectural principles. On the other hand, it enters the historic discourse of American minimalism, in which the relationships between parts and the phenomenology of form was paramount.





HEX TABLES - STAINLESS STEEL TOPS





HEX TABLES - STAINLESS STEEL





HEX TABLES - STAINLESS STEEL





HEX TABLES - STAINLESS STEEL





HEX TABLES - STAINLESS STEEL





HEX TABLES - STAINLESS STEEL





HEX TABLES - EXPLORATION IN TRAVERTINE





HEX TABLES - EXPLORATION IN BUTCHER BLOCK





HEX TABLES - EXPLORATION IN OAK





HEX TABLES - GROUP IN PLAN





HEX TABLES - GROUP IN SPACE






Brooklyn Valve





BROOKLYN VALVE - CHROME





BROOKLYN VALVE - THERMOSTATIC VALUE AND HAND SHOWER





BROOKLYN VALVE - HOOK AND TOWEL HOLDER





BROOKLYN VALVE - VALUE IN PEWTER





BROOKLYN VALVE - PRECEDENT






prev / next
Back to Product







9
Campaign Modern




4
Karl the Great Table




6
Lord Bennett Chair




1
R&D Chair




15
R50S Upholstery Series




1
Silkscreen Storage




9
Endless Chair




2
Tritangle Tables




1
Tritangle Lighting




3
Glass Cubes




6
Butch Table




1
Ladder Shelving




1
Box Slot Lighting




1
Folding Spider Table




2
Potluck Light




2
Zerforated Chair




3
Man Ray Award




4
Endless Storage




4
Branch Table




1
Branch Truss




5
Hex Chair & Ottoman




4
Endless Sofa




11
Hex Tables




5
Brooklyn Valve















Summary Block

        This is example content. Double-click here and select a page to feature its content.
        
          Learn more.








Featured














Jun 11, 2012

John Doe


Comment




Jun 11, 2012

John Doe


Comment





Latest Article




Jun 11, 2012

John Doe


Comment




Jun 11, 2012

John Doe


Comment







Jun 11, 2012

John Doe


Comment




Jun 11, 2012

John Doe


Comment



 
 
 
 







































					ERROR MESSAGE
				
















Sponsor Search








                            Sponsor Listing 
                            (choose the sponsor by clicking the name) 














              
            

A | 
                
                B | 
                
                C | 
                
                D | 
                
                E | 
                
                F | 
                
                G | 
                
                H | 
                
                I | 
                
                J | 
                
                K | 
                
                L | 
                
                M | 
                
                N | 
                
                O | 
                
                P | 
                
                Q | 
                
                R | 
                
                S | 
                
                T | 
                
                U | 
                
                V | 
                
                W | 
                
                X | 
                
                Y | 
                
                Z | 
                
                All





18995
C & C Technologies, Inc.



7693
C and C Carriage Mushroom Corporation



13308
C Charles Jackson Foundation



18397
C design Inc.



29966
C-A-T Resources, LLC



20419
C-Change



21913
C-E Minerals, Inc.



23443
C-Pro Direct Ltd



8004
C-Systems, Inc.



7694
C. E. Bauer Company



7695
C. H.  Dexter Company



24632
C. Leveille Consulting LLC



29173
C.E.M.P. Central Inc.



7696
C.I.L., Inc.



25759
C.T. Development Switzerland SARL



22646
C.V. Starr International Scholorship



26312
C1 CarbonOne Technologies, Inc.



26147
C2 Therapeutics



23655
C2C Systems



7188
C3 Greater Wilmington Arts and Cultural Alliance



25380
C3 Jian, Inc. 



23081
C4C Center for Commericalization University of Washington



29762
C5Research (Cleveland Clinic Coordinating Center for Clinical Research)



16857
Cabarrus and South Rowan Metropolitan Planning Organization



14464
Cabarrus Civic Foundation



14897
Cabarrus County



14912
Cabarrus County Board of Education



18166
Cabarrus County Department of Aging



14913
Cabarrus County Department of GIS



18162
Cabarrus County Department of Social Services



17515
Cabarrus County Schools



27970
Cabarrus County Schools Career and Technical Education (CTE) 



14898
Cabarrus County Water and Sewer Authority



17995
Cabarrus Health Alliance



23132
Cabarrus Partnership for Children



29505
Cable Bahamas Cares Foundation (CBCF)



25437
CableLabs



7697
Cabletron Systems



13309
Cabot Corporation Foundation



21338
Cabot Creamery



21339
Cabot Microelectronics Corporation (CMC)



29949
Cache District



24024
CACI Technologies, Inc.



7698
CACI-ISS, Inc.



10912
Cad Share Resources, Inc.



7699
Cadence Design Systems



20893
Cadence Pharmaceuticals, Inc



7700
Cadmus Group



7701
Cadus Pharmaceutical Corporation



29687
CAE, Inc.



28148
Caesars Entertainment Corporation



22547
Caesars Foundation



10913
Cafe Pasta



11765
Cairo University



21947
Caktus Consulting Group, LLC



13310
Cal Ripken Sr Foundation



12471
Cal UCB Institute of Transportation Studies



11766
Calabazas Creek Research



26277
Caladrius Biosciences, Inc.



16345
Calcutta Mathematical Society



12833
Caldwell Community College and Technical Institute



14899
Caldwell County



14900
Caldwell County Department of Social Services



16858
Caldwell County Finance Department



14901
Caldwell County GIS and Mapping Department



14902
Caldwell County Group Homes



16004
Caldwell County Partnership for Children



17516
Caldwell County Schools



16859
Caldwell County Talent Search



20698
Caldwell Green Commission



16860
Caldwell Memorial Hospital



7702
Caldwell Residential Services, Inc.



7703
Calera



18838
CALFED Bay-Delta Program



10914
Calgene, Inc.



7704
Calgon Corporation



7705
Calgon Vestal Laboratories



16861
Calhoun Smith Smith and Smith



7706
Caliber Associates, Inc.



26044
Calibra Medical, Inc.



6630
California Academy of Sciences



17114
California Air Resources Board



7707
California Biotechnology Inc.



19996
California Breast Cancer Research Program (CBCRP)



24409
California Cloth Foundry



6631
California Dairy Council



13311
California Dairy Research Foundation



17115
California Department of Conservation



17116
California Department of Corporations



17117
California Department of Fish and Wildlife



17118
California Department of Food and Agriculture



17119
California Department of Parks and Recreation



27612
California Department of Public Health (CDPH)



17120
California Department of Transportation



18837
California Department of Water Resources (DWR)



27183
California Dried Plum Board



27238
California Dried Plums



6632
California Egg Commission



17121
California Energy Commission



13312
California HealthCare Foundation



7708
California Innovations



24074
California Institute for Biomedical Research (Calibr)



21341
California Institute for Energy and Environment (CIEE)



19997
California Institute for Regenerative Medicine (CIRM)



11767
California Institute of Technology (CalTech)



14709
California Local Governments



6633
California Lyme Disease Association (CALDA)



7709
California Metal-X, Inc.



11768
California Pacific Medical Center Research Institute



16346
California Pepper Research Commission



11770
California Polytechnic State University San Luis Obispo



6634
California Poultry Federation (CPF)



13313
California Public Health Foundation



6635
California Raisin Marketing Board



17122
California Sea Grant



17123
California Space Grant Consortium



6636
California State Beekeepers Association



17113
California State Government



17124
California State Library



11769
California State University (CSU)



13314
California State University (CSU) Foundation



11774
California State University - Long Beach



11776
California State University - Monterey Bay



29783
California State University - Northridge (CSUN)



21831
California State University Channel Islands (CSUCI)



11772
California State University Fresno



22327
California State University Fullerton (CSUF)



22126
California State University Los Angeles



28883
California State University Stanislaus



16347
California Strawberry Commission



16348
California Table Grape Commission



21340
California Walnut Commission



27915
Calimmune, Inc.



7711
Caliper Corporation



26564
Call9



7712
Callery Chemical Company



19353
Calor Energy Consulting, LLC



21089
CalRAM, Inc.



7713
Calspan Corporation



27759
CALSTART, Inc.



16349
Calvary Chapel Southeast Youth Camp



27829
Calvary Episcopal Church



17517
Calvert County Public Schools



21232
Calvert Labs



16862
Calvert Memorial Hospital



11785
Calvin College



13316
Calvin K Kazanjian Economics Foundation



7714
Calypso Medical Technologies, Inc.



22012
Cam Newton Foundation (CNF)



13317
Camargo Foundation



23537
Cambia Health Foundation 



22820
Cambrex Charles City, Inc



7715
Cambridge Academic Group, Inc.



11786
Cambridge Academy



19944
Cambridge Biolabs (CBL)



7716
Cambridge Brass



15496
Cambridge Center for Behavioral Studies



18996
Cambridge Display Technology (CDT)



19611
Cambridge Health Alliance



20684
Cambridge Intelligent Systems



7717
Cambridge Isotope Laboratory



26405
Cambridge Leadership Associates (CLA)



7718
Cambridge Naremco



7719
Cambridge Neuroscience



7720
Cambridge Products, Inc.



7721
Cambridge Systematics, Inc.



7722
Cambridge Theranostics



11787
Cambridge University Smuts Memorial Fund



19801
CAMC Health Education and Research Institute



13318
CAMDAT Foundation



14903
Camden County



14904
Camden County Schools



18210
Camden Square Associates of NC LLC



17518
Cameron  Park Elementary School



20011
Cameron Health, Inc.



7723
Cameron M. Harris and Company



29336
Cameron Village Regional Library



7724
Cameronco, Inc.



13319
Camille and Henry Dreyfus Foundation



15497
Camp Dixie



7725
Camp Dresser McKee (CDM)



16350
Campaign for Concrete Change



24822
Campbell Alliance



26619
Campbell Consulting



11788
Campbell Family Institute Cancer Research Institute



18511
Campbell Scientific, Inc. 



7726
Campbell Soup Company



13320
Campbell Soup Foundation



11789
Campbell Soup Institute for Health and Fitness



11790
Campbell University



15498
Campus Compact



15499
Campus Connect



19756
Campus Cyberinfrastructure (CI) Days at UNC-CH



17653
Campus EAI Consortium



24175
Campus Election Engagement Project (CEEP)



16005
Campus Harvest



18831
Campus Kitchens Project



18832
Campus Kitchens Project at East Carolina University



29719
Campuspeak, INC



26271
Camras Vision



21090
Canada Border Services Agency



6637
Canadian Association of Medical Oncologists



26158
Canadian Association of Schools of Nursing (CASN)



6638
Canadian Athletic Therapists Association (CATA)



24757
Canadian Bio-Systems, Inc.



16351
Canadian Center for Architecture 



16352
Canadian Centre for Addiction and Mental Health (CAMH)



16353
Canadian Consulate General



13321
Canadian Cystic Fibrosis Foundation



16354
Canadian Embassy



16355
Canadian Forest Service



15500
Canadian Harvest USA



13322
Canadian Heart Foundation



7727
Canadian Industrial Consortium, Inc.



11791
Canadian Institute for Advanced Research



22561
Canadian Institute for Theoretical Astrophysics (CITA)



16356
Canadian Institutes of Health Research (CIHR)



20632
Canadian Local Government



6639
Canadian Lung Association



11792
Canadian Medical Research Council



24628
Canadian Nuclear Safety Commission



17724
Canadian Public Health Association (CPHA)



17725
Canadian Society for Mucopolysaccharide and Related Diseases Inc.



16357
Canadian Space Agency



11793
Canadian Spinal Research Organization



16358
Canadian Studies Grant Programs



29115
Canandaigua Veteran Affairs Medical Center



27899
Canary Health



13323
Cancer and Leukemia Group B (CALGB) Foundation



29122
Cancer Care Ontario (CCO)



17412
Cancer Prevention and Control Branch North Carolina Cancer Control Program



25940
Cancer Prevention and Research Institute of Texas



13324
Cancer Research and Prevention Foundation



13325
Cancer Research Foundation of America



13326
Cancer Research Institute



29541
Cancer Research UK



16006
Cancer Services of Gaston County



24141
Cancer Support Community



13327
Cancer Treatment Research Foundation



27955
CancerCare Manitoba



26772
CancerLinQ LLC



7728
CancerVax Corporation



22611
CanDiag Inc.



13328
Candle Foundation



25845
Canfield Scientific, Inc.



13329
Cannon Foundation



16359
Cannon Memorial Hospital



7729
Canon Global



16360
Canon National Parks Science Scholars Program



29068
CanTeen



26365
Cantor Colburn LLP



13330
CaP CURE: Association for the Cure of Cancer of the Prostate



7730
Cape Cod Research, Inc.



25413
Cape Fear Audubon Society



18006
Cape Fear Coalition for a Drug-Free Tomorrow



12834
Cape Fear Community College



14465
Cape Fear Community Foundation



24953
Cape Fear Council of Government



7163
Cape Fear Garden Club



14466
Cape Fear Memorial Foundation



16863
Cape Fear Memorial Hospital



20230
Cape Fear Museum of History and Science 



14906
Cape Fear Public Utility Authority



14907
Cape Fear Public Utility Authority Northside



14908
Cape Fear Public Utility Authority Southside



14909
Cape Fear Public Utility Authority Walnut Hills



14910
Cape Fear Public Utility Transportation Authority



14905
Cape Fear Region



22484
Cape Fear Regional Bureau For Community Action, Inc. 



16007
Cape Fear Resource Conservation and Development



7164
Cape Fear River Assembly (CFRA)



14467
Cape Fear Valley Health Foundation



16864
Cape Fear Valley Health System



17922
Cape Fear Valley Medical Center



14468
Cape Fear Youth Development Vision



7166
Cape Hatteras Water Association



7731
Cape Simulations



24856
Capio Biosciences, Inc.



21317
Capita Foundation



16008
Capital Area Soccer League



17315
Capital Area Workforce Development Board of Wake and Johnston Counties



7732
Capital Consulting Corporation (CCC)



16361
Capital Health



28705
Capital Markets Partnership (CMP)



28350
Capital Medical University (CCMU)



26904
Capitol Broadcasting Company Inc



28648
Caplan Foundation for Early Childhood



7733
CapMed



24364
Capralogics, Inc.



23944
Capstone Health Alliance



18845
Captain Neill's Seafood, Inc.



13331
Captain Planet Foundation



28142
CapTech Consulting



7734
Capture Pharmaceuticals



19424
Cara Cairns Design



29918
Cara Therapeutics



7735
Caradyne Limited



14911
Carbarrus County



7736
Carbofil International



7737
Carboloy, Inc.



25031
Carbon Conversion Systems



21353
Carbon Storm, Inc.



24520
Carbon, Inc.



28811
Carbon3D, Inc.



18847
Carden Jennings Publishing Co., Ltd.



26249
CARDIA Coordinating Center



29761
Cardiac Dimensions, Inc.



7738
Cardiac Pacemakers Inc.



23770
CardiacAssist, Inc



23319
Cardiff University



23320
Cardinal Health Foundation



25547
Cardinal Health Solutions, LLC



29892
Cardinal Health, Inc.



7739
Cardinal Industries



16362
Cardinal Innovations Healthcare Solutions



16363
Cardinal Mental Health Center Group



29060
Cardio Innovate, LLC



25284
CardioEphEx, LLC



18852
CardioMEMS, Inc.



7740
CardioMetabolics, Inc



18997
CardioNet, Inc.



19011
Cardiopulmonary Research Science and Technology Institute (CRSTI) 



22186
Cardiorentis Ltd



13332
Cardiovascular and Interventional Radiology Research and Education Foundation (CIRREF)



28056
Cardiovascular and Pulmonary Section Human Performance Endowment Fund



7741
Cardiovascular Clinical Studies



10915
CardioVascular Resonances



23257
Cardiovascular Systems Inc



26771
Cardioxyl Pharmaceuticals, Inc.



7742
Cardiva Medical, Inc.



25423
Cardno Inc



15501
CARE International



7743
Care Works, Inc.



29732
CareCall, Inc



27015
CareFusion 2200, Inc.



21091
CareFusion Corporation



23432
CareFusion Foundation



7744
Caremark, Inc.



22097
CAREnergy LLC



29430
CarePaths



20597
Carestream Health, Inc.



26769
Carevive Systems, Inc.



7745
Cargill Dow, LLC



7747
Cargill, Inc.



7748
CargoLifter, Inc.



24055
Carhartt, Inc.



20666
Caribbean Coalition of National AIDS Programme Coordinators (CCNAPC)



25047
Caribbean Conservation Corporation (CCC)



11794
Caribbean Coral Reef Institute



20478
Caribbean HIV/AIDS Reginal Training Network (CHART)



23276
Caribbean Wind LLC



19763
Carilion Medical Center



22999
Carillon Assisted Living, Inc.



24361
Caring for Carcinoid Foundation (CFCF)



16009
Caring for Children



22533
CariScan Pro and Diagnodent



13333
Caritas Fund



7167
Carl Chavis Memorial Branch YMCA 



27971
Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act



11795
Carl M Williams Institute for Ethics and Values



21272
Carl Pieper



20364
Carl Zeiss Industrial Metrology, LLC



27181
Carl Zeiss Meditec, Inc.



24502
Carle Foundation Hospital



11796
Carleton College



20860
Carleton College Science Education Resource Center



24284
Carleton University



7749
Carley Capital Group



25992
Carlos Garcia Quijano



13334
Carlsberg Foundation



7750
Carmel Land Company



19506
Carmel Pharma Inc



21021
CarMike Consulting



7751
Carnegie Corporation of New York



13336
Carnegie Foundation



15502
Carnegie Institution of Washington



19411
Carnegie Learning, Inc.



11797
Carnegie Mellon University (CMU)



22550
Carnegie Melon University Robotics Institute



15503
Carnegie Museum of Natural History



25419
Carnival Corporation 



25420
Carnival Foundation



26426
Carnival Maritime GmbH



16364
Carol Morris



16365
Carol Woods Health Care Center



16010
Carol Woods Retirement Community



10916
Caroliance



25055
Carolin Hidalgo



25531
Carolina All Stars Field Hockey Club (CASFH)



27005
Carolina AquaGyn



10917
Carolina Ballet, Inc.



16011
Carolina Bird Club



7169
Carolina Brick Association



29234
Carolina Bronze Sculpture, Inc.



10918
Carolina Builders Corporation



10919
Carolina By-Products Company



10920
Carolina Capital Leasing



24429
Carolina Cellulosic BioFuels 



29199
Carolina Center for Public Services (CCPS)



16865
Carolina Civic Center



19458
Carolina Climbers Coalition



27236
Carolina Coast Choral Festival 



12774
Carolina Community Network (CCN)



18199
Carolina Compounding Inc



19341
Carolina Computer Center



28509
Carolina Dispute Settlement Services (CDSS)



17316
Carolina Donor Services



27448
Carolina East Physicians



27345
Carolina Ecosystems Inc.



16012
Carolina Electric Vehicle (EV) Coalition



10921
Carolina Engine Company



16866
Carolina Evaluation Research Center



19127
Carolina Extruded Plastics, Inc.



23931
Carolina Family Practice and Sports Medicine



28844
Carolina Family Therapy Center, PA



10922
Carolina Farm Credit



7170
Carolina Farm Stewardship Association



21061
Carolina Feed Industry Association (CFIA)



7171
Carolina Fellowship of Christian Puppeteers (CFCP)



22912
Carolina Fish Feeds



10923
Carolina Fluid Components, Inc.



18236
Carolina Foods Inc



22753
Carolina for Kibera (CFK)



25812
Carolina Form and Scaffold Supply



24566
Carolina Friends School



10924
Carolina Glass and Mirror



29376
Carolina Headache Foundation



24903
Carolina Headache Institute



14469
Carolina Healthcare Foundation



26175
Carolina Hurricanes Hockey Club



19047
Carolina Hurricanes Kids 'N Community Foundation



24305
Carolina Innovative Food Ingredients, Inc. (CIFI)



14470
Carolina Kenaf Farmers Foundation



16868
Carolina Land and Lakes RC and D



16013
Carolina Legal Assistance



18643
Carolina Mariculture Company



10926
Carolina Medical Products Company



10927
Carolina Medicorp, Inc.



18278
Carolina Mills, Inc



10928
Carolina Narrow Fabrics



28699
Carolina Neurology Associates



19337
Carolina Neurosurgery and Spine Associates



7752
Carolina Nurseries, Inc.



23173
Carolina Outreach, LLC



10929
Carolina Panthers



25747
Carolina Performance Fabric S.A de C.V.



6640
Carolina Photonics Consortium



10930
Carolina Pinnacle Studios



10931
Carolina Plastics, Inc.



11464
Carolina Power and Light



16869
Carolina Primary Prevention Conference



11800
Carolina Raptor Center



18763
Carolina Research Group



27795
Carolina Sales Co. Inc.



10932
Carolina Satellite Company



10933
Carolina Solar Energy



23511
Carolina Stalite Company



17944
Carolina Steel



10934
Carolina Telephone and Telegraph Company



28891
Carolina Therapy Connection, PC.



18347
Carolina Tractor 



7753
Carolina Turkey



14471
Carolina Village Foundation



10935
Carolina West Wireless



27449
Carolina Women's Physicians 



19114
Carolina-Shaw Comprehensive NCMHD Research Center (Project EXPORT)



27256
CarolinaEast Health System



27257
CarolinaEast Medical Center



29883
CarolinaEast Radiology



10936
Carolinas AGC, Inc.



18177
Carolinas Association of Collegiate Registrars and Admissions Officers



27235
Carolinas Association of Neonatal Nurse Practitioners (CANNP)



18119
Carolinas CARE Partnership



16870
Carolinas Center for Hospice and End of Life Care



16871
Carolinas Center for Injury Prevention and Control



12775
Carolinas Center for Medical Excellence



7172
Carolinas District of Kiwanis



7294
Carolinas Food Industry Council (CFIC)



16872
Carolinas Gateway Partnership



7176
Carolinas Golf Association



6735
Carolinas Golf Course Superintendents Association (CGCSA)



14472
Carolinas Golf Foundation



14473
Carolinas HealthCare Foundation



10925
Carolinas HealthCare System



28917
Carolinas Healthcare System Anson



29553
Carolinas HealthCare system Outcomes Research



16366
Carolinas Hospital System



19318
Carolinas Institute for Community Policing (CICP)



16014
Carolinas Land Conservation Network



16874
Carolinas Medical Center (CMC)



16875
Carolinas Partnership



7177
Carolinas Ready Mixed Concrete Association (CRMCA)



10937
Carolinian Systems Research Corporation



7755
Carollo Engineers



20714
CaroMont Health



10938
Carowinds Theme Park



7756
Carpco Steel, Inc.



18394
Carpenter Company



24301
Carpet America Recovery Effort (CARE)



19394
Carrasco, Luis



20106
Carrboro Farmers' Market



20298
Carrick Institute for Graduate Studies



28636
Carrier Corporation 



10939
Carriff Corporation, Inc.



29091
CARsgen Therapeutics, Ltd.



18262
Carter and Associates



26243
Carter Community Charter School, Inc.



20868
Carter Consulting, Inc



19278
Carter G. Woodson School of Challenge



26815
Carter, DeLuca, Farrell and Schmidt, LLP



7757
Carter-Weber, Inc.



19915
Carteret Children's Clinic, P.A.



12835
Carteret Community College



14914
Carteret County



16015
Carteret County Economic Development Council



16876
Carteret County General Hospital Corporation



27176
Carteret County Health Department



23045
Carteret County Parks and Recreation



17519
Carteret County Schools



16877
Carteret General Hospital



20019
Carticept Medical, Inc.



7758
Carus Chemical Company



17520
Carver High School



11802
Cary Institute of Ecosystem Studies



7759
CAS, Inc.



18087
Casa Guadalupe in Greensboro



11803
Casa Montessori



18250
Cascade Design Automation



22080
Cascade Designs, Inc.



27555
Cascadian Therapeutics



11804
Case Western Reserve University



29112
Casebia Therapeutics



15504
Casey Family Program



27069
Casey Kennedy



10940
Cashiers Resort Community, LLC



25680
Casimir Jones, S.C.



16367
Casino Reinvestment Development Authority (CRDA)



28400
Casper Science, LLC.



25432
CAST, Inc.



7760
Castle and Cooke, Inc



28932
Castle Biosciences Incorporated



28214
Castle Creek Pharmaceuticals LLC



10941
Castle Hayne Fisheries, Inc.



23560
Castle Worldwide, Inc.



17396
Caswell Center



14915
Caswell County



20003
Caswell County Health Department



19626
Caswell County Partnership for Children (CCPFC)



21794
Caswell County Schools



26074
Catabasis Pharmaceuticals, Inc.



21513
Catalan Institute of Oncology



27164
Catalyst Biosciences



20667
Catalyst Consulting Services, LLC



7761
Catalyst Pharmaceutical Research



7762
Catalytic Generators, Inc.



7763
Catalytic, Inc.



8163
Catalytica Pharmaceuticals



23301
Catalyze. Inc.



24722
Catapult Films Fund



18187
Catawba Charlab, Inc



28697
Catawba College.



14916
Catawba County



14917
Catawba County Department of Social Services



21332
Catawba County Department of Utilities and Engineering



21088
Catawba County Economic Development Corporation 



18008
Catawba County Health Partners



14918
Catawba County Mental Health Services



14919
Catawba County Public Health Department



18496
Catawba County Schools



16878
Catawba Indian Nation



16016
Catawba Lands Conservancy



16879
Catawba Memorial Hospital



19925
Catawba River District



12836
Catawba Valley Community College



18168
Catawba Valley Scottish Society



21342
Catawba-Wateree Water Management Group



21343
Catchlight Energy, LLC



7764
Caterpillar, Inc.



16368
Catherine H Aldridge



16369
Catherine H West



18633
Catherine Kennedy Home Foundation



26983
Catherine's House



29291
Catheter Precision, Inc.



21941
Catholic Charities of the Diocese of Raleigh, Inc.



18063
Catholic Social Services (CSS) Diocese of Charlotte



20651
Cathy Cole Training, Inc.



24662
Cathy Park



10942
Cato Research



20020
Cato Software Solutions GmbH



13337
Catto Charitable Foundation



22866
Cavalier King Charles Spaniel U.S.A. Health Foundation, Inc.



10943
Cavanaugh and Associates



19867
Cavanaugh, Christie



22671
Cave Research Foundation 



29073
Cavion



7765
CB Richard Ellis



23028
CBS Corporation and CBS Broadcasting Inc.



19562
CBS Department of Intercultural Communication and Management (ICM)



23027
CBS EcoMedia Inc.



27966
CBT Pharmaceuticals, Inc.



14474
CCB Foundation



7766
CCL Biomedical, Inc.



28349
CCMU Beijing Obstetrics and Gynecology Hospital



20353
CCT Area Wide Network



14475
CD Spangler Foundation



5312
CDC Coordinating Center for Health Information and Service



5314
CDC Coordinating Center for Health Promotion



5317
CDC Coordinating Center for Infectious Disease



13338
CDC Foundation



26713
CDC Preconception Health and Health Care (PCHHC)



19819
CDI Research LLC



7767
CDM Lamine, Inc.



22670
CDM Smith



15505
CDS International



23694
CDx Diagnostics



26592
CDx Diagnostics Inc.



20345
Ceasars Hospitality Research Center



18382
CEAST SpA



18383
CEAST USA Inc.



29268
CEC Division for Early Childhood (DEC)



7768
Cedar Chemical Corporation



7769
Cedar Fresh



19895
Cedar Grove Institute for Sustainable Communities 



27701
Cedarlane Corporation



15506
Cedars Sinai Medical Center



24094
CEDEP: Centre For The Development Of People



20022
Cefic - The Long-range Research Initiative (LRI)



7770
Cekal Specialties



7783
CEL-SCI Corporation



18277
Celanese Acetate



18299
Celanese Advanced Materials Inc



7771
Celanese Corporation



17740
Celator Pharmaceuticals, Inc



7772
Celgard



7773
Celgene Corporation



6641
Celiac Sprue Association



7775
Cell Genesys



26072
Cell Medica Limited



20284
Cell Microsystems, Inc.



7776
Cell Technology



7777
Cell Therapeutics, Inc.



29463
CellAegis Devices, Inc.



21344
Cellerant Therapeutics, Inc.



7778
Celleration, Inc.



7779
CellFor



25133
CellNetix Pathology & Laboratories, LLC



25082
Cellphire, Inc.



7780
CellPro, Inc.



21337
Cellresin Technologies LLC



7781
Celltech



25958
Celltrion, Inc.



28300
Cellular Research, Inc. dba BD Genomics



23175
Cellular Research, LLC



7782
Cellulose Solutions



24969
Cellulost Concepts, LLC



10944
Cellz Direct, Inc.



24579
Celsus Therapeutics Plc



7784
Celtrix Pharmaceuticals, Inc.



18200
CEM Corporation



19722
Cem-102 Pharmaceuticals, Inc



14476
Cemala Foundation



7785
Cempra Pharmaceuticals, Inc.



28624
Cengage Learning



25096
CENIC



28375
Cenova Capital



7786
Centaur Technologies



10213
Centel Corporation



8002
Centeon



20763
Center for Adolescent Health and the Law



12579
Center for Advanced Feminist Studies



26027
Center for Advanced Power Engineering Research (CAPER)



20650
Center for Advanced Studies (CAS), Cambodia



6642
Center for Advancing Health (CFAH)



15507
Center for Agricultural Partnerships (CAP)



15508
Center for American Indian Health



19812
Center for American Progress



15509
Center for Applied Linguistics (CAL)



7787
Center for Applied Research Inc.



23304
Center for Applied Special Technology (CAST)



25561
Center for Art and Thought



26012
Center for Behavioral and Experimental Agri-Environmental Research (CBEAR)



6929
Center for Best Practices



16017
Center for Childrens Healthcare Improvement



19321
Center for Chinese Studies (CCS)



15510
Center for Civic Education



15511
Center for Climate Strategies (CCS)



16018
Center for Community Action (CCA)



15512
Center for Contemplative Mind in Society



27141
Center for Court Innovation



12975
Center for Craft Creativity and Design (CCCD)



12776
Center for Creative Leadership



19006
Center for Dark Energy Biosphere Investigations (C-DEBI)



16019
Center for Death Penalty Litigation



13060
Center for Design Innovation (CDI)



22020
Center for Dielectrics and Piezoelectrics (CDP)



6643
Center for Discovery (CFD)



20296
Center for Economic Progress (CEP)



21540
Center for Education and Research in Safety (CERS)



16020
Center for Education Imagination and the Natural World



21491
Center for Efficient, Scalable and Reliable Computing (CESR)



20892
Center for Emotional and Social Health (CESH)



18157
Center for Environmental Design Research (CEDR)



20727
Center for Environmental Farming Systems (CEFS)



17790
Center for Environmental Health



15513
Center for Environmental Health Studies



22854
Center for Environmentally Sustainable Textile and Apparel Businsess (CESTAB)



20685
Center for Excellnce in Assisted Living (CEAL)



26830
Center for Eye Research Australia



15514
Center for Financial Services Innovation (CFSI)



20164
Center for Foodborne Illness Research and Prevention (CFI)



12977
Center for Gastrointestinal Biology and Disease (CGIBD)



11805
Center for Global Partnership



13339
Center for Health Care Strategies (CHCS)



6644
Center for Health Improvement (CHI)



29562
Center for Heirs' Property Preservation



15515
Center for Housing Policy



6645
Center for Indoor Air Quality



11806
Center for Indoor Air Research



5471
Center for Integrated Nanotechnologies (CINT)



18965
Center for Integration of Medicine and Innovative Technology  (CIMIT)



24522
Center for International Blood and Marrow Transplant Research (CIBMTR)



20544
Center for International Climate and Environmental Research - Oslo (CICERO)



27866
Center for International Environmental Law (CIEL



19761
Center for International Forestry Research (CIFOR)



22698
Center for International Understanding Council



13340
Center for Invasive Plant Management



29439
Center for Large Data Research and Data Sharing in Rehabilitation (CLDR)



29148
Center for Mindful Self-Compassion



18846
Center for Music Therapy, Inc.



15516
Center for Naval Analyses (CAN)



7788
Center for Nutrition and Preventive Medicine



25788
Center for Personalized Education for Physicians (CPEP)



15517
Center for Plant Conservation (CPC)



24443
Center for Policy Research



23102
Center for Problem-Oriented Policing



11807
Center for Psychology and Education



23943
Center for Public Health Quality (CPHQ)



16370
Center for Rehabilitation and Development



22395
Center for Research and Analysis of VAscular Tumors (CRAVAT)



20688
Center for Research and Interventions in Health



28757
Center for Research in Agricultural Genomics (CRAG)



21488
Center for Research in Emotional and Social Health, Inc 



15518
Center for Research in Mental Retardation and Human Development



29179
Center for Research on Learning



22277
Center for Research, Training and Development of Health Human Resources (Ceretad-Health)



12777
Center for Responsible Lending



26129
Center for Rural Health Innovation (CRHI)



20636
Center for Scientific Research and Higher Education at Ensenada (CICESE)



15520
Center for State and Local Government Excellence



22900
Center for Supportive Schools, Inc. (CSS)



25007
Center for Sustainable Energy



16021
Center for the Advancement of Community Based Public Health



21151
Center for the Advancement of Science in Space, Inc.



15521
Center for the Child Care Workforce (CCW)



15522
Center for the History of Collecting in America



15523
Center for the Study of Social Policy (CSSP)



22610
Center for Watershed Protection, Inc.



10945
Center Line Productions



17842
Center of Minority Research in Special Education (COMRISE)



16371
Center of Theological Inquiry



27743
Center on Health Services Training and Research (CoHSTAR)



28449
Center Point Clinical Services, LLC



11808
Center to Protect Workers Rights



26726
Centeral Reserve Bank of Peru



29773
Centerline Biomedical



7178
CenterPoint Human Services



5311
Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC)



11809
Centers for Interamerican Studies (CEDEI)



5321
Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS)



18344
Centex Homes



22748
Central Adelaide Local Health Network, Inc 



20255
Central American Solidarity Association of Maryland (CASA)



21275
Central Appalachian Regional Education and Research Center (CARERC)



16880
Central Baptist Church



17521
Central Cabarrus High School



10946
Central Carolina Bank



14477
Central Carolina Bank Foundation



28146
Central Carolina Black Nurses Council, Inc. (CCBNC)



12837
Central Carolina Community College



14478
Central Carolina Community College Foundation



25023
Central Carolina Health Network (CCHN)



16881
Central Carolina Hospital



24932
Central Carolina Regional Education Service Alliance (CCRESA)



16882
Central Carolinas Citizens Forum



28532
Central China Normal University (Huazhong Normal University)



24274
Central European University Institute for Advanced Study (CEU IAS)



20915
Central Garden and Pet (formerly Central Life Sciences)



23208
Central Hospital of Yaoundé



20272
Central Institute for Experimental Animals (CIEA)



5819
Central Intelligence Agency (CIA)



11810
Central Metallurgical Research and Development Institute



18062
Central Michigan University



19192
Central Mindanao University



16883
Central Park Concept



20726
Central Park NC



12778
Central Park School for Children



19241
Central Philippine University



12838
Central Piedmont Community College



16884
Central Piedmont Regional Artists Hub



23389
Central Power Research Insitute (CPRI)



19191
Central Queensland University



6646
Central Regional Air Planning Association (CENRAP)



14920
Central Regional Hospital



7791
Central Soya Company, Inc.



11811
Central State University



29759
Central Statistical Office



16022
Centralina Area Agency on Aging



19299
Centralina Clean Fuels Coalition (CCFC)



16023
Centralina Council of Governments



27952
Centre d'Economie de la Sorbonne



16372
Centre for Addiction and Mental Health



23659
Centre for Agricultural Research and Development



15524
Centre for Development and Population Activities (CEDPA)



16373
Centre for Environment, Fisheries and Aquaculture Science (CEFAS)



17954
Centre for European Economic Research (ZEW)



20081
Centre for Infectious Disease Research in Zambia (CIDRZ)



15525
Centre for Minimal Access Surgery (CMAS)



11812
Centre for Research in Family Health



29411
Centre for Social Development in Africa (CSDA)



27482
Centre for Strategic Infocomm Technologies



21981
Centre for the AIDS Programme of Research in South Africa (CAPRISA)



26058
Centre Hospitalier Universitaire Sainte-Justine



23600
Centre Hospitalier Universitaire Vaudois (CHUV) 



19657
Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique (National Center for Scientific Research) (CNRS)



28057
Centrexion Therapeutics Corporation



28217
Centrical Global Limited



25337
Centro de Estudios de Estado y Sociedad



20638
Centro de Estudios de Polacion y Desarrollo Social (CEPAR)



20635
Centro de Estudios Sociales y Demograficos (CESDEM)



19008
Centro de Geologia



28480
CENTRO DE INVESTIGACAO OPERACIONAL DE BEIRA (CIOB)



23672
Centro De Promoción Y Solidaridad Humana (CEPROSH)



11813
Centro Internacional de Entrenamiento de Investigaciones



16374
Centro Internacional de Entrenamiento e Investi



18018
Centro La Communidad



20637
Centro Paraguayo de Estudios de Población (CEPEP)



7792
Centro Sviluppo Materiali



11814
Centro Universitario de Prevencion de Disastres Regionales



7793
Centrotherm Photovoltaics



11477
Centura Bank



13341
Century Foundation



10947
Century Furniture



10948
Century/von Oesen



7794
Cephalon



22464
Cepheid



21596
Cerahelix, Inc.



7795
Ceramatec, Inc.



18038
CeramTec North America



25222
CeraTech USA, Inc.



25766
Cerbios-Pharma SA



24078
Cerebral Palsy Alliance



13342
Cerebral Palsy Foundation



7796
Cerebrus Solution Limited



7797
Ceres, Inc.



23606
CERN Foundation - Collaborative Ependymoma Research Network



7798
Certus International, Inc.



23141
Cerulean Pharma, Inc.



7799
Cerus Corporation



24096
Cervical Cancer Free Coalition



27205
Cesca Therapeutics, Inc.



7800
CEVA Animal Health



25699
CEVA Biomune



25738
CEVA Sante Animale S.A.



28625
CFA Institute



7801
CFD Research Corporation



24102
CFS Clinical



27873
CGH Technologies, Inc.



24356
CGIAR Fund



7802
CH2M Hill, Inc.



7804
CHA Research



7803
CHA Technologies, Inc.



20819
Chagrin River Watershed Partners, Inc. 



6647
Chamber Music America (CMA)



28448
Chamber Orchestra of the Triangle



22711
Champalimaud Foundation



7805
Champion Athleticwear



7806
Champion International Corporation



17913
Champion Products, Inc.



28754
Champion Sports



7807
Champion Technologies



7808
Champion, Kiel and McLendon



19242
Champlain College



23723
Chancellor Masters and Scholars of the University of Oxford



26309
Chandler Chicco Agency



29723
Chandler-Grant Glaucoma Society, Inc.



24712
Changchang Wu



22427
ChangeLab Solutions



26704
Changshu Baofeng Special Fiber Co., Ltd



16375
Channel 7 Telethon



28202
ChannelAdvisor 



21966
ChanTest Corporation



21346
Chantilly Montessori School



23200
Chapel Hill - Carboro Meals on Wheels



14479
Chapel Hill Bone Diagnostic and Research Foundation



28408
Chapel Hill Downtown Partnership



17523
Chapel Hill High School



16376
Chapel Hill Residential Retirement Center



7179
Chapel Hill Service League



25943
Chapel Hill Tech



16024
Chapel Hill Training Outreach Project (CHTOP)



23503
Chapel Hill Tubal Reversal Center



17522
Chapel Hill-Carrboro City Schools



23867
Chapin Hall at the University of Chicago 



21835
Chapman Innovations



7809
Chapman Manufacturing Company



27834
Chapman University



17841
Character Education Partnership (CEP)



24408
Character Lab



13343
Charitable Giving Office of Kindy French



24908
Charite University Berlin



13344
Charity Moon



25123
Charity Water



25094
charity: water



13345
Charles A and Anne Morrow Lindbergh Foundation



13346
Charles A Frueauff Foundation



13347
Charles A Ryskamp Research Fellowship



13348
Charles Darwin Foundation



13349
Charles Darwin Research Station



13350
Charles E Culpeper Foundation



13351
Charles E Merrill Trust



29648
Charles E. Fraser Library



13352
Charles Edison Fund



8331
Charles Evans and Associates



13795
Charles G. Koch Charitable Foundation



26026
Charles George Veterans Affairs Medical Center



26741
Charles Goldstein



13355
Charles H Revson Foundation



10949
Charles Hines and Son, Inc.



25394
Charles House Association



23413
Charles Koch Foundation



18518
Charles M. and Mary D. Grant Foundation



9651
Charles Pfizer, Inc.



22161
Charles Potter, M.D.



23295
Charles Redd Center for Western Studies 



7810
Charles River



21331
Charles River Analytics Inc.



26516
Charles River Discovery Research Services



13356
Charles Stewart Mott Foundation



7811
Charles Walters Development Corporation, Inc.



28346
Charles Warren Center for Studies in American History



29044
Charles Weirich



28555
Charles Zegeer



19800
Charleston Area Medical Center Health System, Inc. (CAMC)



28261
Charleston County School District



7812
Charleston Forge



15526
Charleston Symphony Orchestra (SC)



13357
Charley's Fund



10950
Charlotte  Development Corporation



16885
Charlotte - Douglas International Airport



16886
Charlotte - Mecklenburg Citizens Forum



16887
Charlotte - Mecklenburg Hospital Authority



12981
Charlotte AHEC



7180
Charlotte Area Educational Consortium (CAEC)



7181
Charlotte Area Market Data Association



27371
Charlotte Area Transit System (CATS)



7254
Charlotte Association of Realtors



28460
Charlotte Ballet



10951
Charlotte Bobcats



26929
Charlotte Bridge Home



12779
Charlotte Catholic High School



14968
Charlotte Center City Partners



10952
Charlotte Checkers



15527
Charlotte Communities of Shalom



29718
Charlotte Consulting Solutions



18153
Charlotte Emergency Housing



20168
Charlotte Gastroenterology & Hepatology, PLLC



13358
Charlotte Geyer Foundation



10953
Charlotte Hornets



24527
Charlotte Hornets Foundation



18380
Charlotte International Cabinet (CIC)



27735
Charlotte Islamic Academy



16888
Charlotte Knights Baseball Club



29508
Charlotte Lab School



14480
Charlotte Lesbian and Gay Community Funding Partnership



14922
Charlotte Mecklenberg Drug Free Coalition



14923
Charlotte Mecklenberg Senior Center



14924
Charlotte Mecklenburg Chemical Dependency Center



18288
Charlotte Mecklenburg Citizen Service/311



14481
Charlotte Mecklenburg Community Foundation



14925
Charlotte Mecklenburg Community Relations Committee



14921
Charlotte Mecklenburg County



10954
Charlotte Mecklenburg Development Corporation (CMDC)



14926
Charlotte Mecklenburg Fighting Back Project



14482
Charlotte Mecklenburg Health Services Foundation



14483
Charlotte Mecklenburg Hospital Authority Foundation



17524
Charlotte Mecklenburg Schools



17525
Charlotte Mecklenburg Schools Foundation



14927
Charlotte Mecklenburg Urban League



16889
Charlotte Memorial Hospital



14484
Charlotte Merchants Foundation



10955
Charlotte Motor Speedway



14969
Charlotte Neighborhood Development



10956
Charlotte Observer



12780
Charlotte Orthopedic Research Institute



7182
Charlotte Orthopedic Specialists



10957
Charlotte Pipe and Foundry Company



7183
Charlotte Regional Realtors Association



16890
Charlotte Rehabilitation Hospital



27540
Charlotte Soccer Academy



11411
Charlotte Spine Center



16891
Charlotte Symphony Orchestra



29193
Charlotte Theater



23955
Charlotte Works



7184
Charlotte World Trade Association (CWTA)



16892
Charlotte Youth Symphony



18170
Charlotte-Mecklenberg Children's Services Network (CSN)



14928
Charlotte-Mecklenburg County Board of Education



14929
Charlotte-Mecklenburg County Council on Aging



14930
Charlotte-Mecklenburg County Government



14931
Charlotte-Mecklenburg County Planning Commission



14933
Charlotte-Mecklenburg County Public Library



14934
Charlotte-Mecklenburg County Senior Center 



14935
Charlotte-Mecklenburg County Storm Water Services



14936
Charlotte-Mecklenburg County Utilities Department



14937
Charlotte-Mecklenburg County Workforce Development Board



14932
Charlotte-Mecklenburg Police Department



25154
Charlotte-Mecklenburg Storm Water Services



16893
Charter Hills Hospital



16894
Charter Hospital of Winston-Salem



21348
Charter Medical, Ltd.



18203
Charter Properties Inc



16895
Charter Rivers Hospital



23367
Chartwells



26416
Chastain Park Conservancy



14938
Chatham County



18488
Chatham County Department of Social Services



20004
Chatham County Economic Development Corporation



14939
Chatham County Family Violence and Rape Crisis Services



14940
Chatham County Partnership for Children



23558
Chatham County Public Health Department



17526
Chatham County Schools



14485
Chatham Foundation



10958
Chatham Hospital 



10959
Chatham Manufacturing Company



10960
Chatham Mills, Inc.



10961
Chatham Research



27734
Chatham University



13359
Chatlos Foundation



18866
Chattanooga Gyn-Oncology



26514
Chautauqua Theater Company



25776
CHC Youth Forward



7813
CHD Technologies



19473
CHDI Foundation, Inc.



24512
Checkpoint Bio



7814
Cheiljedang (CJ) Corporation



13360
Chelonian Research Foundation



22927
Chelsea Therapeutics, Inc



7815
Cheltec, Inc.



10962
Chem-Bac Laboratories, Inc.



7821
Chem-Nuclear Systems, Inc.



24231
ChemBioPower Ltd.



7459
Chemdal Corporation



7816
ChemGen Corporation



7817
Chemical Abstracts Service (CAS)



23860
Chemical and Pulping Ltd



16025
Chemical Industry Institute of Toxicology (CIIT)



7818
Chemical Lime Company



6648
Chemical Manufacturers Association



7819
Chemical Products Corporation (CPC)



10963
Chemical Specialties, Inc.



7820
Chemmart Associates, Inc.



23714
ChemoCentryx, Inc.



24069
ChemoGenics BioPharma



22527
ChemoGLO, LLC



10964
Chemol Company



7822
Chemonics International, Inc.



22283
chemQ Bioscience LLC



7823
ChemSampCo, Inc.



21052
Chemtex, Inc.



7824
Chemtura Corporation



29819
Chen, Lin and Associates



7826
Chenega Advanced Solutions and Engineering (CASE)



7827
Chenega Federal Systems (CFS)



7828
Cheney Pulp and Paper Company



25583
Cheng-Shiun Leu



7829
Cheraw Yarn Mills, Inc.



18577
Cherokee Central Schools



14941
Cherokee County



23215
Cherokee County Health Department



17527
Cherokee County Schools



24420
Cherokee Nation Technology Solutions LLC



5700
Cherokee National Forest



14486
Cherokee Preservation Foundation



10965
Cherokee Sanford Group



25191
Cherokee Ventures, LLC



17397
Cherry Hospital



25436
Cherry Research Committee



13361
Chesapeake Bay Ecological Foundation



7830
Chesapeake Corporation



13362
Chesapeake Corporation Foundation



28650
Chesapeake Testing



7831
Chesebrough Pond's, Inc.



10966
Cheshire Speech and Voice Center



10967
Chesson Laboratory Associates, Inc.



18917
Chesson, Kay



13363
CHEST Foundation



7832
Chester IDE Associates



23681
Chesterfield Berry Farm



7833
Chesterfield Lumber Company



23880
Chestnut Health Systems



21347
Chevron Corporation



7834
Chevron Energy Technology Company



7835
Chevron Phillips Chemical Company, LLC



18648
Chews-4-Health International



10563
Chia Farms, Inc.



13364
Chiang Ching-Kuo Foundation (CCKF)



20363
Chicago Botanic Garden



15528
Chicago Community Trust



11815
Chicago Medical School



20583
Chicago Public Schools



29839
Chicago Review Course in Neurological Surgery



17860
Chicago Service Center



15529
Chicago Zoological Society



25063
Chicagoland Workforce Funder Alliance (CWFA)



7836
Chick Master Incubator Company



25807
CHICLE Language Institute



24685
Chico's Distribution Services, LLC



10968
Chicopee, Inc.



23569
Chiesi USA, Inc.



16026
Child Advocacy and Parenting Place Exchange Club Center



11816
Child and Adolescent Research Center (CASRC)



25214
Child and Family Policy Institute of California (CFPIC)



21127
Child and Parent Support Services (CAPSS)



25393
Child Care Aware of America (CCAoA)



15053
Child Care Directions



15530
Child Care Resources, Inc.



15531
Child Care Services Association



19526
Child Neurology Foundation (CNF)



11817
Child Trends



7838
Child's Mind Publishing



16027
Childcare Resources



19527
ChildFund International



18864
Childhood Apraxia of Speech Association of North America (CASANA)



13365
Childhood Brain Tumor Foundation (CBTF)



13366
Children Affected by AIDS Foundation (CAAF)



16032
Children First / Communities in Schools (CIS) of Buncombe County



18999
Children's Advocacy Centers of North Carolina (CACNC)



13367
Children's Cardiomyopathy Foundation



26275
Children's Developmental Services Agency



17678
Children's Digestive Health and Nutrition Foundation (CDHNF)



13368
Children's Fund for Glycogen Storage Disease Research



19911
Children's Health Services, P.A.



19788
Children's Healthcare of Atlanta, Inc.



15533
Children's Home



16028
Children's Home Society of North Carolina



15535
Children's Hospital



16378
Children's Hospital and Research Center



20180
Children's Hospital Colorado



16380
Children's Hospital Los Angeles



16381
Children's Hospital Medical Center of Akron



16383
Children's Hospital Medical Center of Northern California



16386
Children's Hospital of Denver



19676
Children's Hospital of New Orleans (CHNOLA)



17759
Children's Hospital of Orange County



16387
Children's Hospital of Philadelphia (CHOP)



16388
Children's Hospital of Pittsburgh



16389
Children's Hospital of The King's Daughters



28759
Children's Hospital of Wisconsin



21763
Children's Hospitals and Clinics of Minnesota



6649
Children's Leukemia Research Association (CLRA)



6650
Children's Literature Association (ChLA)



27814
Children's Mercy Hospital



7837
Children's Mercy Hospital and Clinics



16384
Children's National Health System (formerly Children's Hospital National Medical Center)



13372
Children's Neuroblastoma Cancer Foundation (CNCF)



15536
Children's Resources International



23204
Children's Scholarship Fund



28459
Children's Theatre of Charlotte



23314
Children's Tumor Foundation



15532
Childrens Bureau



29916
Childrens Diagnostic and Treatment Center (CDTC)



15534
Childrens Home of Northern Kentucky



27128
Childrens Home Society of America



13369
Childrens Liver Disease Foundation (CLDF)



13370
Childrens Medical Research Foundation (CMFR)



16390
Childrens Memorial Hospital



16391
Childrens Memorial Hospital of Chicago



11818
Childrens Memorial Research Center



13371
Childrens Miracle Network Hospitals



24325
Childrens National Health System



16392
Childrens National Medical Center



11819
Childrens Oncology Group



11820
Childrens Research Institute



29003
Childrens Theatre Foundation of America (CTFA)



12781
Childrens Training Outreach Program



29375
Childress Institute for Pediatric Trauma (CIPT)



21349
Childtrust Foundation



7839
Chilean Nitrate Sales Corporation



21042
Chiltern International, Inc



23485
Chimera Biotechnology Inc.



28681
Chimera Global, LLC



10969
Chimerix, Inc.



29758
Chimeron Biio



23900
China Bus Rapid Transit (BRT)



20266
China Center for Disease Control (China CDC)



17528
China Grove Elementary School



16393
China Medical Board of New York



29654
China Medical University



16394
China National Office for Teaching Chinese as a Foreign Language (NOCFL)



23567
China Novartis Institutes for BioMedical Research



21350
China Oilfield Services Limited



28664
China Summer Program (CSP)



19336
China University Of Mining And Technology



28276
China University of Petroleum



20628
China-Japan Friendship Hospital



20627
Chinese Academy of Medical Sciences (CAMS)



22376
Chinese Academy of Medical Sciences (CAMS) Cancer Institute and Hospital



20625
Chinese Academy of Preventive Medicine



20265
Chinese Academy of Sciences (CAS)



16395
Chinese Center for Disease Control Prevention (CCCDC)



28305
Chinese Culture and Education Center (CCEC)



20629
Chinese Ministry of Health (MOH)



20474
Chinese National Human Genome Center at Shanghani



7840
Chiquita Brands International



28873
Chirazyme Labs, Inc.



7841
Chiron Corporation



25596
Choanoke Area Development Association of NC, Inc.(CADA)



14942
Choanoke Public Transportation Authority



25822
Chobani, LLC



29396
Chocowinity Middle School



25957
Choctaw Nation



22352
CHOICES - Memphis Center for Reproductive Health



19111
Chonbuk National University



27832
Choral Society of Durham



7844
Chore-Time Poultry Production Systems



23077
Chorus Foundation



14943
Chowan County



16897
Chowan Hospital



7845
Chr. Hansen, Inc.



9339
Chris Craft Industries



27826
Christ Church 



28887
Christ Covenant School



25993
Christ the King Lutheran Church 



6651
Christadelphians



16898
Christenbury Eye Center



25261
Christian Eye Ministry



29338
Christian L. Connell P.C.



26927
Christiana Care Health System



26064
Christina Parker



16396
Christmas Consortium



29345
Christmas Tree Promotion Board



13373
Christopher and Dana Reeve Foundation



19935
Christopher Newport University



25339
Christopher P. Rusconi



13374
Christopher Reynolds Foundation



23475
Chronic Effects of Neurotrauma Consortium (CENC)



6652
Chronic Fatigue and Immune Dysfunction Syndrome Association of America (CFIDS)



13404
Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD) Foundation



21072
Chrysalis Archaeological Consultants



28506
Chrysalis Center For Counseling and Eating Disorder Treatment



7846
Chrysler Group LLC



10523
Chrysler National Training



10524
Chrysler Occupational Health



7848
CHT R. Beitlich Corp.



22134
Chuck Johnson



24277
Chugai Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.



23380
Chung Hwa Pulp Corporation



11821
Chung Yuan Christian University



19364
Chung, Howard



16397
Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints



16398
Church of the Holy Cross



18028
Church World Services



29851
CI Nutreo SAS



28120
CIA Office of Special Activities



13375
Ciba Foundation



7849
Ciba Specialty Chemicals



7850
Ciba-Geigy Corporation



23804
ciBioBase



7851
Cibus Pharmaceuticals, Inc.



15537
Cicatelli Associates



27805
CiceroDx, Inc.



26740
Ciena Corporation



7852
Ciencia



20623
Ciencia Social Alternativa, AC



7853
CIGNA



13376
CIGNA Foundation



12782
CIIT Centers for Health Research



7854
Cilco, Inc.



7855
Cimflex Teknowledge Corporation



22379
CIMIT Boston Simulation Consortium



10970
Cimtec Corporation



16382
Cincinnati Children's Hospital Medical Center (CCHMC)



13377
Cincinnati Children's Hospital Research Foundation



18310
Cincinnati Machines



21356
Cincinnati Nature Center



7856
Cinderella Hair



24186
Cindy Silver, LLC



19436
Cinema Park Network



19354
CineVita Productions



7414
Cingular Wireless PCS



24669
Cint, Inc.



7857
Cintas Corporation



20017
Cinvestav (IPN) Instituto Politécnico Nacional



27528
CIOX Health



7858
CipherOptics



25277
Circassia Pharmaceuticals, Inc.



7859
Circe Biomedical, Inc.



18549
Circle of Parents



10971
Cirque Productions, LLC



7860
Cirrus Logic, Inc.



23725
Cirrus Pharmaceuticals, Inc.



13378
Cisco Foundation



15538
Cisco Learning Institute



7861
Cisco Systems, Inc.



13379
Cite Internationale Des Artes



13380
Citi Foundation



7862
Citi Group



16400
Citicorp Behavioral Sciences Research Council



24821
Cities for Financial Empowerment Fund (CFE FUND)



13381
Cities Service Foundation



7863
CitiMortgage



15539
Citizens League Opposed to Unwanted Toxins (CLOUT)



6653
Citizens United for Research in Epilepsy (CURE)



21023
CiToxLab



21024
CiToxLAB North America



25264
Citrus Research Board (CRB)



26498
City and County of Denver



11822
City College of New York



24536
City Colleges of Chicago



10972
City Motors, Inc.



15124
City of  Winston-Salem Parks and Recreation Department



14944
City of Ahoskie



21537
City of Albemarle



18115
City of Archdale



21544
City of Asheboro



14945
City of Asheville



14946
City of Asheville Child Development Training Program



22625
City of Atlanta



22626
City of Atlanta Department of Parks and Recreation (DPR)



14947
City of Beaulaville



14948
City of Belmont



14949
City of Belville



14951
City of Bessemer City



14952
City of Black Mountain



14958
City of Brevard



14960
City of Burgaw



14950
City of Burlington



14710
City of California



17188
City of Cambridge



14961
City of Carborro



14962
City of Carborro Arts Center



18125
City of Charleston 



14967
City of Charlotte



14970
City of Charlotte Arts and Science Council



14971
City of Charlotte Board of Elections



14972
City of Charlotte Chamber of Commerce



14973
City of Charlotte Community Health Clinic



18149
City of Charlotte Convention and Visitors Bureau



14974
City of Charlotte Department of Transportation



14975
City of Charlotte Engineering Department



14976
City of Charlotte Fire Department



14977
City of Charlotte Housing Authority



22479
City of Charlotte Neighborhood and Business Services



14978
City of Charlotte Neighborhood Development Key Business 



14979
City of Charlotte Regional Partnership



18480
City of Charlotte Solid Waste Services



14980
City of Charlotte Storm Water Services



14811
City of Chesapeake



14750
City of Chicago



14751
City of Chicago Newberry Library



14752
City of Chicago Newberry Library Center for Renaissance Studies



22460
City of Chula Vista



23256
City of Clinton



23255
City of Clinton Wastewater Treatment Plant



14981
City of Columbia



14983
City of Concord



14984
City of Concord Department of Planning and Community Development



22514
City of Conover



14985
City of Cramerton



14986
City of Crossnore



21837
City of Danville



14789
City of Dayton



22177
City of Deadwood



14987
City of Dillsboro



21100
City of Dunn



14988
City of Durham



23199
City of Durham Parks and Recreation



14989
City of Durham Planning Department



17932
City of Eden



14990
City of Edenton



27372
City of El Paso



14991
City of Elizabeth City



14992
City of Elizabeth City Housing Authority



14993
City of Elizabeth City Pasquotank Tourism Board



29862
City of Elizabethton



14994
City of Elkin



14995
City of Elkin Schools



14997
City of Erwin



14998
City of Farmville



14999
City of Fayetteville



15000
City of Fayetteville Convention and Visitor Bureau



15001
City of Fayetteville Metropolitan Housing Authority



24271
City of Fayetteville Police Department



15002
City of Fayetteville Public Works Commission



28722
City of Fort Lauderdale



26176
City of Fort Worth



26101
City of Galveston



15003
City of Garner



15004
City of Gastonia



15005
City of Gastonia Housing Authority



15006
City of Goldsboro



15007
City of Greensboro



15009
City of Greensboro Area Chamber of Commerce



15010
City of Greensboro Area Convention and Visitors Bureau



15011
City of Greensboro Bicentennial Commission



15012
City of Greensboro Department of Housing and Community Development (HCD)



15013
City of Greensboro Department of Planning and Community Development



15014
City of Greensboro Department of Transportation (GDOT)



15015
City of Greensboro Housing Authority



15016
City of Greensboro Human Relations Commission



15017
City of Greensboro Parks and Recreation Department



15018
City of Greensboro Police Department



15019
City of Greensboro Public Library



15020
City of Greensboro Transportation Department



15021
City of Greensboro Youth Council



15024
City of Greenville



25143
City of Greenville Airport Authority



15025
City of Greenville Police Department



15026
City of Greenville Utilities Commission



15027
City of Grifton



15028
City of Guilford



15030
City of Hamlet



15031
City of Harrisburg



29698
City of Hartford



22444
City of Henderson 



15032
City of Hendersonville



15034
City of Hickory



15035
City of High Point



15036
City of High Point Housing Authority



15037
City of High Point Police Department



15038
City of High Point Water Quality Testing Laboratory



17808
City of Hixson (TN)



15039
City of Holden Beach



16401
City of Hope National Medical Center



15040
City of Jacksonville



15041
City of Kannapolis



15043
City of King



15044
City of King Police Department



18744
City of Kinston



15045
City of Knightdale



15046
City of Lake Lure



21106
City of Laurinburg



15047
City of Leland



15048
City of Lenoir



15049
City of Lexington



28685
City of Lexington Police Department



15050
City of Lincolnton



25450
City of Los Angeles 



14712
City of Los Angeles Children and Families First Commission



14713
City of Los Angeles Proposition 10 Commission



15052
City of Lumberton



15054
City of Lumberton Area Visitors Bureau



15055
City of Lumberton Chamber of Commerce



15057
City of Manteo



15058
City of Matthews



15059
City of Matthews Police Department



15060
City of Maysville



15061
City of Maysville Economic Development Commission



15062
City of Monroe



14698
City of Montgomery



14699
City of Montgomery Community Action Agency



15064
City of Morganton



15065
City of Morganton Development Evaluation Center



15066
City of Mount Airy



15067
City of Mount Holly



15069
City of Nags Head



15070
City of New Bern



15072
City of New Hanover



21745
City of New Orleans



15076
City of New River



14784
City of New York



20391
City of New York Department of Consumer Affairs



14785
City of New York Department of Environmental Protection



19918
City of New York Department of Transportation



15079
City of Newton



14812
City of Norfolk



14813
City of Norfolk Redevelopment and Housing Authority



20299
City of Oceanside, CA



15081
City of Pembroke



14728
City of Pensacola



14729
City of Pensacola Chamber of Commerce



21035
City of Philadelphia



15084
City of Pinehurst



15085
City of Pinetops



15086
City of Plymouth



17780
City of Pomona



21416
City of Port Angeles



27267
City of Portland



28026
City of Portsmouth VA



19519
City of Racine



22446
City of Raeford



15087
City of Raleigh



15088
City of Raleigh Chamber of Commerce



15089
City of Raleigh Convention and Visitiors Bureau



28062
City of Raleigh Engineering Services Department



15090
City of Raleigh Police Department



21415
City of Raleigh Public Utilities Department



15091
City of Reidsville



15092
City of River Bend



20772
City of Riverside



15093
City of Roanoke Rapids



14797
City of Rock Hill



14798
City of Rock Hill Chamber of Commerce



15095
City of Rockingham



15096
City of Rocky Mount



15097
City of Rolesville



15098
City of Rowland



15099
City of Rutherfordton



15100
City of Salisbury



21922
City of San Diego



14715
City of San Francisco



14716
City of San Francisco Public Ultilities Commission



15101
City of Sanford



14824
City of Seattle



14825
City of Seattle Municipal Research and Service Center



15102
City of Seven Devils



15103
City of Siler City



15104
City of Siler City School



15105
City of Southport



15106
City of Statesville



15107
City of Statesville Chamber of Commerce



15108
City of Summerfield



15109
City of Surf City



15111
City of Thomasville



15112
City of Thomasville Police Department



24715
City of Tulsa



22662
City of Valparaiso



18746
City of Washington



15114
City of Waynesville



15115
City of Weldon



14758
City of Wichita



15117
City of Wilkesboro



15118
City of Williamston



15119
City of Wilmington



15120
City of Wilmington Housing Authority



21328
City of Wilmington Storm Water Services



18745
City of Wilson



15123
City of Winston-Salem



15125
City of Winston-Salem Fire Department



15126
City of Winston-Salem Police Department



15129
City of Winterville



11823
City University of New York (CUNY)



17964
City Year Chicago



17963
City Year Inc. 



15131
City-County Customer Service and Information Center



7864
CityScape Consultants, Inc.



24311
Ciudad Guatemala BRT Transportation Agency 



28828
CivaTech Oncology Inc.



16899
Civic Education Consortium



23583
Civil and Environmental Consultants, Inc. (CEC) 



16402
Civil Defense of Ecuador



13382
Civil Justice Foundation



11827
Civil Society Institute



15540
Civitan International



21355
CJ America



11828
Claflin University



17814
Clancy Environmental Consultants (CEC), Inc.



23641
Clarcor, Inc.



11829
Claremont Graduate University



11830
Claremont McKenna College



13383
Clarence E Heller Charitable Foundation (CEHCF)



7865
Clariant Corporation



29751
Clarion Healthcare



21354
Clarion Industries



28627
Clarity Counseling Center



28384
Clarity Surgical Solutions



7866
Clark and Chase Research



11831
Clark Atlanta University



19302
Clark County Courts Las Vegas



7867
Clark Equipment Company



24187
Clark Hulings Fund



19243
Clark Jones Group



11832
Clark University



7868
Clarkson Aerospace Corporation



11833
Clarkson University



20541
Clasons Enterprises Limited



18691
CLASS Training



13384
Classic Foundation



23489
Classroom Central



7869
Clausen, Miller, Gorman, Caffrey, and Witous, P.C.



20258
Clave Biodesign, Inc.



19405
Claveria Research and Development Foundation, Inc. (CRDFI)



18004
Clay County



23216
Clay County Health Department



17529
Clay County Schools



10973
Clayson Knitting Company, Inc.



17530
Clayton County Public Schools



24501
Clayton Early Learning



10974
Clayton Marcus Furniture Company



24216
Clean Air Carolina



15541
Clean Air Task Force (CATF)



7870
Clean Air Technologies International, Inc. (CATI)



7871
Clean Earth Technologies LLC



19729
Clean Energy Durham



29947
Clean Energy Smart Manufacturing Innovation Institute (CESMII)



25350
Clean Environmental Services 



25618
Clean Strategy Group



16029
Clean Water for North Carolina (CWFNC)



10975
Clean Water Lead Testing, Inc.



17317
Clean Water Management Trust Fund



21352
Clean Water Scientific, Inc.



10976
Cleaner World Dry Cleaning



7872
CleanTech Partners



19849
CleanTech U



25411
Clearas Water Recovery



7873
ClearCount Medical Solutions, Inc.



28451
Clearpoint Health, LLC



25737
Clearside BioMedical, Inc.



25525
ClearView HealthCare Partners



20582
Clearwater Strategic Consulting



25571
ClearWater Tech, LLC 



20252
ClearWay Minnesota



29346
Cleary Gottlieb Steen and Hamilton LLP



23328
Cleave Biosciences



20302
Cleft Palate Foundation (CPF)



11834
Clemson University



25291
Clemson University Institute for Parks



19425
Clemson University Research Foundation (CURF)



23154
Cleveland Clinic



13385
Cleveland Clinic Foundation



15132
Cleveland County



17996
Cleveland County Early College High School



19517
Cleveland County Health Department



15133
Cleveland County Home Health Care



16900
Cleveland County Memorial Hospital



24414
Cleveland County Schools



24419
Cleveland Metroparks



28418
Cleveland Opera Theater



27921
Cleveland Pediatrics



16403
Cleveland Regional Medical Center



11835
Cleveland State University



21995
Cleveland Underwater Explorers, Inc. (CLUE)



22106
Clif Bar Family Foundation



28959
Cliff Godwin Baseball Camp, LLC



20858
Cliff Parker



23557
Cliff Scherer - Cortex EEG



27373
Clifford Debelius Boynton and Hyatt



29740
CliftonLarsonAllen, LLP



23417
Climate Action Network (CAN)



28030
Climate Central



29547
Clinical Care Options, LLC



22785
Clinical Diagnostic Strategies, LLC



7874
Clinical Drug Investigation



23634
Clinical Genomics



19711
Clinical Immunology Society (CIS)



7875
Clinical Micro Sensors, Inc.



23797
Clinical Nano, Ltd



6654
Clinical Protocol Association



27480
Clinical Reference Laboratory



28777
Clinical Research Connections, Inc



18957
Clinical Research Group (CRG)



7876
Clinical Research International, Inc. (CRI)



7877
Clinical Research Management, (CRM) Inc.



27444
Clinical RM



20346
Clinical Sensors, Inc.



22738
Clinical Tools, Inc.



7878
Clinical Trials Management Systems (CTMS)



22552
ClinicalTools



28218
Clinigen Group PLC



23554
Clinipace Worldwide



7879
Clinsys Clinical Research, Inc.



25275
Clintara, LLC



16901
Clinton Baptist Church



19602
Clinton City Schools



23793
Clinton Health Access Initative (CHAI)



27614
Clintrax Global, Inc,



7880
Clintrials Network



7881
ClinTrials Research, Inc.



24675
Clinverse, Inc.



7883
Clorox Company



19829
Close to Home



27791
Closed Loop Fund (CLF)



10977
Closure Medical Corporation



28702
Cloudland Instruments



14826
Clover Park School District



26568
Clovis Oncology



23477
CLT Joules



19391
Clubb, Dr. Patricia A.



20809
Clyde A. Erwin High School



24439
Clyde Space Ltd.



22641
CMC Biologics



25794
CME Outfitters, LLC



26811
Cmed Inc.



20048
CMG of North Carolina, Inc.



26804
CMP Pharma



23017
CMP Tarnhelm Partners LLC



22413
CMS Center for Consumer Information and Insurance Oversight (CCIIO)



19647
CMS Center for Medicare and Medicaid Innovation 



29165
CMS Technologies, Inc.



10978
CMS Technology, Inc.



11798
CMU Center for African-American Urban Studies



11799
CMU Pittsburg Supercomputer Center



17764
CNA Financial Corporation



26902
CNJ Holdings



10439
CNN



10440
CNN Interactive



23734
CNS Therapy, AG



29612
CNS Vital Signs, LLC



27252
Coach Mo Football Camp



22741
Coagulation Gift Fund



18005
Coalition For A Safe and Drug Free Clay County



18003
Coalition for Alcohol and Drug Free Teenagers of Chapel Hill and Carrboro



18100
Coalition for Drug Abuse Prevention



18016
Coalition for Family Peace



6655
Coalition of National Cancer Cooperative Groups



28657
Coalition on Adult Basic Education (COABE)



24472
COALITIONS WORK DBA FRANCES D BUTTERFOSS 



12982
Coastal Area Health Education Center (AHEC)



27798
Coastal Carolina Neonatology



21508
Coastal Carolina Radiation Oncology



11836
Coastal Carolina University



19013
Coastal Children's Clinic



27797
Coastal Childrens Services



18101
Coastal Coalition for Substance Abuse Prevention (CCSAP)



10979
Coastal Community Action, Inc. (NC)



20069
Coastal Connect Health Information Exchange (CCHIE)



18849
Coastal ENT and Facial Plastic Surgery



13386
Coastal Foundation



7884
Coastal Horizons Center



16902
Coastal Plain Counseling Center



5658
Coastal Plains Regional Commission



10980
Coastal Planning and Engineering of North Carolina, Inc.



15542
Coastal Progress, Inc.



16903
Coastal Rehabilitation Hospital



29277
Coastal Resilience Group



5642
Coastal Services Center (CSC)



24179
Coastal Transplants



7185
Coastal Wildlife Refuge Society



10981
Coastal Zone Resource Corporation



25378
CoastalCare



25060
Coastworks



22198
Coated Rebar, LLC



23001
Coats North America



7885
CoAxia, Inc.



15543
Cobalt Development Institute (CDI)



7886
Cobb-Vantress, Inc.



13387
Coca Cola Foundation



7887
Coca-Cola Company



7882
Cochlear Americas



7888
Cochran Corporation



18372
Cochran Industries, Inc 



10982
Cochrane Furniture Company



21037
Cocona Inc.



10983
CODA Research, Inc.



23250
CoDa Therapeutics Inc.



27071
Code.org



21240
Codet-Newport Corporation



10984
Coerr Environmental



26045
Coery Cooper 



15544
Coevolution Institute (CoE)



22893
Coferon Inc



14487
Coffey Foundation



7889
COGEMA  Branche Retraitement



7890
CoGenesys, Inc.



7891
Cognis Corporation



18301
Cognition Corporation



22939
Cognitive Research Corporation



27611
Cognizant



10985
Cognosci, Inc.



19550
Coharie Intra-Tribal Council



27479
Cohen Veterans Bioscience Inc.



27631
Coherent Technical Services, Inc. (CSTi)



28157
Coherex Medical, Inc.



23214
Coins for Alzheimer's Research Trust



27827
Coker College



7892
Coker Industries, Inc.



23665
CoLabs 



20829
Colas Solutions, Inc.



7893
Colbond



26231
Cold Genesys, Inc.



7894
Cold Point Corporation



11837
Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory



25322
Coldstream Laboratories Inc



13388
Cole Foundation



18778
Colegio de Mexico



7895
Coleman Company, Inc



13389
Coleman Foundation



26501
Coleman Research Group, Inc.



28656
Coley Government Contract Services



7897
Colgate Oral Care



7896
Colgate-Palmolive



7898
Colgate-Palmolive Research Center



28137
Collaborations Pharmaceuticals, Inc.



25762
Collaborative for Children



28186
Collaborative Medical Technology Corporation (CMTC)



26688
Collaborative Pharma Consulting, LLC



20024
Collaborative Systems and Strategies LLC



24104
Collaboratory of AIDS Researchers for Eradication (CARE)



15545
College Board



6656
College of American Pathologists (CAP)



13390
College of American Pathologists (CAP) Foundation



11838
College of Charleston



18348
College of St. Scholastica



18761
College of The Albemarle



12839
College of the Albemarle



11840
College of William and Mary



11841
College of William and Mary Virginia Institute of Marine Science



22188
College of Wooster



29738
College Transitions



28421
Collegiate and Professional Sports Dieticians Association (CPSDA)



26526
Collegiate Sports Associates



23633
Collegium de Lyon



13391
Collie Club of America Foundation



27947
Collin College



13392
Collins and Aikman Foundation



10986
Collins Haynes, and Lully, Inc.



7899
Colloids, Inc.



16404
Colombian Secretary of Culture



25282
Colon and Rectal Surgery Associates



29695
Colon Cancer Coalition



28654
Colonial School District



19823
Coloplast Corp.



25836
Color Genomics



28311
Colorado Department of Higher Education



14723
Colorado Local Governments



16405
Colorado Natural History Program



11842
Colorado School of Mines



19546
Colorado State Government



11843
Colorado State University



22642
Colowrap, LLC



7900
COLSA Corporation



16904
Columbia Cape Fear Memorial Hospital



10987
Columbia Carolina Corporation



23160
Columbia Fire and Safety Ltd.



7901
Columbia Forest Products



29035
Columbia Museum of Art 



20577
Columbia Nephrology Associates, P.A.



7902
Columbia River Carbonate



11844
Columbia University



11845
Columbia University Center for the Study of Futures Markets



11846
Columbia University Center on Medicine as a Profession



24273
Columbia University Medical Center (CUMC)



29750
Columbia University School of Nursing



11847
Columbia University School of Social Work



18046
Columbia University Teachers College



11848
Columbia University Trustees



29826
Columbian Association of Radiology (ACR)



15134
Columbus County



16030
Columbus County Developing Resilience through Enrichment Awareness and Motivation (DREAM) Center



17531
Columbus County Schools



15135
Columbus County SmartStart



23961
Columbus Photovoltaics LLC



25438
Columbus State Community College



22585
Columbus State University (CSU)



13393
Columbus Zoo Conservation Fund



24746
Columiba University Lamont-Doherty Earth Observatory



25251
Column and Post



24991
Combs Lab Inc.



16406
Combustion ByProducts Recycling Consortium



7903
Combustion Research and Flow Technology, Inc. (CRAFT Tech)



20576
Comenius University in Bratislava



29236
Comexus - Becas Fulbright-Garcia Robles



7904
Cominco American Resources, Inc.



16407
Comision Asesora of Scientific and Tech. Invest.



16408
Comision Federal de Electricidad



16409
Comite Conjunto Hispano-Norteamericano



22367
Command Nutritionals, LLC



16410
Commemorative Association for the Japan World Exposition 1970



29716
Commercial Bank of Ceylon PLC



18998
Commercial Fisheries Research Foundation (CFRF)



18183
Commercial Plastics Recycling, Inc.



6657
Commercial Vehicle Safety Alliance (CVSA)



25888
Commission for Academic Accreditation (CAA)



20556
Commission for Children with Special Health Care Needs (CCSHCN)



22712
Commission for Environmental Cooperation (CEC)



24567
Commission for the Eradication and Prevention of screwworm (COPEG)



17339
Commission of Indian Affairs



19662
Commission on Accreditation Healthcare Management Education (CAHME)



17470
Commission on Law and Order



16411
Commission on Professional and Hospital Activities



15546
Commission on Rehabilitation Counselor Certification (CRCC)



16412
Commission on the Bicentennial of the United States Constitution



17472
Commission on Workforce Preparedness



16905
Committee for Education



16413
Committee for International Medical Exchange



16414
Committee on Grants-in-Aid of Research (GIAR)



16415
Committee on Scholarly Communication with China



7905
Commodore International



24300
Common Ground of Eastern North Carolina



21134
Commonwealth Brands, Inc.



29455
Commonwealth Center for Advanced Manufacturing (CCAM)



24060
Commonwealth Dairy, LLC



7906
Commonwealth Edison Company (ComEd)



13394
Commonwealth Fund



7907
Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization (CSIRO)



10988
CommScope, Inc.



20773
Communications Scientific International, Inc. (CSI)



25338
Communify Health, LLC



25779
Communique, Inc.



29592
Communities in Partnership (CIP)



16031
Communities in Schools (CIS)



16033
Communities in Schools (CIS) of Brunswick County



29170
Communities In Schools (CIS) of Charlotte-Mecklenburg, Inc.



22923
Communities in Schools (CIS) of Greater Greensboro



18690
Communities in Schools (CIS) of New Hanover County



16034
Communities in Schools (CIS) of Robeson County



27801
Communities in Schools of Durham



22926
Communities In Schools of Orange County



19820
Community Action Opportunities



15547
Community Anti Drug Coalitions of America (CADCA)



16035
Community Arts Council of Western North Carolina



28604
Community Associations Institute (CAI)



15548
Community Based Alternatives



18697
Community Boys and Girls Clubs of Wilmington



15549
Community Building Initiative (CBI)



16906
Community Building Task Force



15550
Community Campus Partnership for Health (CCPH)



5432
Community Capacity Development Office



18545
Community Care Clinic



16416
Community Care Network Demonstration



17334
Community Care of North Carolina (CCNC)



20475
Community Care of the Lower Cape Fear (CCLCF)



26154
Community Catalyst



16036
Community Charter School



12783
Community College of Allegheny County



26037
Community College of Baltimore County (CCBC)



5392
Community Development Financial Institutions Fund



23435
Community Empowerment Fund (CEF)



10989
Community Enrichment Organization



22598
Community Food Lab, LLC



25120
Community Foodworks



20412
Community Foundation for Southeast Michigan



14488
Community Foundation of Greater Greensboro



17668
Community Foundation of Henderson County



14489
Community Foundation of Southeastern North Carolina



14490
Community Foundation of Western North Carolina



13395
Community Health Empowerment Foundation



17847
Community Health Interventions and Sickle Cell Agency, Inc.



26047
Community Health Promotion Kenya (CHPK)



28577
Community Health Systems (CHS)



25455
Community Housing Solutions



16908
Community Issues Council



18470
Community Link



15551
Community Media Productions



13396
Community Medicine Foundation



22582
Community Nutrition Partnership



15552
Community Options



20021
Community Pharmacy Foundation (CPF)



7186
Community Reinvestment Association of North Carolina



20849
Community School of Davidson



16909
Community School of the Arts



24550
Community Teamwork, Inc.



25898
Community Transportation Association (CTAA)



28613
Community Ventures Inc



23114
Community Voice Consulting



25320
Community-Campus Partnerships for Health (CCPH)



19014
CommWell Health



7908
Compania Forestal Oriental SA



6658
Comparative Gastroenterology Society (CGS)



25219
Compass Evaluation and Research, Inc



29470
Compass Strategic Consulting, Inc



25347
Competition Bureau Canada



27358
Competitive Media Reporting, LLC



29114
CompHealth



7909
CompleWare Corporation



29868
Composite Advantage LLC



7910
Comprehensive Home Care



28819
Comprehensive Psychotherapy Services



27304
CompRel, Inc.



13397
Compton Foundation



9935
Computalog Research, Inc.



25740
Computational Sciences, LLC



7911
Computer Aided Manufacturing International



7912
Computer Data Systems, Inc.



10990
Computer Innovations Consulting, Inc.



20314
Computer Science Collaboration Project 



7913
Computer Sciences Corporation (CSC)



7914
Computer Technology Associates (CTA)



26637
Computing Community Consortium (CCC)



6659
Computing Research Association (CRA)



7915
Computrition, Inc.



19143
Comtech Mobile Datacom Corporation



7916
Comtex International Corporation



7917
ConAgra Foods



27542
Conatus Pharmaceuticals Inc.



23490
CONCAWE



7918
Concentric Medical, Inc.



18035
Concentric Research and Evaluation (CRE)



7919
Concepts in Pharmaceutical Research, Inc.



13398
Concern Foundation



20352
Concerned Citizens of Tillery



28618
Concert Artists Guild (CAG)



15553
Concord Consortium



10991
Concord Farms, Inc.



16417
Concord Regional Airport



15136
Concord-Cabarrus County Chamber of Commerce



28190
Concrete Accessories of GA, Inc.



27346
Concrete General



7920
Concurrent Technologies Corporation (CTC)



24577
CONCYTEC



7921
Conductores Monterrey



10286
Conductus, Inc.



11345
Cone Health Center



14606
Cone Health Foundation



14607
Cone Health Foundation Community Health Improvement Fund (CHIF)



16987
Cone Health System



7922
Cone Mills Corporation



28455
Conetoe Family Life Center



15554
Confederate Naval Museum



6660
Conference Board



6661
Conference Board of Mathematical Sciences (CBMS)



15555
Conference of Radiation Controls Program Directors (CRCPD)



16418
Conference of Religious of Ireland (CORI)



21391
Conference on College Composition and Communication (CCCC)



16419
Conference on Jewish Material Claims Against Germany



6662
Conference on Latin American History (CLAH)



27333
Confidence Pharmaceutical Research



27313
ConForm



13399
Congressional Black Caucus Foundation



16910
Congressman Mike McIntyre



26681
ConMed Linvatec



7923
Conmed Patient Care



7924
Connaught Laboratories



26475
Connect BioMed, LLC



11849
Connecticut Agricultural Experiment Station



16420
Connecticut Childrens Medical Center



23967
Connecticut Community Foundation



17129
Connecticut Conference of Municipalities



23872
Connecticut Department of Energy and Environmental Protection (DEEP)



17130
Connecticut Department of Public Health



17128
Connecticut State Government



21030
Connecticutt Judicial Branch



13400
Connemara Fund



28552
Conner Anesthesia, PLLC



12542
Connie Belin and Jacqueline N Blank Center for Gifted Education and Talent Development



26556
Connor and Connor, LLC



7926
Conoco, Inc.



7925
Conoco-Phillips, Inc.



7928
Conor Medsystems



19852
Conquer Cancer Foundation



7929
CONRAD



15559
CONRAD (Contraceptive Research and Development)



20456
Conrad N. Hilton Foundation



7930
CONSAD Research Corporation



29157
Consensus Decision Support Systems, LLC



24701
Conservation Center for Art and Historic Artifacts



13402
Conservation International



22862
Conservation Legacy



14491
Conservation Trust for North Carolina



29080
Consiglio Nazionale delle Ricerch (CNR)



23187
Consolidated Edison, Inc.



7931
Consolidated Minerals, Inc.



28167
Consolidated Nuclear Security , LLC (CNS) 



26411
Consolidated Systems Incorporated (CSI)



7932
Consolidated Theatres, Inc.



24291
Consorci Institut d'Investigacions Biomediques August PI I Sunyer (IDIBAPS)



18346
Consortium for Advanced Manufacturing International (CAMI) 



27162
Consortium for Affordable Medical Technologies (CAMTech)



15556
Consortium for Children



28063
Consortium for Energy, Environment and Demilitarization (CEED)



11850
Consortium for International Cooperation in Higher Education



16421
Consortium For International Crop Protection



15557
Consortium for Mathematics and Its Applications (COMAP)



6663
Consortium for Ocean Leadership



11851
Consortium for Oceanographic Research and Education



26264
Consortium for Outdoor Materials & Performance Ensembles Testing & Evaluation (COMPETE)



11852
Consortium for Plant Biotechnology Research (CPBR)



11853
Consortium for Research on Renewable Industrial Materials (CORRIM)



16422
Consortium for the Advancement of Public Education



19850
Consortium for Wildlife Bycatch Reduction 



23640
Consortium of Humanities Centers and Institutes (CHCI)



11854
Consortium of Latin American Studies Programs



11855
Consortium of Southern Colleges of Teacher Education



29198
Consortium of Universities for Global Health (CUGH)



11856
Consortium of Universities for the Advancement of Hydrologic Sciences



7933
Constant Laboratories, Inc.



10992
Constella Clinical Informatics, Inc.



20503
Constella Futures International, LLC



26002
Constellation Energy Resources, LLC.



7934
Construction Data Control, Inc. (CDCI)



10993
Construction Imaging Systems



6664
Construction Industry Institute (CII)



6665
Construction Management Association of America (CMAA)



17982
Construction Professionals Network of North Carolina



7935
Construction Technology Laboratories (CTL)



16423
Consulate General of Japan



29601
Consulting Psychologists Press (CPP)



15558
Consumer Action



16037
Consumer Credit Counseling Service of WNC



18848
Consumer Credit Research Foundation



23062
Consumer Financial Protection Bureau



28492
Consumer Health Ventures



6666
Consumer Specialty Products Association (CSPA)



23100
Consumers Energy



21825
Contech Engineered Solutions



25670
Contemporary Forums



7936
Content Analyst Company



29178
Content Garden, Inc.



7937
Continental AG



23098
Continental Grain Company



18647
Continental Shelf Associates



23803
Contour Innovations



29663
Contracting Resources Group, Inc. (CRG)



27768
Contraline 



23381
Contributor/Inventor (Lead) Not on Patent



21137
Control Vision Inc



22781
Convanta Energy 



7939
ConvaTec



24381
Converse, Inc.



18333
Converteam Inc.



7940
Conwed Fibers



7941
Cook Biotech, Inc.



20181
Cook Children's Medical Center



28178
Cook County Health and Hospitals System (CCHHS)



21986
Cook Group, Inc.



25739
Cook Medical Technologies, Ltd.



27948
Cook Research Incorporated 



7942
Cook, Inc.



29184
Cooking Matters 



26436
CoolCAD Electronics, LLC



25743
Coolcore, LLC



7943
Cooley LLP



13403
Cooleys Anemia Foundation



7944
Cooling Technology, Inc.



7945
Cooper Concepts



7946
Cooper Industries



15560
Cooper Institute



22536
Cooper Ornithological Society



7947
Cooper Tools



26828
Cooper University Health Care



12784
Cooperating Raleigh Colleges (CRC)



25586
Cooperative Ecosystem Studies Units (CESU) Network



6667
Cooperative Education and Internship Association (CEIA)



29519
Cooperative Human Tissue Network (CHTN)



19009
Cooperative Institute for Climate and Satellites (CICS-NC)



12605
Cooperative Institute for Coastal and Estuarine Environmental Technology (CICEET)



5646
Cooperative Institute for Fisheries Oceanography



9760
Coopers and Lybrand



23015
CooperVision



16424
Coordenacao da Regiao Metropolitana Curitiba



24436
Coordinate Metrology Society (CMSC)



27755
Coordinate Metrology Systems Conference



22528
Coordinated Therapeutics



17973
Coordinating and Development Corporation



16425
Coordinating Council for Women in History



11857
Coordinating Research Council



16426
Coordination of Scholarships for the Improvement of Higher Education



27145
Coordination Pharmaceuticals, Inc.



20259
Coordination Therapeutics, Inc.



19561
Copenhagen Business School (CBS)



7948
COPEQ Trading Co 



25501
Copernicus Group IRB (CGIRB)



7949
CoPharma, Inc.



27588
Coping Power Program



29327
Copland House, Inc.



20984
Coral Reef Alliance



20816
Corbin Company



27009
Corbus Pharmaceuticals Holdings, Inc.



7950
Cordis Corporation



23018
CORE Science Solutions 



7951
Core Therapeutics



23358
CoreLogic



29861
CoreNet Global Carolinas



23005
Corgenix



6097
Corgentech Inc.



26715
Corinthian Opthamalic, Inc.



8560
Corixa Corporation



7952
Cormatex



26777
CorMatrix Cardiovascular, Inc.



27850
CorMedix Inc



26256
CORMETECH, Inc.



10994
Corn Growers Association of North Carolina, Inc.



6668
Corn Refiners Association (CRA)



25634
Cornell Center for Behavior Economics in Child Nutrition Programs 



27702
Cornell Research Foundation, Inc.



25075
Cornell Technical Services, LLC  (CTS)



11858
Cornell University



11859
Cornell University Center for Advanced Computing



27703
Cornell University Lab of Ornithology



11860
Cornell University Medical Campus



11861
Cornell University Society for the Humanities



11862
Cornell University Vitaculture Consortium East



11863
Cornell University Weill Medical College



23570
Cornerston Therapeutics Inc.



28052
Cornerstone Health Care



16427
Cornerstone Missionary Baptist Church



7953
Corning Besselaar, Inc.



10995
Corning Cable Systems



28395
Corning Community College



13405
Corning Incorporated Foundation



23464
Corning Optical Communications, LLC



7954
Corning Pharmaceuticals



7955
Corning Tropel Corporation



7956
Corning, Inc.



27306
Cornish American Song Institute



7957
Coron Corporation



28324
Corona Environmental Consulting



21628
Corona Group



21980
Coronado Biosciences Inc



16428
Coronado Resource Conservation and Development



22067
CoroWare



10996
Corpex Technologies, Inc.



7958
Corpora Systems, Inc.



24304
Corporate Construction Services, LLC



15561
Corporation for Enterprise Development (CFED)



5803
Corporation for National and Community Service (CNCS)



15562
Corporation For National Research Initiatives (CNRI)



15563
Corporation for Public Broadcasting (CPB)



7959
Corpoven, Inc.



18398
Cort Architectural Group PA



23785
Cort Pedersen



22173
CORTAC 



7960
Cortech Solutions, Inc.



7961
Cortex Communications, Inc.



19638
Corthera, Inc.



10997
Cortical Metrics LLC



10998
Cortina Fabrics



18305
Cortland Cable 



18304
Cortland Companies



7962
Corus Pharma, Inc.



29094
Corvid Technologies



26105
Corvus Analytics



7963
Corvus Systems, Inc.



17654
Cosemed



21056
Coskata, Inc.



7964
Cosmedical Company Ltd.



20023
CoSMo Software, Inc.



7965
COSMOS Corporation



25831
Cossich Sumich Parsiola and Taylor, LLC



6669
Costume Society of America (CSA)



26790
Costume Society of America Southeast Region



24966
Cottle Strawberry Nursery, Inc.



7966
Cotton Incorporated



25490
Cottonman.com



19010
Cougar Biotechnology, Inc.



23297
Council for Accreditation of Counseling and Related Educational Programs  (CACREP)



26887
Council for Advancement and Support of Educatino (CASE)



15564
Council for Agricultural Science and Technology (CAST)



16429
Council for Biotechnology Information



18378
Council for Children's Rights (CFCR)



6670
Council for Early Childhood Professional Recognition



16038
Council for Entrepreneurial Development (CED)



6671
Council for European Studies (CES)



6672
Council for Exceptional Children (CEC)



6673
Council for Intercultural Studies and Programs, Inc.



5415
Council for International Exchange of Scholars



6674
Council for Philosophical Studies



19648
Council for Programs in Technical and Scientific Communication (CPTSC)



6936
Council for Research in Nursing Education



19902
Council for Scientific and Industrial Research Institute (CSIR)



15565
Council for the Advancement of Adult Literacy (CAAL)



6675
Council for the Advancement of Experiential Learning (CAEL)



13406
Council for the International Exchange of Scholars (CIES)



11864
Council for Tobacco Research



25817
Council for Watershed Health



16431
Council Japan (CIEE)



24184
Council of Academic Programs in Communication Sciences and Disorders (CAPCSD)



11865
Council of American Overseas Research Centers (CAORC)



6676
Council of Chief State School Officers (CCSSO)



5812
Council of Economic Advisers



29917
Council of Graduate Departments of Psychology (COGDOP)



6677
Council of Graduate Schools (CGS)



6678
Council of Literary Magazines and Presses (CLMP)



6679
Council of Logistics Management



6680
Council of Social Work Education (CSWE)



19783
Council of State and Territorial Epidemiologists



6681
Council of State Governments (CSG)



18217
Council of the Great City Schools



25578
Council of Writing Program Administrators



19460
Council On Adolescents of Catawba County



26730
Council on Aging of Southwestern Ohio 



6682
Council on Graduate Education for Administration in Nursing (CGEAN)



6683
Council on International Educational Exchange (CIEE)



6684
Council on Library and Information Resources (CLIR)



17900
Council on Public Policy Education



6685
Council on Social Work Education (CSWE)



27212
Council on Tall Buildings and Urban Habitat (CTBUH)



6687
Council on Technology Teacher Education (CTTE)



6688
Council on Undergraduate Research (CUR)



29644
Counsyl, Inc.



23073
Counter Tools



24992
Couragen Biopharmaceutics LLC



23133
Coursera



16039
Court Watch of North Carolina



7967
Courtaulds Company



10999
Courtaulds Fibers, Inc.



7968
Courtesy Associates



26053
Courtney Jackson



23210
Courtyard Marriott Wilmington/Wrightsville 



29172
Coutts and Connor



7969
Covalent Associates, Inc.



7970
Covalent Group, Inc.



7971
Covalent Materials Corporation



7973
Covance Inc.



28688
CoVar Applied Technologies, Inc.



20878
Cove Creek Elementary School



19514
Covenant House



28569
Covenant Retirement Communities



7974
Cover Technologies, Inc.



27835
Covestro LLC.



18615
Covidien



24053
Coville, Inc.



25935
Covington and Burling LLP



22378
Covis Pharmaceuticals Inc



7975
Cox Industries, Inc.



29381
CoxGomyl Holdings Pty Ltd. 



7976
CP Chemical Company, Inc.



7977
CP Clare Corporation



23337
CPA Global Limited



18867
CPEX Pharmaceuticals, Inc.



21681
CPG Group of Companies (CPG Inc.)



7978
CPL Associates LLC



27163
CPM Educational Program



27348
CPRW - The Center for Construction Research and Training



7979
CR Bard, Inc.



29166
CRA360, Inc.



21044
CRADA International, Inc.



23508
Craig H. Neilsen Foundation



13305
Craighead Environmental Research Foundation



29233
CRAiLAR Fiber Technologies International, Inc.



22296
Crane Group Companies



23228
Cranfield University



29544
Cranfill, Sumner and Hartzg, LLP



18844
Craven Aging Planning Board



12840
Craven Community College



15137
Craven County



18843
Craven County Board of Commissioners



18841
Craven County Department of Planning and Inspections



15138
Craven County Health Department



23044
Craven County Parks and Recreation



18842
Craven County Planning Board



15139
Craven County Regional Medical Authority



17977
Craven County Schools



20497
Craven County Smart Start Inc.



28391
Craven Messiah Chorus



18840
Craven Regional Medical Center



11866
Crayhon Research



7980
Crayola, LLC



25844
CRC Press, LLC



19838
CRDF Global



7982
Creare, Inc.



18082
Creating Order, Inc.



20173
Creative Aging Network - NC (CAN-NC)



23139
Creative and Novel Ideas in HIV Research (CNIHR)



18958
Creative Campus Innovations



13407
Creative Capital Foundation



7187
Creative Cultural Council (C3)



23970
Creative Cybernetics



17655
Creative Innovations for Aircraft



29109
Creative Motion Alliance, Inc.



29055
CrediFi Content Company



24528
Credit Suisse Group AG



18874
Credle, Frank



24453
CREDO



23742
Cree Fayetteville, Inc.



7984
Cree Research, Inc.



7983
Cree, Inc.



19355
Creighton University



27932
Crescendo Biologics Ltd.



29552
Crescendo Interactive, Inc.



29856
Crescent Enterprise



11001
Crescent Resources, Inc.



24030
CrescoAg, LLC



13408
Crestar Foundation



11002
CRF Rehabilitation



11003
CRF Speech and Language Associates



21955
Crim Fitness Foundation



22425
Crime and Justice Analysts



18272
Crisis Assistance Ministry



25566
Crisis Center Inc



26270
Crisis Track (Geopliant, LLC)



29011
CRISPR Therapeutics



24858
Cristal Therapeutics



21904
Criterium Inc.



7985
Critical Care America



19690
Critical Care Diagnostics, Inc.



20462
Critical Illness and Trauma Foundation (CIT)



28009
Critical Infrastructure Resilience Institute (CIRI)



27979
Critical Path Institute



5701
Croatan National Forest



23646
Crohnology 



13409
Crohns and Colitis Foundation of America (CCFA)



23449
Crohns and Colitis Foundation of Canada



7986
CroMedica Global, Inc.



23263
CropLife Foundation



7987
CropLife International



15566
CROPP Cooperative



15567
CROPP Cooperative Farmers Advocating for Organics (FAFO) Fund



27884
Cropper Medical, Inc.



14492
Crosland Foundation



11257
Crosland Group



11004
Crosland Land Company



14493
Cross Creek Foundation



18374
CrossFit LKN



16911
Crossroads Behavioral Healthcare



20750
CrossRoads Sexual Assault Response & Resource Center



19512
Crossworks, Inc.



7988
Crowder Environmental Associates, Inc.



26463
Crowley Fleck Attorneys PLLP



26221
Crown Cab Company 



7989
Crown Crafts, Inc.



7990
Crown-Zellerbach



7991
CRP, Inc.



7992
CRSS, Inc.



7993
Crucell



7994
Crucible Materials Corporation



26428
Cruise Lines International Association (CLIA)



7995
Crux BioMedical, Inc.



26417
Crye Precision LLC



7996
CryoLife, Inc.



25115
Cryptobranchid Interest Group



28419
Crystal Coast Choral Society



19792
Crystal Diagnostics



7997
Crystal IS, Inc.



7998
Crystal X-ray Technologies, Inc.



18444
Crystec, Inc



13410
CS Fund



7999
CSA Medical, Inc.



28161
CSA Ocean Sciences, Inc.



22091
CSIR Food Research Institute of Ghana



8000
CSL Behring



13411
CSL Behring Foundation



29016
CSL Limited



28331
CSS-Dynamac



20037
CSSI, Inc.



8003
CST, Inc.



11771
CSU Agriculture Research Initiative



18556
CSU Chico



19151
CSU Fresno Foundation



11773
CSU Institute of Applied Research



13315
CSU Long Beach Foundation



18130
CSU Sacramento State



18132
CSU San Marcos



19305
CSU University Auxiliary Services (UAS)



27628
CT Nassau Corporation



22113
CTI Clinical Trial & Consulting Services



8005
CTI, Inc.



8006
CTL, Inc.



27391
CTM Ventures



26189
CTMG, Inc.



8007
CTR Manufacturing



22275
CU Aerospace



26708
Cu-Tech, LLC



8008
Cubist Pharmaceuticals, Inc.



11005
Cuddy Farms, Inc.



7189
Cullasaja Homeowners Association



17532
Cullowhee Valley School



11006
Culp, Inc.



16040
Cultural Heritage Museum of Kinston



18155
Culture and Heritage Foundation (CHF)



16041
Cumberland Community Action Program (CCAP)



14494
Cumberland Community Foundation



15140
Cumberland County



15141
Cumberland County Arts Council of Fayetteville



18163
Cumberland County Board of Commissioners



15142
Cumberland County Board of Education



16042
Cumberland County Business Council



15143
Cumberland County Department of Health



15144
Cumberland County Department of Social Services



14495
Cumberland County Foundation



15145
Cumberland County Jobs Training Service Center



18164
Cumberland County Joint Planning Board



22689
Cumberland County Public Library



17533
Cumberland County Schools



17828
Cumberland County Smart Start



15146
Cumberland County Workforce Development Center



16912
Cumberland Hospital for Children and Adolescents



18989
Cumberland Pharmaceuticals, Inc.



11867
Cumberland University



11007
Cummins Atlantic, Inc.



8009
Cummins Engine Company, Inc.



22102
Cummins Filtration



24285
CUNY Baruch College



21656
CUNY Center for Metamaterials 



11824
CUNY College of Staten Island



25266
CUNY College of Technology



11825
CUNY Graduate Center



11826
CUNY John Jay College of Criminal Justice



23152
CUNY School of Public Health



20036
Cupron Scientific Ltd



8010
CuraGen Corporation



8011
Curatek Pharmaceuticals Ltd.



24771
Cure Alzheimer's Fund



13412
Cure Autism Now Foundation



17726
Cure CMD



13413
Cure for Lymphoma Foundation



28035
Cure HHT Foundation



20980
CURED (Campaign Urging Research for Eosinophilic Disease) Foundation



19610
Curemark 



28127
CurePSP, Inc.



27961
CureSearch for Children's Cancer



8012
CureTech Limited



29567
Curetis GmbH



8013
Curis, Inc.



23896
Curitiba Bus Rapid Transit System



21489
Curl Bio, LLC



26636
Curoverse, Inc.



18099
Curriculum Advantage, Inc



15147
Currituck County



15148
Currituck County Department of Planning and Inspection



19146
Curry College



22190
Curt C. and Else Silberman Foundation



22742
Curtin University



28151
Curtis Life Research, LLC



26051
Curtis Promislow



18032
Curtis Research Associates, LLC



19507
Curtiss T. Brennan & Mary G. Brennan Foundation



13414
Cushman Foundation for Foraminiferal Research



20859
Custom Ag Solutions



18447
Custom Corrugated Containers, Inc



11008
Custom Molders, Inc.



11009
Custom Polymers



18523
Custom Production Services



21598
Custom Solution Builders, LLC.



27639
Customized Energy Solutions, Ltd.



22595
Cutaneous Lymphoma Foundation



8014
Cutter Biological



8553
CV Therapeutics, Inc.



28834
CVD Productions



19038
CVR Global, Inc.



19421
CVS Caremark



13415
CVS Caremark Charitable Trust



28162
CVS Health Foundation



22951
CyberExtruder.com, Inc.



8015
Cybergraphic Systems, Inc.



22980
CyberKnife Saint Louis University Hospital



8016
Cyberonics, Inc.



8017
Cybex International, Inc.



8018
Cycle Solutions, Inc.



6689
Cycling Research Association



8020
Cyclis Pharmaceuticals, Inc.



29176
CycloPorters, Inc.



24621
Cydan Development, Inc.



11010
Cydecor, Inc.



8021
CyDex Pharmaceuticals, Inc



11417
CyFi Pharmaceutics, Inc.



8022
Cygnus Therapeutic Systems



8023
Cygnus, Inc.



25526
CYNORA GmbH



29959
Cynosure Inc.



29899
Cynosure, Inc.



11012
Cypress Glen Retirement Community



8024
Cypress Pharmaceutical, Inc.



18282
Cypress Semiconductor Corporation



28725
Cyprotex



20070
Cystic Fibrosis Australia (CFA)



13416
Cystic Fibrosis Foundation



13417
Cystic Fibrosis Foundation Therapeutics



28260
Cystic Fibrosis Research, Inc. (CFRI)



8025
Cytec Industries, Inc.



8026
Cytel Corporation



25742
Cytex Therapeutics, Inc



29017
CytImmune Sciences, Inc.



29415
Cytlmmune Sciences, Inc.



26646
CytoDyn, Inc.



28928
Cytogel Pharma, LLC



8328
Cytogen Corporation



19000
Cytokine PharmaSciences, Inc



8027
Cytokinetics, Inc.



26507
Cytometric Sciences LLC



22196
CytoPherx, Inc.



27067
Cytori Therapeutics, Inc.



8028
Cytran, Inc.



8029
CytRx Corporation



8030
Cytyc Corporation



11868
Czech University of Agriculture



11013
CZR, Inc.




Sponsor Not Listed
                    
                Close Window





