










 


 

Da Argentina Recovery Fund Lp raised $8,050,000 on March 26th, 2015































Want to see more?Want to find out who got funded, and who’s funding the next big thing? in real time? all across the world? tailored to your specific areas of focus?100+ deals per dayGet access to the most exhaustive worldwide funding watch on the web!Comprehensive funding informationKnow about who invested in a company, which sites covered the event, the funding history, etc.Exclusive insightsView original analytics such as most dynamic industries, most active investors, and more!Stay aware!Get emailed when deals critical to your business happen. Filter by region, industry and topics of interest.As seen onHave a login?Sign inRegister now!It's free!Use your social accountOr fill in the quick form:Register nowpromise we won't spamSign invia your social account:via your existing WGF account:Remember meRegister, it's freeForgot your password?SIGN INForgot your password?Enter your e-mail and we will send you your new password.reset passwordThe world's largest funding base/deals/329968-da-argentina-recovery-fund-lpsection=deals&subsection=detail&id=329968  




			Search deals by company name, industry, location, investors...			
			




SEARCH


Da Argentina Recovery Fund Lp raised $8,050,000 on March 26th, 2015.Get alertedif Da Argentina Recovery Fund Lp gets funded!Amount:$8,050,000Company:Da Argentina Recovery Fund LpInvestors:-Industry:FinanceCountry:City:Cayman IslandsGrand CaymanKey people:Nasser Ahmad (Executive Officer)Data sources:www.sec.gov - D - DA Argentina Recovery Fund, LP (0001637769) (Filer)Description:In March 26th, 2015, Da Argentina Recovery Fund Lp closed an investment of 8.1M. Da Argentina Recovery Fund Lp is a Finance-specialized enterprise.Please note that all data is automatically extracted and errors can occur.The WhoGotFunded team has not necessarily reviewed the information in this page and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.Inaccurate Data? Help us improve WhoGotFunded: post a comment!

DA Argentina Recovery Fund, LP - List of CEOs, founders and company directors

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











DA Argentina Recovery Fund, LP
List of persons related to the company DA Argentina Recovery Fund, LP. Find out list of CEOs, founders, board members, and company directors of DA Argentina Recovery Fund, LP.

CIK Number: 0001637769IRS Number: 981217352Company address: C/O ASTON CORPORATE MANAGERS, LTD. THE CHARLES BUILDING, PO BOX 1981 GRAND CAYMAN KY1-1104Phone number: 349-949-5586



People related to DA Argentina Recovery Fund, LP
NamePositionStreetCityCountryAhmad  Nasser70 E. 55th Street, 21st Floor New YorkNYAhmad  Nasser70 E. 55th Street 21st FloorNew YorkNY




DA Argentina Recovery Fund, LP on the Web
Related companiesDA Acquisition Co., LLC, DA Auto Group, Inc, DA Brazil Opportunity (Master) Fund, LP, DA Brazil Opportunity Fund (Master), LP, DA Dental, Inc., DA Home Solutions, Ltd., DA InvestA, Ltd., Da Lobsta Group, LLC., DA LOBSTA LLC, Da Vinci Manufacturing & Distribution, Inc., DABBLE INC., Dabo Health, Inc., Dabs Advanced Biotech Solutions LLC, DAC Value Fund, LP, Dacey Holden, LLC












 















The Chemours Company | Home








 
   Close























OUR VISION
We’re committed to becoming a Higher Value Chemistry company.






VALUES
Chemistry powers our company, but values are what guide us. 




SUSTAINABILITY & SAFETY
The future requires safe, responsible, and sustainable chemistry.




LEADERSHIP
Meet the Chemours executive team and board of directors. 






TIMELINE
Our company has been making history for over 200 years.




GLOBAL REACH
Research, support, and production sites serve customers worldwide. 




The Future of Chemistry
Read how we fuel tomorrow’s world through our chemistry.








TITANIUM TECHNOLOGIES
Chemours is the world's largest producer of titanium dioxide.


Ti-Pure™ One Coat Systems
Coatings Applications
Ti-Pure™ Select TS-6300
Ti-Pure™ Select TS-6200
Ti-Pure™ R-902+ for Versatility
Ti-Pure™ R-706 for Flexibility

View more products >





FLUOROPRODUCTS
Chemours is a leading producer of fluoroproducts.


Opteon™ YF Mobile Refrigerant
Opteon™ Stationary Refrigerants
Teflon EcoElite™ for Fabrics
Teflon™ Brand Consumer Applications
Krytox™ Lubricants
Nafion™ membranes and dispersions
Viton™ Fluoroelastomers

View more products >





CHEMICAL SOLUTIONS
Chemours is a leader in safe, efficient industrial chemicals production.


Sodium Cyanide for Mining
Glypure™ Glycolic Acid
Vazo™ Chemical Initiators
Methylamine Chemical Intermediates
Aniline Industrial Chemicals
Glyclean™ for SemiConductors

View more products >








COOLER SOLUTIONS HIT THE ROAD
Opteon™ YF refrigerants give vehicle air conditioners an eco-friendly boost.






PURE WHITE, PURE PERFORMANCE
Ti-Pure™ pigments boost durability, energy efficiency, and economy.




THE LOGISTICS OF CYANIDE
Sodium cyanide improves the safety and reliability of gold production.




A PAINT FORMULA FOR HIDING POWER
Special Ti-Pure™ TiO2 formulas offer high pigmentation for one-coat painting.






INNOVATIONS THAT CHANGED THE WORLD
Teflon™ coatings inspire product improvements everywhere.




THE COLD CHAIN JOURNEY
Opteon™ XP mobile refrigerants lower the GWP of transit from farm to fork.




MAXIMIZING PERFORMANCE
Viton™ fluoroelastomers withstand harsh environments.









NYSE: cc



Price delayed 20 minutes




STOCK PERFORMANCE
Updated stock quote and chart, trading data, and historical price information.






INVESTOR NEWS
Updates, information, and business news for investors.




CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
Governance documents, committees, management, and board information.




FILINGS & REPORTS
SEC filings, Form 10, and other financial reports.






EVENTS & PRESENTATIONS
Upcoming and past events, and business presentations.




INVESTOR RESOURCES
Answers to frequently asked questions about investing in Chemours.










































Our Company


Our Vision


VALUES


The Future Of Chemistry


Sustainability & Safety


Timeline


GLOBAL REACH


LEADERSHIP


Businesses & Products


TITANIUM TECHNOLOGIES


FLUOROPRODUCTS


CHEMICAL SOLUTIONS


Application Development


Investor Relations


STOCK PERFORMANCE


FILINGS & REPORTS


INVESTOR NEWS


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


INVESTOR RESOURCES





Contact Us
News Media Center
Join Our Team
FAQs





























Tailoring Our Global Products to Meet Local Needs
The products we make are building blocks that our customers adapt in vastly different ways across local markets worldwide.

SEE HOW



















Titanium Technologies
The world's largest producer of titanium dioxide, making Ti-Pure™ products for coatings, plastics, laminates, and paper.


















Fluoroproducts
A leading maker of fluoroproducts, including Teflon™ fluoropolymers, Viton™ fluoroelastomers, Krytox™ lubricants, and Opteon™ refrigerants.


















Chemical Solutions
A leader in the safe and efficient production of industrial chemicals, including sodium cyanide for mining, Glypure™ glycolic acid, and Vazo™ chemical initiators.













Chemours News
Chemours News











Company Vision

A vision for Higher Value Chemistry.
We are focused on becoming a Higher Value Chemistry company, improving the quality of life for billions of people worldwide.
Our Vision










Application Development

Shaping markets, defining industries, changing lives.

                Applying chemistry makes ordinary things extraordinary.  See how it enables new products and new ways of doing business for our customers.
            
Our Chemistry










Stewardship & Sustainability

The smaller the footprint, the bigger the impact.

                Keeping cool with low global warming potential (GWP) refrigerants. Adding hiding power while using less paint. Learn how more sustainable chemistry acts as a catalyst for better.
            
Our Approach










Investor Relations

A $6 billion startup with over 200 years of experience.

                Introducing a new chemical industry leader, created from the DuPont Performance Chemicals businesses. Chemours focuses on delivering business applications to customers in over 130 countries.
            
Our Focus






Our Brands





Teflon™ 

A market leader in thousands of uses, from nonstick cookware to cell phone antennas.



Ti-Pure™   

Pure white TiO2 pigments for coatings, plastics, laminates, and paper.




Opteon™  

Low global warming potential refrigerants for air conditioning and refrigeration.



Krytox™  

Long lasting lubricants that can brave extreme temperatures and environments.





Viton™  

Seals and gaskets that resist extremes of heat, cold, and exposure to harsh chemicals.




Nafion™ 

The premier choice for second-to-none power output and durability in the fuel cell industry.



Freon™

A specialized refrigerant for low-temperature applications such as medical freezers.


















OWL CREEK ARGENTINA RECOVERY FUND, L.P. Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      OWL CREEK ARGENTINA RECOVERY FUND, L.P.
                    

•   NEW YORK, NY
                          • Hedge Fund
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             OWL Creek Argentina Recovery Fund is based out of New York.    The firm last filed a Form D notice of exempt offering of securities on 2015-10-07. The filing was for a pooled investment fund:  hedge fund The notice  included securities offered of Pooled Investment Fund Interests
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)
Form D 2



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from OWL CREEK ARGENTINA RECOVERY FUND, L.P., enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




owl creek argentina recovery fund, l.p.


640 FIFTH AVENUE

NEW YORK
NY
                                                        
                                                    10019


                                                      Business Phone:
                                                      212-688-2550







Recent SEC Filings




D/A filed on 10/07/2015
D filed on 10/07/2014
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...



Form D Filings

  Form D is a form to be used to file a notice of an exempt offering of securities with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
  Form D contains basic information about the offering and the company.


Form D Filings


Filing Date
Form Type
Industry Group
Securities Offered
Total Offering Amount
Total Amount Sold
Total Remaining




2015-10-07
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
156,000,000
INDEFINITE


2014-10-07
D
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
148,000,000
INDEFINITE




Other Issuers in Filings


Name
Address





  No Other Issuers
  




Related Parties included in filings


Name
Address
Relationship




-   OWL CREEK ADVISORS, LLC

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
          PROMOTER
      



-   OWL CREEK ASSET MANAGEMENT, L.P.

          subscription required
    


          PROMOTER
      



JEFFREY A.  ALTMAN

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
      











Elevate your investments
Try it for free




















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Argentina - Regional News

   
















  




































X












&times















&times















&times















&times
















Latin America
Argentina






		    	                 
            Argentina suspends capital gains tax for foreigners ahead of reforms
			                 
Thursday, 20 Jul 2017 |  4:39  PM ET
BUENOS AIRES, July 20- Argentina on Thursday suspended a tax on foreigners' capital gains, just two days after it had been announced, after market participants complained the surprise move was inconsistent with President Mauricio Macri's pro-market agenda. In a notice in Argentina's official gazette on Thursday, tax collection agency AFIP said the 13.5...


		    	                 
            UPDATE 1-China c.bank extends currency swap agreement with Argentina
			                 
Tuesday, 18 Jul 2017 | 10:45  AM ET
HONG KONG/ BUENOS AIRES, July 18- China's central bank said on Tuesday it has extended a bilateral swap agreement with Argentina with both countries signing a 70 billion yuan swap deal for another three years. Argentina's former President Cristina Fernandez first inked a swap agreement with China in 2009 as a means of boosting dwindling reserves her...


		    	                 
            Argentina's Macri boosts mortgage credits to win back middle class
			                 
Monday, 17 Jul 2017 |  8:00  AM ET
BUENOS AIRES, July 17- Argentina's new subsidized mortgage scheme is gathering steam, boosting construction activity and winning over the middle class ahead of mid-term elections in October that will determine the future of President Mauricio Macri's market-friendly agenda.  "For the middle class, which is large, all this spurs the economy and generates...
 




 


		    	                 
            Brazil needs aggressive reforms to escape corruption crisis: Pro   
			                 
Thursday, 13 Jul 2017 |  1:00  AM ET
Juan Sartori, founder and chairman at Union Group, discusses the 10-year jail sentence for former Brazilian President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva.


		    	                 
            RPT-Tariff fight roils ArgentinaGÇÖs shale patch as Macri opens trade
			                 
Wednesday, 12 Jul 2017 |  7:00  AM ET
BUENOS AIRES, July 12- Argentina needs oil rigs to develop its vast shale oil and gas resources. But moving that machinery from the plains of Texas to the windswept Patagonian desert is proving complex and costly for global oil majors who say Argentina's protectionist past is slowing efforts to spark its own shale revolution. A move by Argentina's government to...


		    	                 
            Tariff fight roils ArgentinaGÇÖs shale patch as Macri opens trade
			                 
Wednesday, 12 Jul 2017 |  1:00  AM ET
BUENOS AIRES, July 12- Argentina needs oil rigs to develop its vast shale oil and gas resources. But moving that machinery from the plains of Texas to the windswept Patagonian desert is proving complex and costly for global oil majors who say Argentina's protectionist past is slowing efforts to spark its own shale revolution. A move by Argentina's government to...


		    	                 
            POLL-LatAm currency outlook improves after rosier start to 2017
			                 
Thursday,  6 Jul 2017 |  7:58  AM ET
That was especially true in Mexico, where the peso has outperformed all other emerging-market currencies as fears over a U.S. trade war waned. Brazil bucked the trend as a political crisis continued to threaten President Michel Temer's grip on power. Analysts, who were expecting a rockier year for Latin American currencies, did not anticipate the recovery in...


		    	                 
            Highland Capital to buy, expand Argentina fund
			                 
Wednesday,  5 Jul 2017 |  7:23  PM ET
July 5- Dallas- based Highland Capital Management LP is set to buy and expand an Argentina- focused hedge fund previously managed by Argentine fund firm MBA Asset Management, according to a person familiar with the situation. The fund currently has assets under management of $80 million, but the person said that figure could increase to between $400 million and...
 



  


		    	                 
            China private equity player GSR eyes stake in $9 billion Chilean lithium miner SQM: Sources
			                 
Wednesday,  5 Jul 2017 |  3:40  AM ET
China private-equity firm GSR Capital aimed to buy as much as 20 percent of SQM, one of the world's biggest lithium producers, sources said.


		    	                 
            Argentina 2017 inflation seen at 21.6 pct, above central bank target
			                 
Tuesday,  4 Jul 2017 |  6:18  PM ET
BUENOS AIRES, July 4- Median inflation expectations for Argentina in 2017 held steady at 21.6 percent, unchanged from a month earlier and well above the central bank's target range of 12 percent to 17 percent, a poll of 54 economists published by the bank showed on Tuesday. Argentina's President Mauricio Macri is seeking to show signs that the economy is...


		    	                 
            EXCLUSIVE-China's COFCO likely to sit out global grains race as it digests acquisitions
			                 
Monday, 26 Jun 2017 |  6:19  AM ET
*Group's debt rises to over $7 billion. *COFCO gaining ground in South America. LONDON/ BEIJING/ BUENOS AIRES, June 26- As the world trade in farm commodities faces a shake-up, one the groups widely expected to play a leading role- China's COFCO- will probably have sit out the industry consolidation after all.


		    	                 
            UPDATE 2-Argentina's YPF says technology lowering its shale costs
			                 
Friday, 23 Jun 2017 |  2:20  PM ET
The breakeven price at the Loma Campana field is $43 per barrel and falling while development costs are $12.90 per barrel and expected to fall to $10 next year, said Pablo Bizzotto, executive manager at YPF's unconventional resources unit.  "Ten dollars is world-class compared with the Permian" shale field in Texas, he told reporters this week during a tour of...


		    	                 
            Chile's new low-cost airline JetSmart plans to sell $1.50 tickets
			                 
Thursday, 22 Jun 2017 |  2:24  PM ET
SANTIAGO, June 22- JetSmart, a low-cost airline set to launch this year in Chile, said on Thursday it will offer one-way tickets for less than $2, as the nation's passenger air market becomes increasingly competitive.  "We will have 30,000 tickets for 1,000 pesos per one-way trip plus taxes, to fly within Chile... in 2017," JetSmart, owned by Indigo Partners, an...


		    	                 
            Argentina's taste for veal complicates beef exporting ambition
			                 
Thursday, 22 Jun 2017 | 11:02  AM ET
BUENOS AIRES, June 22- Argentina's taste for beef from young calves- viewed as the most tender- is discouraging producers from raising the heavier cattle needed to restore the country's position as a top global beef exporter. The average weight of a slaughtered animal in Argentina in 2016 was 226 kg per animal, compared with 280 kg and 360 kg in competitors...


		    	                 
            UPDATE 1-Investors look toward further Argentina reforms after MSCI snub
			                 
Wednesday, 21 Jun 2017 |  5:33  PM ET
BUENOS AIRES/ NEW YORK, June 21- The surprise decision by benchmark investment index provider MSCI to not promote Argentina to its emerging markets stock index could delay much-needed investment in the country, showing that President Mauricio Macri's reform agenda is still far from complete, investors said on Wednesday.  "The real damage that the MSCI's...


		    	                 
            Argentina stocks tumble, peso hits record low on MSCI snub
			                 
Wednesday, 21 Jun 2017 | 12:46  PM ET
BUENOS AIRES/ NEW YORK, June 21- Argentine stocks tumbled and the countrys peso currency fell to a record low on Wednesday, a day after index provider MSCI surprised investors by not promoting the country to its emerging markets index. Argentina's benchmark Merval stock index slumped 5 percent, while the peso currency dropped as much as 2 percent to 16.47 per...
 



  


		    	                 
            Argentina misses out on MSCI upgrade but pins hopes on its century-bond sale
			                 
Wednesday, 21 Jun 2017 |  8:28  AM ET
Argentina's recent foray into the bond market with a century-bond has a number of market analysts debating whether this is a good move from a country that is still reeling from past defaults. 
 




 


		    	                 
            MSCI decisions: How should you invest?   
			                 
Tuesday, 20 Jun 2017 | 10:25  PM ET
Investors should look beyond the middle income economies making up the bulk of the MSCI EM indexes for higher growth, says Jay Jacobs, Global X Funds.
 



  


		    	                 
            China finally gets long sought-after endorsement as MSCI adds stocks to emerging markets index
			                 
Tuesday, 20 Jun 2017 |  5:09  PM ET
The review is the fourth straight year MSCI has considered adding the mainland-traded stocks, known as A shares in China.
 



  


		    	                 
            Hidden trove of suspected Nazi artifacts found in Argentina
			                 
Tuesday, 20 Jun 2017 | 10:36  AM ET
Police believe they have found the biggest collection of Nazi artifacts in the country's history, consisting of some 75 objects.





« First


Next » | 
					Last »
















































































DA Argentina Recovery Fund LP | Company Profile from Hoover’s - D&B Hoovers








































































Menu









Buy Reports & Lists
How It Works




United States
United Kingdom



(855) 891-0791


Login
















Company
People
Industry





Search D&B Hoovers: Company | People | Industry








Login





Avention OneSource is now D&B Hoovers. Login here for access to D&B Hoovers, D&B DataVision, D&B Business Browser and iSell
Login







For customers of Hoovers prior to March 1, 2017.
Login




















Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial








Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial




















Search the D&B Hoovers Database

Company

Company
People
Industry

















Home
                >Company Information
                >Company Search
                >Company Overview - Profile


















Company Profile


Information For


Sales Preparation


Revenue & Financial


Available Products


Investment Firms Industry Report

















DA Argentina Recovery Fund LPCompany Information

C/O: Aston Corporate Managers, LtdGeorge Town, Grand Cayman,  Cayman Islandsnull †



Unlock more access to Hoover’s!

Build customized email lists 24/7, based on your best customer profile.
Learn more about the companies you want to sell to. Hoover’s has reports on 85+ million companies and 900 industries. 65,000 data points are updated each day. 
Get real insight written by real people – exclusive research and reviews by our in-house Editorial staff.
We can deliver our data to your desktop, to Excel, direct to your CRM, into your custom app, or via mobile. 


Request Your Free Trial

Call (866) 473-3932 today to get started with a FREE TRIAL!
 



 

DA Argentina Recovery Fund LP Company Profile
Holding companies, nec, nsk
† Some telephone numbers on the Hoover’s site may be on a country’s do not call or do not contact list including, but not limited to, the United Kingdom’s CTPS or TPS registers. It is a legal requirement that companies do not make sales or marketing calls to registered numbers. These are central opt out registers whereby corporate subscribers and individuals can register their preference not to receive unsolicited sales and marketing telephone calls. By using the information provided on the Hoover’s sites, as the direct marketer you represent and warrant that you will use such information in compliance with all applicable local, state, national or international laws and regulations, including any local do not call registers or marketing regulations, and agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Dun & Bradstreet and each of its affiliates in the event your use violates such laws and regulations.

Additional DA Argentina Recovery Fund LP Information

Sales Preparation

Get relevant industry context to prepare for your next sales call – trends, competitors, news, call prep questions, and more.



Credit Management & Finance

Determine and track a company’s financial condition.




Related Tags

George Town, Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands
Investment Firms







































FREE Alerts to Changes in Your D&B® Credit Scores!* Sign Up.
Get CreditSignal® for FREE!*












Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days! Get Started.
Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days





















 




Highland Funds | James Dondero














































































Highland Capital
Affiliates

NexPoint Advisors
NexPoint Capital
NexPoint Residential Trust
NexPoint Multifamily Capital Trust
Highland Brasil
ACIS Capital Management


FINRA’s BrokerCheck
Log In
























James Dondero
CFA, CMA – Co-Founder, President
       
As co-founder and president of Highland Capital Management, James Dondero, who resides in Dallas TX, currently oversees Highland’s investment strategies and operations for both retail and institutional products at Highland. Mr. Dondero’s experience in credit markets spans three decades and includes being one of the original pioneers of the Collateralized Loan Obligation (CLO).
Funds associated with Mr. Dondero’s management have received numerous accolades and awards throughout his career, including Morningstar’s 5-star designation for Global Allocation in 2014, the Lipper Award for Floating Rate Opportunities in 2014, and Morningstar’s #1 ranked Healthcare Long/Short Equity Fund in 2014.
Before Highland, Mr. Dondero was the chief investment officer for Protective Life’s GIC subsidiary, growing the business from startup to $2 billion within a span of five years. Prior to Protective Life, Mr. Dondero managed approximately $1 billion in fixed income funds for American Express.
James Dondero is a graduate of the University of Virginia with an emphasis in accounting and finance. Mr. Dondero is a Certified Management Accountant (CMA), and has earned the right to use the Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) designation.
Additionally, Mr. Dondero serves on the Board of Directors for both MGM Studios and American Banknote. He is also Chairman of the Board for NexBank, Cornerstone Healthcare and CCS Medical Corporation.



RECENT NEWS & ANNOUNCEMENTS


Jim Dondero, Highland Capital Management Partner with The Dallas Foundation to Enhance Philanthropy Program in the Dallas Community




June 15, 2017 – The Dallas Foundation – James “Jim” Dondero is Co-founder and President of Highland Capital Management, a Dallas-based alternative investment firm. Jim brings the same proactive, high-conviction approach that he uses as an investor to his charitable giving activities. While Highland is a global firm, Jim proudly focuses the bulk of his charitable giving locally…




Making Bold Bets on Alternative Investments—and Winning




March 25, 2017 – Barron’s – Highland Capital’s Dondero says his strength is thinking through debt deals, turnarounds, and trends. Jim Dondero’s bio paints an imposing picture. An early investor in collateralized loan obligations, he parlayed successes in fixed income into a $15 billion alternative-asset powerhouse…




Fund that almost tripled the S&P 500’s gain last year is now big on health-care stocks




February 2, 2017  – MarketWatch – The Highland Small Cap Equity Fund made a killing on energy stocks in 2016, generating a 32% return for investors. Michael Gregory, whose energy-stock picks helped the Highland Small Cap Equity Fund almost triple the return of the S&P 500 Index last year, now says the out-of-favor health-care sector could stage a “tremendous rebound” in 2017….




James Dondero Joins Southern Methodist University Cox School of Business Board




November 2, 2016  – Co-founder and President of Highland Capital Management Expands Commitment to University, City. James Dondero, co-founder and president of Dallas-based asset management firm Highland Capital Management, L.P., has been appointed to the Executive Board of the Southern Methodist University (SMU) Cox School of Business…




James Dondero Announces $1 Million Challenge Grant from Highland Capital Management to Finish The Family Place’s $16.5 Million Capital Campaign




October 7, 2016 – Dallas-Based Domestic Agency’s Ann Moody Place Will Serve 2,000 Victims Annually. James Dondero, co-founder and president of Highland Capital Management, L.P., announced this week that the firm has awarded a $1 million challenge grant to help The Family Place, Dallas’ leading organization supporting victims of family violence, raise the final $2.8 million for its Legacy Campaign in the next six months…




JUST IN: A Million-Dollar Challenge Was Just Served Up At The Family Place’s Texas Trailblazer Awards Luncheon




October 4, 2017 – MySweetCharity – One of the ultimate great dishes served up at a fundraising luncheon is a big buckaroo challenge. And that’s what just happened at The Family Place’s 21st Texas Trailblazer Awards Luncheon in the Hilton Anatole’s Chantilly Ballroom. Highland Capital Management’s Co-Founder/President James Dondero just announced that “the firm has awarded a $1-million challenge grant to help The Family Place raise the final $2.8 million for its Legacy Campaign in the next six months.”…




James Dondero Teams Up with Dallas Civic Leader Linda Owen to Expand Highland Capital Management, L.P.’s Charitable Giving




June 8, 2016 – Owen Joins Highland Capital as Charitable Giving Manager Through The Dallas Foundation. James Dondero, co-founder and president of Dallas-based asset management firm Highland Capital Management, L.P., has teamed up with Linda Owen, Dallas civic leader and former president of The Woodall Rodgers Park Foundation, to provide strategic direction to Highland’s philanthropic activities as the firm’s charitable giving program continues to expand…




Tweets 







SummaryName James Dondero Nickname  (Jim Dondero )Job Title  Co-Founder, President 

































DA Argentina Recovery Fund LP | Revenue and Financial Reports - D&B Hoovers








































































Menu









Buy Reports & Lists
How It Works




United States
United Kingdom



(855) 891-0791


Login
















Company
People
Industry





Search D&B Hoovers: Company | People | Industry








Login





Avention OneSource is now D&B Hoovers. Login here for access to D&B Hoovers, D&B DataVision, D&B Business Browser and iSell
Login







For customers of Hoovers prior to March 1, 2017.
Login




















Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial








Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial




















Search the D&B Hoovers Database

Company

Company
People
Industry

















Home
                >Company Information
                >Company Search
                >Company Overview - Revenue & Financial Data

















Company Profile


Information For


Sales Preparation


Revenue & Financial


Available Products


Investment Firms Industry Report















DA Argentina Recovery Fund LP Revenue and Financial Data
Holding companies, nec, nsk







Financials Information for DA Argentina Recovery Fund LP

        Track this company’s financial condition.
Request Your Free Trial




Income Statement
Credit Rating







Income Statement (mil)




Revenue


Gross Profit


Operating Income


Net Income


Diluted EPS







Credit Rating







 Need to go deeper? No problem.  Save time with complex financial data at your fingertips Access financial statements, SEC filings, earnings estimates, and more Call (866) 473-3932 to talk to a Business Information Consultant    Request Your Free Trial    


































FREE Alerts to Changes in Your D&B® Credit Scores!* Sign Up.
Get CreditSignal® for FREE!*












Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days! Get Started.
Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days















































































Highland Is Buying Lazard's Argentine Fund - Bloomberg






























































  
















Highland Is Buying Lazard's Argentine Fund
By Andres R Martinez
        
@Amartinez28R
More stories by Andres R Martinez





July 5, 2017, 12:46 PM EDT



July 5, 2017, 7:56 PM EDT










                Could double equity holdings to 40% on midterm elections
            



                Portfolio may rise to as much as $500 million from $80 million
            



Highland Capital Management LP is buying an Argentine fund previously run by MBA Lazard and plans to expand the assets under management as the local stock market continues to reach records.The Dallas-based asset manager will buy the $80 million fund formerly managed by MBA Lazard and increase the size to between $400 million and $500 million, according to a person with knowledge of the deal, who asked not to be named because it is private. Highland will wait for midterm elections in October before shifting the Argentine funds holdings to as much as 40 percent equity from 20 percent now, and keep the rest in fixed income, the person said. The former MBA Lazard fund is made up of institutional investors, mostly family offices, based in Europe, the person said.Lazard, which had a 50-50 venture with MBA previously, purchased the remaining 50 percent in October. The fund which Highland is purchasing, was not included in that deal.








Andres Pitchon, the senior portfolio manager, and two more junior staffers in the former MBA Lazard fund will join Highland, the person said. The company manages about $9 billion in assets. Highland spokeswoman Lucy Bannon declined to comment.Highland is setting up an office in Argentina as it bets that President Mauricio Macri’s Cambiemos coalition will do well enough in October mid-term elections to continue turning around the policies of former president Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner, which isolated the country from debt markets and discouraged foreign investment. Fernandez is running for a senate seat for Buenos Aires province.Fernandez Return?Despite the potential for Fernandez’s election and return to the presidency in 2019, Highland still sees value in Argentine stocks that are rated frontier by MSCI Inc., according to the person. Highland previously did business in Argentina during Fernandez’s administration in 2014, buying bonds due in 2033, which rallied ahead of Macri’s election in 2015.




Highland President and co-founder Jim Dondero said as recently as March 2016 he was interested in opening a fund in Argentina.Argentina’s Merval Index has soared 33 percent this year to a record, while Brazil’s Bovespa has gained 5 percent.







                        The most important business stories of the day.
                    

                        Get Bloomberg's daily newsletter.
                    





                                    Sign Up
                            















The biggest risk is inflation, which is still far from the central bank’s target of 12 percent to 17 percent even after slowing from a high of 47 percent last year to about 24 percent in the first quarter. Argentina is also experiencing a choppy economic recovery after a recession, with consumer demand still falling. That hasn’t stopped debt investors, who oversubscribed for Argentina’s first ever 100-year bond last month.(A previous version of this story incorrectly said that Highland was purchasing the fund from Lazard.)— With assistance by Katia Porzecanski, and Daniel Cancel(Corrects to say throughout that fund was owned by previous joint venture between MBA and Lazard.)



Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.

LEARN MORE












Most Read


Jeff Bezos Briefly Tops Bill Gates as the World's Richest Person


Rolls-Royce Unveils Its Grandest Car Yet, the Phantom VIII


Here Come the Tesla Model 3s ... and a Few Surprises


Libor Funeral Set for 2021 as FCA Abandons Scandal-Tarred Rate


Singapore and Hong Kong's Airport Dominance Is Under Threat
















































 

Da Argentina Recovery Fund Lp - Funding history, company info, news ...































Want to see more?Want to find out who got funded, and who’s funding the next big thing? in real time? all across the world? tailored to your specific areas of focus?100+ deals per dayGet access to the most exhaustive worldwide funding watch on the web!Comprehensive funding informationKnow about who invested in a company, which sites covered the event, the funding history, etc.Exclusive insightsView original analytics such as most dynamic industries, most active investors, and more!Stay aware!Get emailed when deals critical to your business happen. Filter by region, industry and topics of interest.As seen onHave a login?Sign inRegister now!It's free!Use your social accountOr fill in the quick form:Register nowpromise we won't spamSign invia your social account:via your existing WGF account:Remember meRegister, it's freeForgot your password?SIGN INForgot your password?Enter your e-mail and we will send you your new password.reset passwordThe world's largest funding base/companies/190860-da-argentina-recovery-fund-lpsection=companies&subsection=detail&id=190860  




			Search deals by company name, industry, location, investors...			
			




SEARCH


Da Argentina Recovery Fund LpCompany DetailsGet alertedif Da Argentina Recovery Fund Lp gets funded!Da Argentina Recovery Fund LpFunding history Key peopleCountry:City:Cayman IslandsGrand CaymanIndustry:Finance Funding history DateDeal sizeInvestors March 26th, 2015$8,050,000-View DealCreate alertManage your alerts in accountWant to know when Da Argentina Recovery Fund Lp gets funded?Key peopleNasser AhmadExecutive OfficerPlease note that all data is automatically extracted and errors can occur.The WhoGotFunded team has not necessarily reviewed the information in this page and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.Inaccurate Data? Help us improve WhoGotFunded: post a comment!