










 







DAD/SALT LAKE CITY, LP - Pooled Investment Fund- Buddemeyer  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









DAD/SALT LAKE CITY, LP

      Industry: Pooled Investment Fund
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    255 Alhambra Circle Suite 760 
    Coral Gables, FL, 33134Phone: (305) 500-9998 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-12-08


New


Yet to Sell


$0


Equity Only


06c 3C 3C.5


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 David Buddemeyer 
 Executive 


 Gp, Llc Dad/Salt Lake City 
 Director, Executive 


 Development L.P. Driftwood Acquisition & 
 Director, Executive 


 Carlos J. Rodriguez 
 Director, Executive 


 Carlos Rodriguez, Jr. 
 Executive 












Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














DAD/SALT LAKE CITY, LP - List of CEOs, founders and company directors

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











DAD/SALT LAKE CITY, LP
List of persons related to the company DAD/SALT LAKE CITY, LP. Find out list of CEOs, founders, board members, and company directors of DAD/SALT LAKE CITY, LP.

CIK Number: 0001691870IRS Number: 812958348Company address: 255 ALHAMBRA CIRCLE SUITE 760 CORAL GABLES 33134Phone number: (305) 500-9998



People related to DAD/SALT LAKE CITY, LP
NamePositionStreetCityCountryJ. Rodriguez  Carlos255 Alhambra Circle Suite 760Coral GablesFLJ. Rodriguez, Jr.  Carlos255 Alhambra Circle Suite 760Coral GablesFLBuddemeyer  David255 Alhambra Circle Suite 760Coral GablesFLDevelopment L.P.  Driftwood Acquisition &255 Alhambra Circle Suite 760Coral GablesFLGP, LLC  DAD/SALT LAKE CITY255 Alhambra Circle Suite 760Coral GablesFL




DAD/SALT LAKE CITY, LP on the Web












 








DHM Salt Lake City Hotel Lessee LP: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























dhm salt lake city hotel lessee lp
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Consumer Discretionary
Industry: Gaming, Lodging & Restaurants
Sub-Industry: Lodging
DHM Salt Lake City Hotel Lessee, LP was founded in 2008. The Company's line of business includes operating public hotels and motels.




Corporate Information
Address:

11770 North US Highway 1
Suite 202
North Palm Beach, FL 33408
United States


Phone:
1-801-401-2000


Fax:
-























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data




































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









         LD Products Reviews and Store Ratings | Bizrate                                                      Suggestions        shop by categories            Appliances Automotive Babies & Kids Books & Magazines Clothing & Accessories  Computers & Software DVDs & Videos Digital Cameras Electronics Furniture  Gifts, Flowers & Food Health & Beauty Home & Garden Jewelry & Watches Laptop Computers  Music Musical Instruments Office Supplies Pet Supplies Sports Equipment  Toys & Games Video Games Women's Shoes  see all categories            Home › Store Ratings › LD Products      LD Products Reviews and Store Ratings | Bizrate   LD Products Reviews                 Most Current Certification:  07/27/2017       LD Products Ratings and User Reviews. LD Products is rated 9.3 out of 10 from 1960 reviews. Last rated on 07/27/2017.    LD Products - Ink cartridge and inkjet refills offers new OEM, compatible, and remanufactured inkjet cartridges as well as InkTec ink refill kits and laser toner cartridges.        2016 Platinum Circle of Excellence   11 years               LD Products Rating             More About LD Products         Overall Satisfaction:     9.3 out of 10  Would Shop Here Again:     9.4 out of 10  Likelihood To Recommend:     9.3 out of 10            Overall Rating           Past 3 Months           Past Month         Positive 81% 82%     Neutral 15% 14%      Negative 4% 4%          Ease of Finding What You Are Looking For:         9.1 out of 10   Design of Site:         8.9 out of 10   Satisfaction With Checkout:         9.2 out of 10   Product Selection:         9.2 out of 10   Clarity of Product Information:         9.2 out of 10   Charges Stated Clearly:         9.5 out of 10   Price Relative To Other Online Retailers:         9.1 out of 10   Shipping Charges:         8.9 out of 10   Variety of Shipping Options:         8.9 out of 10         On-Time Delivery:         9.6 out of 10   Order Tracking:         9.5 out of 10   Product Met Expectations:         9.3 out of 10   Customer Support:         9.2 out of 10   Product Availability:         9.6 out of 10   Returns Process:         8.6 out of 10                Recent Reviews for LD Products  Showing 1 - 20 of 1960 Reviews                         Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:   Full ratings for this review »                Online Shopper                           Jul 27, 2017            Well Done !                                 Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:   Full ratings for this review »                Online Shopper                           Jul 27, 2017            I like your company but the billing address shipping address part was horrible.                                 Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:   Full ratings for this review »                Brad                           Jul 27, 2017            I'm not sure yet, but I'm hoping that the remanufactured ink cartridges work well. If so, I will return to buy many more.                                 Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:   Full ratings for this review »                grandmaB                           Jul 27, 2017            A friend told me about LD Products some time ago and I went online and submitted an order.  Am nearly out of ink so I am reordering and really like the fact that this order is costing less than my first order due to a % off and free shipping. Your prices are much lower than the big box stores. I am on Social Security and this discount  really helps.Thank You!                                 Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:   Full ratings for this review »                Online Shopper                           Jul 27, 2017            I only hope that I have only one order coming.                                 Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:   Full ratings for this review »                Tom                           Jul 27, 2017            The process is made a bit more confusing by a plethora of options for a specific type of cartridge which are virtually indistinguishable. A bit more definition would be helpful                                 Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:   Full ratings for this review »                Paradigmpi                           Jul 27, 2017            I really like your inks - have used your brother inks for about 10 years and have found them EXCELLENT.                                 Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:   Full ratings for this review »                Di                           Jul 27, 2017            Review of product is yet to be determined - 1st time use                                 Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:   Full ratings for this review »                jim                           Jul 27, 2017            my 1st order.   we will see how it goes.........                                 Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:   Full ratings for this review »                               Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:               On Time Delivery:               Customer Support:    Full ratings for this review »                naklab                           Jul 13, 2017            The price is very reasonable, yet they seem to run out of ink fast.                   Jul 27, 2017  I did not realize how bad my first replacements were when I ordered a 2nd set. I now know they are not very good or my first order was ok. I really do not know. I learned a  lesson. Regards, Tiothy Balkan.                                 Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:   Full ratings for this review »                Online Shopper                           Jul 27, 2017            It was very annoying having the ads keep popping up while trying to order.                                 Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:   Full ratings for this review »                dave                           Jul 27, 2017            It is always fast convenient and the best quality and prices anywhere on the internet!I highly recommend this company!                                 Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:   Full ratings for this review »                Online Shopper                           Jul 27, 2017            I like the prices but I wish there were more high yield option on the ink                                 Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:   Full ratings for this review »                Online Shopper                           Jul 27, 2017            Always pleased with LD and their products!                                 Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:   Full ratings for this review »                               Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:               On Time Delivery:               Customer Support:    Full ratings for this review »                Pat                           Jul 20, 2017                            Jul 27, 2017  Goof Product                                 Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:   Full ratings for this review »                bob                           Jul 27, 2017            best value available                                 Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:   Full ratings for this review »                Online Shopper                           Jul 27, 2017            Satisfied with product and delivery of product                                 Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:   Full ratings for this review »                Online Shopper                           Jul 27, 2017            I've already recommended LD to several friends - one of which I know has ordered from you.                                 Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:   Full ratings for this review »                kurtbebe                           Jul 27, 2017            Good prices.  Quality merchandise.                                 Overall Rating:               Would Shop Here Again:               Likelihood To Recommend:   Full ratings for this review »                Steven                           Jul 27, 2017            Excellent and very nice...                   «   1   2   3   4   5   »       Store Ratings and Reviews Store Overview Store Detailed Ratings        About Connexity Store Ratings Top Products Circle of Excellence Winners Sitemap Ad Opt Out  Ad Choices        Stores are responsible for providing Bizrate with correct and current prices. Sales taxes and shipping costs are estimates; please check store for exact amounts. Product specifications are obtained from merchants or third parties. Although we make every effort to present accurate information, Bizrate is not responsible for inaccuracies. We encourage you to notify us of any discrepancies by clicking here.  Store ratings and product reviews are submitted by online shoppers; they do not reflect our opinions and we have no responsibility for their content.     Privacy Policy User Agreement © 2017 Connexity, Inc. / Bizrate is a division of Connexity, Inc.      Sign up for Bizrate Emails to save cash, plus  a chance to win our Daily Cash Giveaway!      We don't share email addresses. Official Rules                 X              


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Hardwoods Specialty Products US LP                                                                                       - Salt Lake City                                    , UT         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



UT



Salt Lake City



Lumber, Plywood, and Millwork



Wholesale - Lumber: Rough, Dressed, And Finished



                            Hardwoods Specialty Products US LP
                                    



 





















H 


Hardwoods Specialty Products US LP                                                                                      
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



1776 S 4130 W SALT LAKE CITY, UT 84104
Get Directions



(801) 972-4215
www.hardwoods-inc.com                                                                                   





Business Info



 Founded --
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue --
 Employee Count 6
 Industries Wholesale - Lumber: Rough, Dressed, And Finished
 Contacts Matt McNichols                                                                                                          







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message










VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







H

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.





















Utah Blues Festival 2017 - Saturday June 17th, 2017


























































































Home
Lineup

Schedule


Sponsors

Become a Sponsor


Non-Profit
Festival Info

Become a Vendor
Workshops
History
Food Trucks
Hotel Packages
FAQ
Contact Us


Buy Tickets
Vounteer





Home
Lineup




Schedule


Sponsors




Become a Sponsor


Non-Profit
Festival Info




Become a Vendor
Workshops
History
Food Trucks
Hotel Packages
FAQ
Contact Us


Buy Tickets
Vounteer
 













THANK YOU SALT LAKE CITY!
See you in 2018!







 







BUY NOW!







SOLD OUT!







BUY NOW!
























KIDS 12 & Under are FREE!





This event is 100% Non-Profit





ABOUT THE UTAH BLUES FESTIVALSalt Lake City's Largest Gathering of Blues Fans!


The 3rd Annual Utah Blues Festival (#UBF) is the signature fundraising event for the 501(c)(3) non-profit, the Utah Blues Society. It will be held on Saturday June 17, 2017, at the Gallivan Center in downtown Salt Lake City.
This is the only Festival in Utah solely dedicated to increasing awareness of a uniquely American musical/cultural art form – Blues music. This festival connects Utahns to a musical genre that has used the American experience as its voice – the Blues! By showcasing national and local Blues artists, as well as a Youth Showcase and Workshops, the UBF will provide a unique experience for Utahns to meet and connect around this culturally important musical art form, the foundation of all other American music to follow.  Featured performers for 2017 include: Blues Youth Showcase; Better Off With The Blues; Harry Lee & the Back Alley Blues Band; Annika Chambers; Samantha Fish; Rod Piazza & the Mighty Flyers; and Kenny Neal!
Utah Blues Festival
www.UtahBluesFest.org
June 17th, 2017
11:30AM – 10:00PM
Location
Gallivan Center
239 Main St., Salt Lake City, Utah 84111
Performers include:
Kenny Neal
Rod Piazza & The Mighty Flyers
Samantha Fish
Annika Chambers
Harry Lee & The Back Alley Blues Band
Better Off With The Blues
The Youth Blues Showcase
Tickets Available:
$35 General Admission
$88 VIP Admission (SOLD OUT)




Click Here to Buy Tickets
7 Bands





5 Food Trucks





Arts & Crafts Village





Free Music Workshops





2017 UTAH BLUES FESTIVAL LINEUPKENNY NEALROD PIAZZA & THE MIGHTY FLYERSSAMANTHA FISHANNIKA CHAMBERSHARRY LEE & THE BACK ALLEY BLUES BANDBETTER OFF WITH THE BLUESFestival Pre-Party | June 16





Festival Schedule | June 17Main Stage Schedule




 

Utah Blues Festival Schedule
 


12 pm1 pm2 pm3 pm4 pm5 pm6 pm7 pm8 pm9 pm10 pm 




					UBF Main Stage									

					UBF Main Stage				




UBS Youth Showcase












BETTER OFF WITH THE BLUES
1:00 pm - 2:00 pm








		Better Off With the Blues is an acoustic blues band in Salt Lake City. We are: Lou Borgenicht (harmonica and vocals), Ken Critchfield (standup bass), Jim Poulton (guitar and vocals), and Paul Rasmussen (guitar, mandolin and vocals).

Collectively our musical roots are eclectic – we’ve played in jazz, punk, Celtic, rock and roll, jug, bluegrass, old timey and folk bands, but we’ve always returned to the blues. Our blues influences are mainly traditional, but contemporary blues players can also get our attention.

Better Off With the Blues formed in 2008. The band’s repertoire has grown to include blues of Lightnin’ Hopkins, Howlin’ Wolf, Mississippi John Hurt, Mississippi Fred McDowell, Blind Blake, Big Bill Broonzy, Sonny Terry and Brownie McGhee, Willie Dixon, Robert Johnson, Blind Willie McTell, Skip James, Sleepy John Estes and Muddy Waters, as well as more contemporary music of Delbert McClinton and Tom Waits. We also play original music by members of the band.

Better Off With the Blues plays locally in Utah	



HARRY LEE & THE BACK ALLEY BLUES BAND
2:20 pm - 3:20 pm








		Harry Lee and the band joined together 18 years ago under the moniker “The Part Timers” to host a Sunday Blues jam at The Old Bottling House. The Back Alley Blues Band was formed when Harry struck out from the jam to entertain under his own flag. Harry has been entertaining in Utah and all over the west his entire adult life.	



ANNIKA CHAMBERS
3:40 pm - 4:55 pm
Main Stage








		ANNIKA CHAMBERS, like so many powerful vocal artists, can trace her love of music back to early childhood. “I grew up singing in the church,” she says. Not that she had to tell us. Citing the gospel influences of Yolanda Adams, Shirley Caesar, Dottie Peoples and Whitney Houston, you can’t help but feel the Spirit moving through the entire room when Annika throws herself into the heart of a song.

But it was during her two tours of duty in the US Army that Chambers realized the gift she had. “One of my colonels heard me singing, and he said, ‘Why don’t you sing the Anthem for one of our ceremonies?’” She was an immediate hit and became their first choice for all their music events, joining the gospel choir and even winning the talent show on her base.

From there, Chambers became part of a touring band making the rounds through Kosovo and Iraq, providing a welcome lift for the troops’ morale. She also planned special events, concerts, dances and karaoke nights, always doing her part to infuse the good time music into their lives. Returning to Houston in 2011 brought the creation of Annika Chambers and The House Rules Band. Audiences loved their combination of blues and soul and started paying attention to that powerhouse voice behind the microphone.

Among her admirers was bassist Larry Fulcher (2012 inductee to the Blues Hall of Fame) and producer/musician Richard Cagle of Montrose Records. By the end of 2014, Chambers’ debut album, “Making My Mark”, was climbing blues charts across the US and Europe. Her meteoric success and rising attention brought Annika Chambers the coveted nomination for 2015 BMA (Blues Music Award) “Best New Artist 2015”. Her sophomore release, “Wild & Free”, did not disappoint, with a debut at #7 on the Billboard Blues chart! Building on her success, Chambers used this opportunity to showcase her ever-improving abilities to sing across multiple musical genres.

The word continues to spread on this rising star as festivals from South America, Europe and right in her own backyard (Minnesota Bayfront Blues Festival, Las Vegas Blues Bender, Gloucester Blues Festival, Mississippi Delta Blues Festival) race to feature Annika Chambers in their lineup. A full-time music career can keep a person busy and yet Annika Chambers always finds time to give back to her community.

Chambers has a deep passion for supporting and inspiring the next generation of musicians. When performing, she’ll often shift the spotlight to local youth musicians and she also donates time speaking in classrooms about the legacy that is the blues. Keep cruising the website to discover videos of Annika’s performances and samples from her CDs!	



SAMANTHA FISH
5:15 pm - 6:30 pm
Main Stage








		Samantha Fish Spins You Around With An Emotional Wild Heart

“She snarls it, she spits it out and she could give a damn.” Goldmine

Produced by Luther Dickinson

Out on July 7th on Ruf Records

3rd Studio Release is filled up to the rim with staggering vocals,

Aching guitar riffs and thunderous drums, leaving you lifeless

Atlanta, GA – On July 7th, Ruf Records recording artist singer-guitarist Samantha Fish, will raise eyebrows with her third studio release, Wild Heart, produced by Luther Dickinson (The North Mississippi Allstars/Black Crowes). Having Samantha on guitars and Luther on various stringed instruments, they rounded out the lineup with Grammy Award-winning Brady Blade (Emmylou Harris/Bob Dylan) on drums. Special guests include Lightnin Malcolm (guitar), Sharde Thomas (drums) and Memphis session singers Shontelle Norman-Beatty and Risse Norman. The result is a stunning representation of Americana roots music.

Wild Heart  was recorded in three different studios, as they trekked the backroads from Louisiana to Mississippi in the fall of 2014. Starting at Brady Blade’s Shreveport, Louisiana studio, they laid the basic rhythm tracks and vocals. Luther and Samantha then hightailed it to his Zebra Ranch Studios in Hernando, Mississippi where they had a traditional Hill Country Blues session. Then, finally, all roads lead to Memphis where the duo put the final touches at both Willie Mitchell’s Royal Studios and the legendary Ardent studios.

“I fell in love with it,” she told Premier Guitar of her growing passion for the form, “and started doing my homework by listening to the old guys like Son House and Skip James.”

Only into her mid-20s she already released two CDs, played all over the world and shared the stage with well-established to the legendary artists from Tab Benoit and Johnny Lang to Buddy Guy. Label mate and sometimes touring buddy, Mike Zito has long championed Samantha, produced her critically acclaimed albums, Runaway and Black Wind Howlin’ (2013).  Samantha’s had a master’s class in a wide variety of the blues. Her work ethic is unquestioned and her love for performance is obvious.

Boys will be boys it’s a powerful thing

Better learn how to swim or learn how to drink – Bitch On The Run

All that ambition and passion paid off in 2012 when Samantha won a Blues Music Award for Best New Artist Debut for her 2011 release Runaway (Ruf Records). The wonderful critical praise, winning fans at shows and all the long hours driving came to a shining moment that put more fuel into her fire. This desire is now revealed with Wild Heart as the pivotal moment in her budding career.

Always yearning to learn, Samantha soaked in this experience like a sponge from the songwriting sessions to the final background harmonies.  As her songs came together, it was suggested for her to collaborate with another songwriter she jumped the opportunity. Last summer she traveled to Nashville and wrote with accomplished songwriter Jim McCormick, whose songs have been cut by Trisha Yearwood and Keith Urban. A native of New Orleans, Jim has a flare for blues-boogie and full throttle vocalization to haunting melodies that gave Samantha a chance to growl.

“… Fish’s commanding voice holds its own against the crunching guitar riffs and driving beat.” –Elmore Magazine

Samantha and Jim wrote five of the 12 songs on the album, including the title song, “Wild Heart”, that echoes Led Zeppelin with a whiplash of a steady guitar riff. “Show Me” – a song that could easily be heard at some of New York City’s finest rock clubs – wreaks stale beer. Samantha holds her own on guitar duties on this tune as Brady Blade grinds the drums with a slow steady roll.

As the album opens she’s bashes away with “Road Runner“, a warning to others of this mean man that broke her heart. The driving guitar sounds and thunderous beat supports her voice that is smooth as honey with a sad dash of salt.

Left me waiting by a red-light, I think about him every night

Road runner, road runner – Road Runner

After wrapping basic tracks, it was off to Dickinson’s Zebra Ranch Studios via the back roads of Mississippi. Seeing the culture and environment upfront got her excited for the unknown. The result of that magical setting was a cover of Charley Patton’s, “Jim Lee Blues Pt. 1”, which fits Fish’s voice. It was an organic setting with fellow Hill Country Blues artists Sharde Thomas and longtime friend, Lightnin Malcolm. Sharde is a native Mississippian fife/drum player in the same American tradition of her grandfather Othar Turner. “This session had a whole other vibe to it. The studio is out in the country, no cell service, no distractions. You’re just surrounded by nature and guitars,” beams Samantha.

Samantha’s love for the Hill Country Blues genre started early on as her musical foundation began to build. This fiery singer-songwriter and guitarist met some of these players when she attended the King Biscuit Blues Festival at age 17. There she met Lightnin Malcolm, a guitarist who befriended the young gun and then a few years later, at Zebra Ranch, she got to record with him. “Working with Malcolm was a longtime coming as I’d known him since I was a teenager. Hearing hill country blues made me fall in love with blues music and he was one of the first artists who let me jam with him.”

“One of my favorite songs on Wild Heart is ‘Go Home’. It became so powerful and we wanted girl power, no-frills and those ladies delivered,” Samantha proudly states.  It’s a quiet moment of reflection of an inner self struggle that can either be destructive or productive.  The background singers, Shontelle Norman-Beatty and Risse Norman provide a soothing answer to Samantha’s tearful call.

“Maybe in a moment of clarity, I’ll do what’s right, Maybe I’ll finally swallow a bit of my own advice” – Go Home

oth Samantha and Luther wanted to make a live and honest record, capturing Fish’s emotional intensity and power trio integrity. “She is so smart and talented. It was a joy to take her under my wing and share what I’ve learned with her. Samantha brought her emotional energy from her performances which transcended into the record. The songs are very personal and she delivered. I am proud to be a part of the record”, states Dickinson. Samantha was equally satisfied with the results, “I was blown away by his ability to color a song. I stepped out of my comfort zone and I couldn’t be more proud of what we made.”

Fish is an inveterate storyteller as well. Her songs are vivid and compelling with thick guitar lines and catchy riffs. – The Morning Call

As the album comes to a close, Samantha has run the gamut of emotions. Her fingers are tired and her voice is shaking but she is able to pull out one more gem of a performance. A whispering rendition of RL Burnside’s “I’m In Love With You”. This is Samantha at her best-caressing the melody while the guitars and a slight drum beat flickers underneath her reassuring voice.

Samantha has dug her high heels in some rich musical soil with Wild Heart and is poised to reach a new level in her career. She is armed with her guitar and these songs are in her back pocket; for there is no doubt Miss Fish will aim and fire, with confidence.	



ROD PIAZZA & THE MIGHTY FLYERS
6:50 pm - 8:05 pm
Main Stage








		Don’t make the mistake of thinking of Rod Piazza as one of the “young turks” of the blues, or part of the “new generation” of blues greats. At this point in his career, Piazza has been recording longer than his mentor George “Harmonica” Smith did, or Sonny Boy Williamson (either of them!), or Big Walter Horton. He’s been making records for more years than Little Walter was alive. Piazza is a tried-and-true, dyed-in-the-wool blues veteran with credentials that are second to none.

From his first recordings as a leader in 1967 fronting The Dirty Blues Band, through his multiple W.C. Handy Award winning with his current band The Mighty Flyers, to his countless appearances both live and on record with legendary blues figures, Piazza has set a standard for harmonica virtuosity that has established him as one of the most influential living blues harp players. He’s consistently surrounded himself with players who bring out the best he has to offer, and epitomize the very best in blues: fresh, swinging, tasteful, exciting and creative. The core of his band has been together for over three decades, and developed the kind of musical telepathy that simply cannot exist without years of experience on the bandstand and in the studio. The Mighty Flyers are a well-oiled machine, with Piazza in the driver’s seat.

Born in 1947, Piazza’s infatuation with blues began at a time when many of the masters were still in their prime years, and in the mid 1960s when the first blues revival was picking up steam, he was in the thick of it. By the 1970s, he’d already released five albums, and was one of the leading lights of the West Coast Blues scene. In the early ’70s he joined forces with Otis Spann disciple Honey Alexander (now his wife) on piano, and when they formed the Mighty Flyers over three decades ago, his career really hit its stride. Since then Piazza and the Mighty Flyers have won or been nominated for just about every award that can be bestowed upon a blues band, played literally thousands of gigs around the world, recorded over a dozen highly acclaimed releases, and along the way virtually created a new style of blues – a combination of low-down Chicago grit, suave West Coast swing and jazz, and the rhythmic drive of the best early R&B and rock & roll. Quite simply, Rod Piazza and The Mighty Flyers are one of the best, most experienced, and most distinctive bands in blues today.	



KENNY NEAL
8:25 pm - 10:00 pm
Main Stage








		If you want to experience the “Real Deal”, take time out to find Kenny Neal.

One of the strongest modern proponents of Baton Rouge swamp blues, Kenny Neal is a second-generation southern Louisiana bluesman who is cognizant of the region’s venerable blues tradition and imaginative enough to steer it in fresh directions.
Neal was born on October 14, 1957 in New Orleans. His dad, harpist Raful Neal, was a Baton Rouge blues mainstay whose pals included Buddy Guy and Slim Harpo (the latter gave three-year-old Kenny his first harmonica). At age 13, Neal was playing in his father’s band, and at 17, landed a job playing bass for Buddy Guy.

The guitarist recruited some of his talented siblings to form the Neal Brothers Blues Band up in Toronto (brother Noel later played bass behind James Cotton; five other Neal brothers also play in various bands) before returning stateside. In 1987, Kenny Neal cut his debut LP for Florida producer Bob Greenlee, an updated swamp feast initially released by Kingsnake Records as Bio on the Bayou. The following year, Alligator Records signed Neal and reissued the debut under the title Big News from Baton Rouge!! Young Neal was on his way.

Neal’s sizzling guitar work, sturdy harp, and gravelly, aged-beyond-his-years vocals served him well, and he cut four albums for Alligator Records between 1989 and 1994. An acclaimed 1991 stint on Broadway in a production of Mule Bone found him performing acoustic versions of Langston Hughes’ poetry set to music by Taj Mahal.

In 1998, Neal moved from Alligator to the blues division of the jazz-based Telarc Records, releasing three albums for the label: Blues Fallin’ Down Like Rain (1998), What You Got (2000), and One Step Closer (2001). In the new millennium, Neal recorded sets for a variety of independent labels, including Easy Meeting (a 2003 collaboration with Billy Branch), Double Take (2004, a one-shot return to Alligator), and A Tribute to Slim Harpo and Raful Neal (released in 2005 for True Life Entertainment).

Three years later, Neal hooked up with Blind Pig Records and released Let Life Flow in 2008, once again incorporating his gritty Louisiana roots with a sophisticated Chicago/Memphis soul approach. A second Blind Pig release, Hooked on Your Love, appeared two years later in 2010. In 2015, Neal released his first holiday-themed album, I’ll Be Home for Christmas. It was his first album for Cleopatra Records, which also issued his latest critically acclaimed release, Bloodline in 2016.

In the last few years, Kenny has relocated back to Baton Rouge and has spent much of his time around home with Family, writing songs, riding horses and working on his collection of vintage cars, but has come to realize that life on the road is his life. You can bet on seeing Kenny Neal and his band of Brothers (Darnell Neal on Bass and Fred Neal on Keys) back on the road and better than ever in 2017. They are joined by longtime drummer and friend, Bryan Morris and new addition to the band, Alphonso “AG” Guillory on horns.

Kenny Neal, a true living blues Legend is THE REAL DEAL and more poised than ever to deliver the blues like no one else can!

	
 

 



					Marriott Conference Center									

					Marriott Conference Center				




Cigar Box Guitar-Making Workshop
12:15 pm - 3:15 pm
Cigar Box Guitar-Making Workshop








		Cigar Box Guitar-Making Workshop

Location:
2017 Utah Blues Festival
Gallivan Center, Salt Lake City
Marriott Hotel
Capital C Room
Facilitated by Dave Smith of Defiant Guitars

In this hands-on workshop, you’ll make your own fretless electric cigar box guitar.  After you have completed the assembly, plug it in and listen to the sweet tone of your authentic cigar box guitar.  This is a unique opportunity to make your own instrument and bottleneck slide.  Become the down and dirty blues slide guitar player you’ve always dreamed of being.  Parts & materials fee:  $25.  You will end up with a guitar valued at ~$250.

You Must Email Tripp Hopkins at hopkinso@comcast.net and PRE-PAY to reserve your spot.

*ONLY 12 SPACES AVAILABLE!

Learn More:  http://www.utahbluesfest.org/workshops/#1495722328227-424c9b10-8874	



Bottleneck Guitar Slide Workshop (FREE)
1:00 pm - 3:00 pm
Bottleneck Guitar Slide Workshop








		Bottleneck Guitar Slide Workshop

Location:
2017 Utah Blues Festival
Gallivan Center, Salt Lake City
Marriott Hotel
Capital C Room
Facilitated by members of the Utah Blues Society

During this hands-on workshop you’ll learn how to make your own slide out of the neck of a bottle the same way the blues players made them a hundred years ago.  Once you’ve completed the process, you will have your own handmade bottleneck slide – Ready to Rip the Blues!

Learn More:  http://www.utahbluesfest.org/workshops/#1495722328177-b2e4c30f-588a	



Blues Harp Workshop (FREE)
3:15 pm - 4:15 pm








		Blues Harp Workshop

Location:
2017 Utah Blues Festival
Gallivan Center, Salt Lake City
Marriott Hotel
Capital C Room
Facilitated by members of the Utah Blues Society

Hohner harmonicas will be given to the first 110 workshop attendees free of charge. We’ll teach you how to play a traditional blues harp riff and conduct an informal Q & A session to answer any questions you may have about playing your new blues harp. A portion of the workshop will be an intimate concert demonstrating how the blues harp blends with the blues guitar.

Registered Blues Festival Attendees may begin registering for this workshop at the Capital C Room at 3:00PM

Learn More:  http://www.utahbluesfest.org/workshops/#1495733993800-cdf94a96-564d	
 

 



 
Utah Blues Festival Schedule


UBF Main Stage


 


							UBS Youth Showcase						

							Gallivan Stage						

12:00 pm - 12:45 pm



 


							BETTER OFF WITH THE BLUES						

							Main Stage						

1:00 pm - 2:00 pm



 


							HARRY LEE & THE BACK ALLEY BLUES BAND						

							Main Stage						

2:20 pm - 3:20 pm



 


							ANNIKA CHAMBERS						

							Main Stage						

3:40 pm - 4:55 pm



 


							SAMANTHA FISH						

							Main Stage						

5:15 pm - 6:30 pm



 


							ROD PIAZZA & THE MIGHTY FLYERS						

							Main Stage						

6:50 pm - 8:05 pm



 


							KENNY NEAL						

							Main Stage						

8:25 pm - 10:00 pm






Marriott Conference Center


 


							Cigar Box Guitar-Making Workshop						

							Cigar Box Guitar-Making Workshop						

12:15 pm - 3:15 pm



 


							Bottleneck Guitar Slide Workshop (FREE)						

							Bottleneck Guitar Slide Workshop						

1:00 pm - 3:00 pm



 


							Blues Harp Workshop (FREE)						

							Blues Harp Workshop						

3:15 pm - 4:15 pm









Festival After Party | June 17





Learn More About the PerformersOfficial 2017 Blues Festival Trailer








 
 
 


 





































































Lp L in Salt Lake City, Utah with Reviews - YP.comStart your search by typing in the business name below.
What do you want to find?

Where?My current locationSearchHomeSalt Lake City, UTLp LSalt Lake City, UT Lp LAbout Search ResultsAbout Search ResultsYP - The Real Yellow PagesSM - helps you find the right local businesses to meet your specific needs. Search results are sorted by a combination of factors to give you a set of choices in response to your search criteria. These factors are similar to those you might use to determine which business to select from a local Yellow Pages directory, including proximity to where you are searching, expertise in the specific services or products you need, and comprehensive business information to help evaluate a business's suitability for you. “Preferred” listings, or those with featured website buttons, indicate YP advertisers who directly provide information about their businesses to help consumers make more informed buying decisions. YP advertisers receive higher placement in the default ordering of search results and may appear in sponsored listings on the top, side, or bottom of the search results page.Sort:DefaultDefaultDistanceRatingName (A - Z)Sponsored LinksAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection1. LPL Financial5812 S 900 ESalt Lake City, UT 84121(801) 269-1150Financial Planning ConsultantsWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your home collection!Error when adding to home collectionThis business was removed from the home collection2. M L P Construction IncSalt Lake City, UT 84199(801) 706-6401Buildings-Pole & Post FrameAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection3. Summit Financial Resources, L.P.2455 E Parleys Way Ste 200Salt Lake City, UT 84109(800) 531-0137Reverse MortgagesFinancing ServicesWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your home collection!Error when adding to home collectionThis business was removed from the home collection4. Silo Farms, L.P.BBB Rating: A+2020 E 3300 S Ste 26Salt Lake City, UT 84109(801) 268-2611Manufactured Housing-CommunitiesAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your food collection!Error when adding to food collectionThis business was removed from the food collection5. L & P Food Court Inc115 W 9000 SSandy, UT 84070(801) 255-9958Asian RestaurantsRestaurantsAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your fun collection!Error when adding to fun collectionThis business was removed from the fun collection6. Baltimore Orioles L P3106 Millcreek RdPleasant Grove, UT 84062(410) 685-9800ClubsSports Promoters & ManagersWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your home collection!Error when adding to home collectionThis business was removed from the home collection7. L P Moving Services1669 N 2475 WClearfield, UT 84015(801) 825-6629MoversMoving Services-Labor & MaterialsMake an AppointmentAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your other collection!Error when adding to other collectionThis business was removed from the other collection8. Utah LP GasBBB Rating: A+1940 N Redwood RdSalt Lake City, UT 84116(801) 355-4201Propane & Natural Gas-Equipment &...WebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection9. Lp Capital Advisors310 S Main StSalt Lake City, UT 84101(801) 521-3260Financial Planning ConsultantsWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection10. LP Capital Advisors170 S Main St Ste 1130Salt Lake City, UT 84101(801) 521-3260Investment Advisory ServiceWebsiteServicesAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection11. Hines Interest LP134 S Main St # M1000Salt Lake City, UT 84101(801) 359-7522Real Estate InvestingInvestmentsWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your home collection!Error when adding to home collectionThis business was removed from the home collection12. M & S Balanced Property Fund LP136 E South TempleSalt Lake City, UT 84111(801) 532-1444Mobile Home DealersWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your other collection!Error when adding to other collectionThis business was removed from the other collection13. Napco N Amer Pump Co LP174 B StSalt Lake City, UT 84103(801) 560-4216PumpsWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your home collection!Error when adding to home collectionThis business was removed from the home collection14. LP Remodeling1302 S Roberta StSalt Lake City, UT 84115(385) 242-7150Altering & Remodeling ContractorsAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection15. Romney Family Lp1146 E Gilmer DrSalt Lake City, UT 84105(801) 583-0144Real Estate Referral & Information...Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your home collection!Error when adding to home collectionThis business was removed from the home collection16. Plant Construction Company Lp2191 S 300 WSalt Lake City, UT 84115(801) 485-5011Home BuildersWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection17. Alliantgroup LP2150 S 1300 ESalt Lake City, UT 84106(801) 990-4600Taxes-Consultants & RepresentativesWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your other collection!Error when adding to other collectionThis business was removed from the other collection18. Allied Fitting LP1630 S 4650 WSalt Lake City, UT 84104(801) 975-1919Pipe FittingsWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your home collection!Error when adding to home collectionThis business was removed from the home collection19. E & P Co A LP4221 S Mackay StSalt Lake City, UT 84123(801) 262-0879Rental Service Stores & YardsAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your food collection!Error when adding to food collectionThis business was removed from the food collection20. Gatrell Family LP2141 E Marrwood CirSalt Lake City, UT 84124(801) 272-1646CaterersWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your other collection!Error when adding to other collectionThis business was removed from the other collection21. H Weixler Family LP3601 S Kempner RdSalt Lake City, UT 84109(801) 277-0538Pattern MakersAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection22. N LP Counseling Center5278 S Pinemont DrSalt Lake City, UT 84123(801) 268-1212Counseling ServicesAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your home collection!Error when adding to home collectionThis business was removed from the home collection23. Independence Square Office Buildings Salt Lake City LP151 E 5600 SSalt Lake City, UT 84107(801) 266-3938General ContractorsBuilding ContractorsAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection24. LP Capital Advisors6465 S 3000 E Ste 105Salt Lake City, UT 84121(801) 948-4455Investment Advisory ServiceWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your other collection!Error when adding to other collectionThis business was removed from the other collection25. Mancuso Family LP765 E Grand Cayman DrSalt Lake City, UT 84107(801) 313-9101No Internet Heading AssignedAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your other collection!Error when adding to other collectionThis business was removed from the other collection26. Ox Bow LP2582 E Rowland DrSalt Lake City, UT 84124(801) 272-5285No Internet Heading AssignedAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your other collection!Error when adding to other collectionThis business was removed from the other collection27. Jkc Family Lp5735 S Oakdale DrSalt Lake City, UT 84121(801) 277-5214No Internet Heading AssignedAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your other collection!Error when adding to other collectionThis business was removed from the other collection28. Godfrey Family LP7406 S Rich WaySalt Lake City, UT 84121(801) 943-9073No Internet Heading AssignedAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your car collection!Error when adding to car collectionThis business was removed from the car collection29. LP Auto Sales2161 S State StSalt Lake City, UT 84115(801) 419-0215New Car DealersUsed Car DealersAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your home collection!Error when adding to home collectionThis business was removed from the home collection30. Scowcroft Master Lease LP2855 E Cottonwood Pkwy Ste 560Salt Lake City, UT 84121(801) 365-6200Leasing ServiceSponsored LinksWe found66results123NextMap ViewSponsoredDidn't find what you were looking for?magnifying glassHelpful Reviews Direct Business LendingGregory B. ratedThis is a great company to do Business with. I currently work here and am thankful for this professional environment. Having a background in business and entrepreneurship, I feel like I can relate to clients and potential clients. I love learning and this is an place I feel I can expand my knowledge everyday; not just from coworkers, but the clients as well. This fact alone makes this position rewarding. I look forward to all he new clients I get to interact with.Wealth GeneratorsAdom M. ratedWealth Generators offers Financial Education and Trading Strategies - we are classified as a publisher of information and our products are subscription based information delivered in the form of email newsletters, alerts and internet access that guides individuals through stock market trading. Additionally, our clients may refer others and they are compensated for bringing others to our program.Utah Loan Pros — Primary Residential Mortgage, Inc.prmi2012 ratedThey helped me when 2 other people told me they couldn't. 
We just redesigned yp.com! Do you like it?×            LikeNot a Fan×            Thank You!Feedback



















DAD to SLC Flights $1,799.96 | Cheap Flights on Expedia
















































































Skip to main content


Cobranded header here 


            Welcome to Expedia.com
          Continue to the U.S. site at Expedia.com

                close
        




Booking travel on behalf of  
Done
















//a.travel-assets.com/globalcontrols-service/content/55c22ccf065b31ba1d99e0ebfc3f9c05ccee9a8e/







Search anything








Search



















Show Menu








Saved Hotels




Show Account Icon Menu
























0 points 
 Join Expedia+ rewards













My Account


My Trips


My Rewards





Sign Out







Get lower rates on thousands of hotels.




Sign In






                                                    or create an {{0}} Account







My Account


My Trips


My Rewards












                                    Shop Travel
                                





                                                    Home
                                            



                                                    Bundle Deals
                                            



                                                    Hotels
                                            



                                                    Cars
                                            



                                                    Flights
                                            



                                                    Cruises
                                            



                                                    Things to Do
                                            



                                                    Discover
                                            



                                                    Vacation Rentals
                                            



                                                    Deals
                                            



                                                    Rewards
                                            



                                                    Mobile
                                            





















1










All caught up!  No new notifications right now.















                                            Account
                                            






                                                               Sign In
                                                       



                                                               Create an Account
                                                       








Hello,  's Account







                                                               My Account
                                                       



                                                               Sign Out
                                                       



                                                               Not  ?
                                                       



                                                               Not  ?  Log in to your account












 




Things you view while shopping are saved here.














                            My Trips
                        	





                                            Support
                                            






                                                               Customer Support
                                                       



                                                               Feedback
                                                       






                                    Español
                                



                                    简体中文
                                








//a.travel-assets.com/globalcontrols-service/content/55c22ccf065b31ba1d99e0ebfc3f9c05ccee9a8e/







Search anything








Search







For customer service, call us toll-free at 1-800-397-3342. For customers outside the US, please call 1-404-728-8787. International calling rates will apply.
















                                      Home
                                  




                                      Bundle Deals
                                  




                                      Hotels
                                  




                                      Cars
                                  




                                      Flights
                                  




                                      Cruises
                                  




                                      Things to Do
                                  




                                      Discover
                                  




                                      Vacation Rentals
                                  




                                      Deals
                                  




                                      Rewards
                                  




                                      Mobile
                                  




                            More





                                            Vacation Rentals
                                        



                                            Deals
                                        



                                            Rewards
                                        



                                            Mobile
                                        














 

Beginning of main content





Create your free account







                            Create your free account
                            










                                    Sign Up with Facebook
                                




OR









                                We apologize for our system failure. Please try again
                            


                                Account already exists
                            






Action required!
To finish creating your account, please click the link we just sent to 







                                First name
                                







                                    Last name
                                









                                      Email address
                                  









Create a password

















                                            Join Expedia+ Rewards. By joining I accept all terms and conditions









Sign Up






                                      By creating an account, I agree to the Terms of Use and the Privacy Policy.
                                  






                                Already have an account?
                            
 

Sign In











Sign in to your account







                           Sign in to your account
                           










                                Sign In with Facebook
                            




OR









                                We apologize for our system failure. Please try again
                            


                                You may have entered an unknown email address or an incorrect password
                            






                                Email address
                              









Password
















                                Keep me signed in
                                




                                Forgot password?
                            






Sign In






                                Need an account?
                            
 


                                    Sign Up
                                




















     DAD (Da Nang) to SLC (Salt Lake City) Flights $1,799.96 Flight onlyFlight + Hotel HotelsPlease correct the errors belowDestinationCheck-inCheck-outRooms123456789+Adults (18+)1234567891011121314Children (0-17)0123456Child 1:         Age     <11234567891011121314151617Child 2:         Age     <11234567891011121314151617Child 3:         Age     <11234567891011121314151617Child 4:         Age     <11234567891011121314151617Child 5:         Age     <11234567891011121314151617Child 6:         Age     <11234567891011121314151617Room 1Adults (18+)1234567891011121314Children (0-17)0123456Child 1:         Age     <11234567891011121314151617Child 2:         Age     <11234567891011121314151617Child 3:         Age     <11234567891011121314151617Child 4:         Age     <11234567891011121314151617Child 5:         Age     <11234567891011121314151617Child 6:         Age     <11234567891011121314151617Room 2Adults (18+)1234567891011121314Children (0-17)0123456Child 1:         Age     <11234567891011121314151617Child 2:         Age     <11234567891011121314151617Child 3:         Age     <11234567891011121314151617Child 4:         Age     <11234567891011121314151617Child 5:         Age     <11234567891011121314151617Child 6:         Age     <11234567891011121314151617Room 3Adults (18+)1234567891011121314Children (0-17)0123456Child 1:         Age     <11234567891011121314151617Child 2:         Age     <11234567891011121314151617Child 3:         Age     <11234567891011121314151617Child 4:         Age     <11234567891011121314151617Child 5:         Age     <11234567891011121314151617Child 6:         Age     <11234567891011121314151617Room 4Adults (18+)1234567891011121314Children (0-17)0123456Child 1:         Age     <11234567891011121314151617Child 2:         Age     <11234567891011121314151617Child 3:         Age     <11234567891011121314151617Child 4:         Age     <11234567891011121314151617Child 5:         Age     <11234567891011121314151617Child 6:         Age     <11234567891011121314151617Room 5Adults (18+)1234567891011121314Children (0-17)0123456Child 1:         Age     <11234567891011121314151617Child 2:         Age     <11234567891011121314151617Child 3:         Age     <11234567891011121314151617Child 4:         Age     <11234567891011121314151617Child 5:         Age     <11234567891011121314151617Child 6:         Age     <11234567891011121314151617Room 6Adults (18+)1234567891011121314Children (0-17)0123456Child 1:         Age     <11234567891011121314151617Child 2:         Age     <11234567891011121314151617Child 3:         Age     <11234567891011121314151617Child 4:         Age     <11234567891011121314151617Child 5:         Age     <11234567891011121314151617Child 6:         Age     <11234567891011121314151617Room 7Adults (18+)1234567891011121314Children (0-17)0123456Child 1:         Age     <11234567891011121314151617Child 2:         Age     <11234567891011121314151617Child 3:         Age     <11234567891011121314151617Child 4:         Age     <11234567891011121314151617Child 5:         Age     <11234567891011121314151617Child 6:         Age     <11234567891011121314151617Room 8Adults (18+)1234567891011121314Children (0-17)0123456Child 1:         Age     <11234567891011121314151617Child 2:         Age     <11234567891011121314151617Child 3:         Age     <11234567891011121314151617Child 4:         Age     <11234567891011121314151617Child 5:         Age     <11234567891011121314151617Child 6:         Age     <11234567891011121314151617Adults (18+)9101112131415161718192021222324252627282930313233343536373839404142434445464748495051525354555657585960616263646566676869707172737475767778798081828384858687888990919293949596979899Children (0-17)0123456789101112131415161718192021222324252627282930313233343536373839404142434445464748495051525354555657585960616263646566676869707172737475767778798081828384858687888990919293949596979899Search Search Flights Please correct the errors below.RoundtripOne WayMultiple DestinationsLeaving fromGoing toDepartingReturningAdults (18+) 123456Children (0-17) 0123456Flight 1Flying fromFlying to Departing Flight 2Flying fromFlying toDepartingFlight 3Flying fromFlying toDeparting Flight 4Flying fromFlying toDepartingFlight 5Flying fromFlying toDepartingAdults (18+) 123456Children (0-17) 0123456Child 1Age <1 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 Child 2Age <1 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 Child 3Age <1 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 Child 4Age <1 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 Child 5Age <1 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 Child 6Age<1 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 Children under 2 must either sit in laps or in seats.In lapIn seatAdvanced optionsAdvanced optionsNonstopRefundable flight Preferred airline No preference Tigerair Australia with BagTigerair Singapore with BagTigerair TaiwanAir BurkinaAeroGalMaya Island AirAir Choice OneSilver AirwaysBoutique AirLATAM Airlines ArgentinaInterjetGermanwingsCemairSun Air ExpressEra AlaskaInsel Air InternationalPAN AM World Airways DominicanaInsel Air ArubaMyanmar Airways InternationalPacific Coastal AirlinesCape AirTropic AirAir MoldovaAvior AirlinesJet AirwaysSouthern AirwaysAegeanAmerican AirlinesairberlinAir CanadaAzulAir FranceAir IndiaAeromexicoAerolineas ArgentinasAlaska AirlinesRoyal Air MarocAviancaFinnairAlitaliaLa CompagnieJetBlue AirwaysBritish AirwaysSeaborne AirlinesFlybeRoyal Brunei AirlinesAir BotswanaEVA AirwaysAir BalticCaribbean AirlinesAir ChinaAirlines of Papua New GuineaChina AirlinesCopaCathay PacificChina Southern AirlinesCondorDeltaSenegal AirlinesTAAG Angola AirlinesNorwegian Air ShuttleAer LingusEmiratesEllinairAir DolomitiTameEthiopian AirlinesEurowingsEtihad AirwaysEtihad RegionalFrontier AirlinesIcelandairFiji AirwaysFireflyGOL Linhas Aereas InteligentesGaruda IndonesiaGulf AirAirAsia with baggageSky AirlinesHawaiian AirlinesNikiHainan AirlinesHong Kong AirlinesUzbekistan AirwaysIberiaSolomon AirlinesMeridiana flyTigerair Taiwan without bagAzerbaijan AirlinesLATAM Airlines BrasilJapan AirlinesAdria AirwaysAir SerbiainterCaribbean AirwaysAir AstanaKorean AirKLMAir MaltaKenya AirwaysPenAirCayman AirwaysLATAM Airlines GroupLuxairLufthansaLiatLOT-Polish AirlinesLATAM Airlines PeruLACSASwiss International Air LinesEL AL Israel AirlinesAir MadagascarMiddle East AirlinesXiamen AirlinesMalaysia AirlinesAir MauritiusCOMAIR LTD.EgyptairThomas Cook AirlinesChina Eastern AirlinesAll Nippon AirwaysSpirit AirlinesAir New ZealandBoliviana De AviacionAir OnixCzech AirlinesMIAT-Mongolian AirlinesAustrian AirlinesAsiana AirlinesProflight ZambiaPascan AviationPeruvian AirlinesPorter AirlinesPakistan International AirlinesPhilippine AirlinesPlus Ultra Lineas Aereas S. A.PrecisionAirSurinam AirwaysQantas AirwaysQatar AirwaysLao AirlinesAserca AirlinesNepal AirlinesRoyal JordanianTarom-Romanian Air TransportSATA International-Azores Airlines S.A.South African AirwaysShandong AirlinesXL AirwaysSASBrussels AirlinesSingapore AirlinesCorsairAeroflot-Russian AirlinesSaudi Arabian AirlinesTACA AirlinesJetairflyThai Airways InternationalTradewind AviationTurkish AirlinesAir Tahiti NuiTAP PortugalAir TransateasyJetUral AirlinesUnitedVistaraSriLankan AirlinesTransaero AirlinesUtair AviationAir EuropaVision AirlinesVirgin AustraliaVivaAerobusVietnam AirlinesTACV-Cabo Verde AirlinesVirgin AtlanticAeromar AirlinesVirgin AmericaLC PeruWindward Island Airways InternationalWestJetWOW airOman AirLATAM Airlines EcuadorVolarisGreat Lakes AirlinesPegasus AsiaPreferred class First Class BusinessEconomy Premium EconomySearchSearch Flight + Hotel Please correct the errors below.                     Leaving from Going to DepartingReturningRooms 1 2 3 Adults (18 +) 123456Children (0 - 17) 0123456Child 1:Age <1 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 Child 2:Age <1 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 Child 3:Age <1 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 Child 4:Age <1 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 Child 5:Age <1 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 Child 6:Age <1 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 Room 2Adults (18 - 64)123456Children (0 - 17)0123456Child 1-?- <1 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 Child 2-?- <1 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 Child 3-?- <1 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 Child 4-?- <1 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 Child 5-?- <1 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 Child 6-?- <1 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 Room 3Adults (18 - 64)123456Children (0 - 17)0123456Child 1Age <1 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 Child 2Age <1 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 Child 3Age <1 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 Child 4Age <1 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 Child 5Age <1 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 Child 6Age <1 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 Children under 2 must either sit in laps or in seats.In lapIn seatI only need a hotel for part of my trip Check-inCheck-outSearch






                    Search over 321,000 hotels worldwide and 400 airlines worldwide.
                    
                




                    Secure incredible value with Expedia's Price Guarantee.
                




No Expedia cancellation fee to change or cancel almost any hotel reservation.
                







Cheap DAD to SLC Flights
Prices found within past 7 days. Prices and availability subject to change. Additional terms may apply.

4 Feb - 2 MarDADDa NangSLCSalt Lake City$1799.96roundtrip                                                              found 6 days ago                                                   4 Feb - 2 MarDADDa NangSLCSalt Lake City$1801.34roundtrip                                                                                       found 6 days ago                                                                           4 Feb - 2 MarDADDa NangSLCSalt Lake City$1829.66roundtrip                                                                                       found 6 days ago                                                                           4 Feb - 2 MarDADDa NangSLCSalt Lake City$1858.76roundtrip                                                                                       found 6 days ago                                                                           4 Feb - 2 MarDADDa NangSLCSalt Lake City$1877.66roundtrip                                                                                       found 6 days ago                                                                           4 Feb - 3 MarDADDa NangSLCSalt Lake City$1887.16roundtrip                                                                                       found 6 days ago                                                                           4 Feb - 2 MarDADDa NangSLCSalt Lake City$1902.56roundtrip                                                                                       found 6 days ago                                                                           4 Feb - 2 MarDADDa NangSLCSalt Lake City$1906.76roundtrip                                                                                       found 6 days ago                                                                           4 Feb - 3 MarDADDa NangSLCSalt Lake City$3393.76roundtrip                                                                                       found 6 days ago                                                                           







                
                    Top Routes from Da Nang
                
            



Da Nang to Seoul (DAD - SEL)Da Nang to Ho Chi Minh City (DAD - SGN)Da Nang to Seoul (DAD - ICN)Da Nang to Bangkok (DAD - BKK)Da Nang to Singapore (DAD - SIN)Da Nang to Hanoi (DAD - HAN)Da Nang to San Francisco (DAD - SFO)Da Nang to Los Angeles (DAD - LAX)Da Nang to Kuala Lumpur (DAD - KUL)Da Nang to Hong Kong (DAD - HKG)Da Nang to Siem Reap (DAD - REP)Da Nang to Houston (DAD - HOU)











                
                    Top Routes to Salt Lake City
                
            



Los Angeles to Salt Lake City (LAX - SLC)New York to Salt Lake City (NYC - SLC)Dallas to Salt Lake City (DFW - SLC)Boston to Salt Lake City (BOS - SLC)San Francisco to Salt Lake City (SFO - SLC)Atlanta to Salt Lake City (ATL - SLC)Seattle to Salt Lake City (SEA - SLC)Chicago to Salt Lake City (CHI - SLC)Denver to Salt Lake City (DEN - SLC)Washington to Salt Lake City (WAS - SLC)Philadelphia to Salt Lake City (PHL - SLC)Phoenix to Salt Lake City (PHX - SLC)














                                    Da Nang to Salt Lake City Flights
                                



Sometimes you just need to get out of town or maybe you’re looking for a change of scenery. Regardless of the reason, a flight from Da Nang to Salt Lake City will do just the trick! Go on, plan to see all the famous landmarks and eat your weight in the local cuisine. Your trip is beckoning, so answer the call by packing your suitcase and filling your travel itinerary with exploring Salt Lake City.




Whether you’re flying for business or jet-setting on your personal time, you’ve come to the right place. Here at Expedia.com, we’ll pair you up with DAD to SLC flights that won’t make your bank account wince. Ready to temporarily leave behind Da Nang for new horizons? Browse through our cheap airfare, and filter by flight times and dates until you find just what you had in mind. From flights without layovers to ones that arrive early in the morning, you’ll come across plane tickets that suit your travel preferences. You can even bundle your flight to SLC with hotels and car rentals to score even bigger savings.All set to hit the clouds? Book your travel arrangements with us today and have left-over money to put toward your travel outings and adventures.




                            Read More
                        









 

          Add your hotel to Expedia
        

 

Want double Expedia+ points? Book with the App!

Double Expedia+ points on all app bookings
Helpful real-time trip updates
Paperless itineraries




Text yourself a link to get the FREE Expedia App



Send text




Oops!
Is it possible you've already downloaded our app?
Sorry, we are currently having problems connecting to our server. You can still download the app by clicking on the app-store buttons in our app page. Thank you!
We are having trouble processing your phone number. Try using this format: {{phoneNumberFormat}}. Thank you!
It looks like you just tried to enter a non-{{countryName}} phone number. Unfortunately, at this time we are only supporting {{countryName}} numbers. Please enter your number in the following format: {{phoneNumberFormat}}. Thank you!




Thank you! A text with the download link has been sent to your mobile device



Get the FREE Expedia App:







            By providing your number, you agree to receive a one-time automated text message with a link to get the app. Our app offers promotions and booking services. No purchase necessary. Standard text message rates may apply.
        

 

Trip Planning





Vacation Packages



Reno Trips
Colorado Springs CO Vacation Package
Trip to Arizona
Phoenix AZ Trips
Campello Beach Vacations





Flights



DTW PHX
Flights MNL to DXB
SMF to Honolulu
Flights from ACA to YYZ
ROC to ICT Flights
Airfare to Jackson Mississippi
Flights from CMH to MHK
Flights from MWH to DEN
Round Trip to Cape Coral





Hotels



Oakland Hotel Rates
Family Hotel Las Vegas NV
5 Star Riviera Maya Mexico Hotels
Del Mar Rooms
Kennebunkport Hotels Cheap
Pet-friendly Hotel Virginia Beach Boardwalk
Ocean Riviera Paradise El Beso - All Inclusive - Adults Only
Pet-friendly Hotel Yosemite National Park USA





Car Rentals



Dunmore Rental Cars
Strafford Rental Cars
Velbert Rental Cars
Rental Cars Chilton
Zumbrota Rental Cars
Rental Cars Berryville Virginia
Car Rentals in Calgary Alberta
Orasac Rental Cars
Car Rental Kampung Bakat Hulu





General



Fall Pictures








 


Explore More




Expedia




About Expedia


Jobs


Investor Relations


Advertising


Media Room


About Our Ads


Privacy Policy


Terms of Use


Site Map


Accessibility






Expedia+




Expedia+ Rewards


Redeem Your Points


+VIP Access Hotels


Expedia+ Credit Cards






Expedia Links




Low Cost Flights


Rental Car Finder


Expedia Rewards


Travel Blog


New Hotels






Expedia Sitemaps




Hotels Sitemap


Flights Sitemap


Vacations Sitemap


Rental Cars Sitemap


Cruises Sitemap


Things to Do Sitemap






Partner Services




Expedia Partner Central


Add a Hotel


Expedia Affiliate Network API


Add an Activity


Become an Affiliate


Travel Agents Affiliate Program


Expedia Mastercard


Expedia Franchise


Expedia CruiseShipCenters Agent






Global Sites




Argentina


Australia


Austria


Belgium


Brazil


Canada


China


Denmark


Finland


France


Germany


Hong Kong


India


Indonesia


Ireland


Italy


Japan


Korea


Malaysia


Mexico


Netherlands


New Zealand


Norway


Philippines


Singapore


Spain


Sweden


Switzerland


Taiwan


Thailand


United Kingdom


United States


Vietnam






Expedia Partners




Egencia Business Travel


Expedia Affiliate Network (EAN)


Hotels.com


Hotwire


CitySearch


Online Shopping


HomeAdvisor


Expedia CruiseShipCenters


HomeAway


Travelocity


Trip


Trivago








 
    Expedia, Inc. is not responsible for content on external Web sites. © 2017 Expedia, Inc. All rights reserved.




















PROPANE SALES & SERVICE » Utah LP Gas








































 






 






801-355-4201
 

CONTACT US
FAQs & LINKS
EMPLOYMENT
  
 
 












Select Page


  
 



 



 






















































































































 
 






THE BEST VALUE IN PROPANE!

 


There is a difference between price and value. When you choose Utah LP Gas, you get more for your propane dollar with benefits such as:
■ Flexible Purchase and Payment Plans
■ FREE Leak and System Check
■ Dependable Delivery Services
■ 24/7 Accessibility
■ Professional, Certified Technicians
■ $50 Customer Referral Credit

With your family’s comfort on the line, you can’t afford to take chances with your propane provider.
Place your confidence in a company with decades of experience providing honest, dependable, propane service.  Choose a company that takes pride in providing a clean-burning and environmentally-friendly fuel that contributes to a more energy efficient world in which to live, work and play.
Choose Utah LP Gas.

 


 ONLINE BILL PAY

 NEW CUSTOMER INQUIRY

 
 
 
 


 EMERGENCY SERVICE

 



Mountain View




60°



 78°
Sat


 64°
Sun


 65°
Mon


 65°
Tue




 
 
 
 
 




RESIDENTIAL | AGRICULTURAL | COMMERCIAL | INDUSTRIAL


 
 
 





AGRICULTURAL
Utah LP Gas has decades of experience providing dependable propane delivery and service for a variety of agricultural applications.

 
 



INCREASE YOUR BOTTOM LINE AS A PROPANE RESELLER
Attract customers to your store, and watch your profits increase when you install an Utah LP Gas dispenser at your retail location!

 
 
 




IF YOU USE PROPANE, YOUR BUSINESS IS OUR BUSINESS!
Business owners can’t afford to take chances with their propane supplier. Choose Utah LP Gas and have one less thing to worry about!

 
 



RESIDENTIAL 
When you choose Utah LP Gas, you’re choosing local residents who take pride in providing the best value in propane!

 
 
 
 
 




KNOW YOUR SYSTEM 
At Utah LP Gas, we make every effort to familiarize our customers with their gas system, the smell of propane, and the steps to take if they suspect a leak.  In addition, we provide our customers with emergency phone number(s) where they can reach a Utah LP Gas employee 24/7.

SYSTEM SAFETY

 


w

QUESTIONS?
If you have questions about our services, or propane in general, check out our Frequently Asked Questions page.
If you don’t find the answer there, give us a call – We’ll be happy to help!


 
 
 




PROPANE E-LEARNING MODULES

Affordable, Clean, American-Made
Learn more about propane’s many uses and how it is fueling America.


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
















