
Security Check Required




FacebookJoin or Log Into Facebook   Email or PhonePasswordForgot account?Log InDo you want to join Facebook?Sign UpSign UpSecurity CheckPlease enter the text belowCan't read the text above?Try another text or an audio captchaText in the box:What's this?Security CheckThis is a standard security test that we use to prevent spammers from creating fake accounts and spamming users.SubmitEnglish (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














 damselproductions.com - Home 























Home



Mission



Past Shows



Charities



Artists



Helplines



Friends



Contact
















We're thrilled to announce this year's Damsel Productions benefit show will honor Open Hand with a night of Jazz featuring the amazing talents of:
Nicole Chillemi
Amy Zuspan
Emily Gail
Amy Newcomb
& Gwen Hughes
All proceeds will go toward Open Hand: serving over 20 years to the Atlanta community feeding those disabled by chronic diseases.



Show open to All Ages:

$10 Kids & Students
$12 Adults
We have some exciting family friendly items in the Silent Auction this year including tickets to the Center for Puppetry Arts, High Museum, Stone Mountain, Atlanta Opera, Six Flags, Medieval Times, Atlanta Ballet's Nutcracker, and many more!
Please save the date - it's sure to be a Beautiful Night!!!
WHO WE ARE:Damsel Productions is a Non-Profit Organization under section 501(c)(3) that consists of some of Atlanta's best Female Independent*  musicians and performing artists dedicated to raising awareness and funds for local charities focused on (but not limited to) Women, Children, and Animal rescue through concerts and showcases. 
 
Founded in 2010 by Indie singer/songwriter Amy Zuspan in a mission to merge her two passions: Music and Giving back. We represents a strong group of women with morals and integrity with the desire to uplift those less fortunate by dedicating our time and talents through music, community outreach and fundraising in Atlanta, GA.
 
Please explore our site for a list of Damsel artists and the Charities we support. We look forward to seeing you at our next show!
 
*In popular music, indepedent music, often shortened to indie music or "indie", is a term used to describe independence from major commercial record labels and an autonomous, Do-It-Yourself approach to recording and publishing












©2010 Damsel Productions






Modify Website© 2000 - 2011 powered by











 





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











DAMSEL PRODUCTIONS INC. - ROSWELL, GA - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



GA



ROSWELL



Motion Picture and Tape Distribution



Motion Picture And Tape Distribution



                            DAMSEL PRODUCTIONS INC.
                                    



 





















D 


DAMSEL PRODUCTIONS INC.
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



1055 WORTHINGTON HILLS DR ROSWELL, GA 30076
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded 2010
 Incorporated GA
 Annual Revenue $100,000.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries Motion Picture And Tape Distribution
 Contacts 






Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Damsel Productions Inc. was founded in 2010, and is located at 1055 Worthington Hills Dr in Roswell. It employs 2 employees and is generating approximately $100,000.00 in annual revenue. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







D

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com







Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

















































                                    Damsel | Invest In Games You Love |  EquityArcade™
                        




































An offering by Damsel Productions, LLC brought to you by EquityArcade™










Damsel Productions, LLC
A true arcade platformer, play as Agent Damsel as she rescues hostages, defuses ticking time bombs and slays vampires with her shotgun. Compete in over 120 levels, visit city rooftops, urban slums and save the day with Agent Damsel! The team behind Damsel Productions, LLC are responsible for mobile hits like Bank Job and have backgrounds at THQ Australia, Pandemic OZ as well as degrees in Game and Interactive Entertainment. Damsel will be released in 2017.
$0 RAISED / 0 INVESTORS

                    Funding target: $50,000 to $100,000
Invest Now
27 days left • minimum investment $25
$50,000 minimum for 15%
$100,000 maximum for 30%












Target Platforms: 





Share this offering:





Download Demo 















Level 1 - $25
Invest $25 or more and receive 1 Revenue Sharing Interest.** For every $25 you invest above $25, you will receive 1 additional Revenue Sharing Interest.


Level 2 - $100
Invest $100 or more and you'll get a copy of Damsel and the chance to name a hostage in-game along with 4 Revenue Sharing Interests.** For every $25 you invest above $100, you will receive 1 additional Revenue Sharing Interest.


Level 3 - $500
Invest $500 or more to work with developers and create an in-game portrait on a tombstone or building! Additionally, you'll receive a copy of Damsel, the chance to name a hostage in-game and 20 Revenue Sharing Interests.** For every $25 you invest above $500, you will receive 1 additional Revenue Sharing Interest.


* Each Revenue Sharing Interest is $25. For every Interest purchased, investors will be entitled to a percentage of the gross cumulative revenue generated from sales of the game.
                    
                


Introducing Agent Damsel

Damsel is the debut title from Damsel Productions, LLC. Developed by industry professionals with a wide-range of backgrounds and talents, Damsel aims to give players a deep experience that goes beyond the normal trappings of an indie platformer.




        Immerse yourself in a beautifully detailed cartoon world, with levels spanning from the rooftops of a sprawling metropolis to the dimly lit slums of urban areas.
    




Vampires + UV Shotgun = Dead Vampires

Help Agent Damsel race across the world keeping humanity safe from the forces of evil. Rescue hostages, gather intel, and eliminate the vampire hordes in an array of creative ways. Get ready for the 120+ missions to complete and coffin loads of extra challenges and bonuses to extend your play time. Play alone, or with your family in this exciting title designed with everyone in mind!




“OK, so it's got a kickass female protagonist fighting vampire hordes with awesome weapons and saving the world from evil? Yes, please!”
- Self Rescuing Princess


“The art of this game is so detailed and engaging, seeming to take many of its inspirations from pop culture we love so much. When you draw so many nostalgic areas of our geeky history into not just the art, but the music as well, it creates a feeling of community with the developers themselves. I felt so at home there with the Damsel crew at PAX, they were all just as excited about the game as the convention goers were, and having that much passion shines through so vibrantly in their work on Damsel.”
- Checkpoint Gaming










Be Damsel. Cause distress.




Agent Damsel is ready to SLAY the day! Now she needs your help. It’s up to you to take a STAB at it! We think you get the point …



The team behind Damsel Productions, LLC are responsible for mobile hits like Bank Job and have backgrounds at THQ Australia, Pandemic OZ as well as degrees in Game and Interactive Entertainment. Damsel will be released in 2017.




Not convinced yet?
Download Demo




 









Offering Overview
Company
Disclosures




Offering
The purpose of this Offering is to raise funds to market, commercialize and monetize Damsel Productions, LLC.
Issuer is offering 2,000 Revenue Sharing Interests at $25.00 per interest. Each Revenue Sharing Interest purchased by an investor will entitle the investor to receive .0075% of gross revenue generated from the Issuer’s intellectual property related to the game Damsel (the "Damsel IP") (less any direct taxes, if any, due thereon, if required to be paid by the Issuer under applicable law) (the “IP Revenue”). If only the Target Offering Amount is met, then the Revenue Sharing Interests sold will entitle the investors to receive an aggregate of 15% of the IP Revenue. If the Maximum Offering Amount is sold, then the investors will be entitled to receive 30% of the IP Revenue. If an amount between the Target Offering Amount and Maximum Offering Amount is sold, then the percentage of IP Revenue distributable to the investors will be adjusted ratably. Investors will be entitled to receive such IP Revenue until such time as they have received 100x their investment. In the event the Issuer sells its rights to the Damsel IP, investors will be entitled to receive 5% of the proceeds provided that the investors have received 50x their initial investment and if not then they shall receive pro-rata 10% of the Damsel IP sale price.
The price to purchasers does not include a transaction fee of 3.25% of the total invested plus $0.50 and a processing fee of $4.00, as described in the agreements made at the point of purchase and in the Educational Materials. For example, if an investor purchases 4 interest for $100, the total charge to the Investor will be $107.75 ($100 + $3.75 transaction fee + $4 processing fee).
Oversubscription interests will be allocated on a first come first served basis. The value of the securities being offered is variable depending of revenue stream and multiples of payout. Securities offered have no voting rights. Intermediary will be compensated 5% of successfully raised funds. Issuer will issue a revenue sharing interest certificate for each subscriber and deliver same electronically.

Damsel Form C



Use Of Proceeds





If Target Offering Amount Sold
If Maximum Amount Sold


Total Proceeds
$50,000
$100,000


Less:  Offering Expenses




(A) Commission to Intermediary
$2,500
$5,000


(B)






(C)






Net Proceeds
$47,500
$95,000


Use of Net Proceeds






(A)  Contractors
$24,000
$44,000


(B) Marketing/PR
$16,500
$31,000


(C) Localization/Fees
$7,000
$20,000


Total Use of Net Proceeds
$47,500
$95,000




Other Investment Documents

Summary of Terms


Financials


Company
Managers of the Company
Megan Summers
Title: Owner / Producer
Dates of Board Service: 8/2016 - Present
Position: Manager 9/2016 - Present
Employer: Screwtape Studios Pty Ltd
Dates of Service: 11/2011 - Present
Employer’s principal business: Video game development
Business Experience:
Employer: Screwtape Studios
Employer’s principal business: Video Game Development
Title: 50% Owner / Producer
Dates of Service: 11/2011 - Present
Responsibilities: Quality testing and managing day-to-day operations
Employer: Defiant Development
Employer’s principal business: Video Game Development
Title: Lead Quality Assurance Tester
Dates of Service: 6/2014 - 2/2015
Responsibilities: Testing the game for quality issues
Officers of the Company
Anthony Wood
Title: Owner / Creative Director
Dates of Service: 8/2016 - Present
Responsibilities: Product strategies and planning
Business Experience:
Employer: Screwtape Studios
Employer’s principal business: Video game development
Title: 50% Owner / Creative Director
Dates of Service: 11/2011 - Present
Responsibilities: Creative direction of product and company
Employer: Defiant Development
Employer’s principal business: Video Game Development
Title: Programmer
Dates of Service: 4/2014 - 2/2015
Responsibilities: Porting the game from PC to consoles

Invest now

Executive Summary
Damsel is a single-player, fast paced, arcade-platformer game, framed in a 'Dark Disney' aesthetic with a pumping synth soundtrack. The player assumes the role of Damsel, a mysterious agent charged with the goal of saving the world from the growing vampire hordes. Players use Damsel's great agility and skills, along with her UV shotgun to clear each mission and uncover a conspiracy that will lead them around the world.
The player will discover new locations and missions as they progress through the story; as well as unlocking new abilities and upgrading current ones. Every mission has a number of side challenges to keep the player engaged, many of which are against the clock – the player must make the hard choice of going for more points, or risk losing it all by not beating the timer.
Damsel is a modern day, artistically stylised take on classic PC platformer games, such as Commander Keen, Duke Nukem, and Prince of Persia set in arenas or "PAC Man" style levels. Set in locations across the world, each arena has it's own unique challenges to face and master with the intended focus of the gameplay split between exploratory movement and action-based combat.
Damsel is currently ¾ complete and Damsel Productions LLC are seeking up to $100,000 to complete the project and release Damsel initially on PC, MAC and Linux.
Current Progress
Damsel is between 75-80% complete. The game is feature and mechanic complete. The second pass of story and mission progression has been completed, Music and Art have been completed. The final aspects to be completed are the Sound Design, Final Script, Design polish, localisation and Testing.
Please follow the link to the latest Game Trailer for Damsel - Damsel Tralier
Intellectual Property
Damsel is a new IP created by Screwtape Studios Pty Ltd and assigned to Damsel Productions, a Delaware  LLC.
Damsel was created as a character to fill a gap of Female led games. Most female lead characters are either highly sexualised (See Bayonetta )  or have had a traumatic experience perpetrated against them by men. (See 2013's Tomb Raider). Even though these characters are pushing forward gender equality in games they can often alienate the male and female players.
Market Research
The AAA Video game market is currently seeing an influx of older popular games being either ported or remastered and distributed across most platforms.
Recently released or about to be released, rebooted Games such as: Tomb Raider, Unreal Tournament, Doom, Legend of Zelda, BioShock,  SystemShock,  Crash Bandicoot/p>

As well as Nintendo announcing the release of their games on other platforms, such as re-releases of old games on Mobile phones.
This rebooting of franchises as well as a large amount of sequels that are churned out each year have left players looking for unique and fun new IPs.
The III Indie video game market has had some amazing reach with this need for new IPs with strong titles being released by small teams. The Indie market has also recently seen an insurgence of games that are 'inspired' by old franchises, often selling the game on the back of the team who may have worked on the Original title.
Some of the biggest downfalls for the success of a game, Indie or triple A, are similar, and each of the elements below will be focused on by Damsel Productions to provide the highest chance of success.

Unrealistic marketing / Over Hype,
Promising mechanics or gameplay features and then not releasing with the feature,
Lack of communication with fans about the progress of the titles,
Unpolished/Buggy,
Late Release

Competitor Analysis
With a unique art style, small and fast paced arena levels that are entered multiple times from multiple locations we have created a game that has been designed to stand apart from competing Indie Platform games.
The Swindle
Metacrtic 73
Price: $14.99
Unique Indie 2D Platformer, with an art style that stands out from other Indie games and small arena style levels. The game style, size, gameplay and team size all make The Swindle a competitor of Damsel.
Mighty No. 9
Metacritic: 52
Price: $19.99
A Mega Man inspired polished 2D, side-scrolling platformer that has received a lot of negative feedback for it not being the original. Also the game, that was kickstarted, was over time and budget. But it mostly did not live up to the hype created about the game. The fast pace of Mighty No. 9 makes it a competitor of Damsel.
Yooka La-lee
Metacritic: TBA
Price: TBA
Yooka La-Lee is an 3D, action, platformer. The game was Kickstarted and has been created by members of the original Rachet and Clank Team. The game's polish, style and the fact that the release windows are similar will make Yooka La-Lee a competitor of Damsel.

Video Game Gender Research
A 2015 survey of 1,583 U.S. students aged 11 to 18 by Rosalind Wiseman and Ashly Burch indicated that 60% of girls but only 39% of boys preferred to play a character of their own gender, and 28% of girls as opposed to 20% of boys said that they were more likely to play a game based on the character's gender. The authors interpreted this as meaning that the gaming industry's focus on male protagonists stifled sales to girls more than it promoted sales to boys.
Hall, Charlie (5 March 2015). "The games industry is wrong about kids, gaming and gender". Polygon. Retrieved 8 March2015.

How Does the Damsel IP fit into the current Market
Due to the Gender and gaming research it is obvious that young men and young women would like to play as female characters, we believe that Damsel will fit nicely into the Market. The character is also not a direct flip of the Damsel in Distress Trope. Damsel is not out to kill or save men, all enemies and hostages are of both sexes.
Most platformers that are currently on the market or about to be released are side-scrolling 'Metroidvania' style games where the player is kept moving forward in the level. However the arena levels of Damsel, let the player traverse the level and complete the mission in any way they want inspired by 90's PC platforms such and Commander Keen and Duke Nukem, and by the arena levels of Pac Man. This style of gameplay will stand out in the see of Side-scrolling
Revenue & Distribution
Revenue Strategy
Initial release on PC, Mac and Linux through digital distribution platforms:


Primary Platform:
Steam (Damsel has passed the Steam Greenlight Process and is eligible for release on Steam)

Secondary Platforms:
Direct 2 Drive
Humble Bundle
GOG.com


Pricing
Damsel will be a premium Indie title being released at a $14.99 price point. This Price point will fluctuate as Damsel Productions realizes the Steam sales.

A secondary release is tentatively planned on XboxOne, PS4 and Nintendo WiiU/NX but currently is not dated for release. Price point for console release will be talked about with console holders before future release.

Target Audience
Target Audience – Girls and boys 13 to late 30's - T for Teen
Primary Target – Action, arcade and platform game fans, Fans of female superheroes
Secondary Target – Gaming parents looking for a female protagonist appropriate for their childrenTertiary Targets – Mac and Linux users looking for a fun, action-packed, fully functional game

In conclusion
Our aim for Damsel has been to create a fun, polished, high quality, Indie game. To complete Damsel a Sound Designer and writer need to be engaged, game text needs Localization and a PR company will  be hired to avoid any of the pitfalls of Marketing and to make sure the great game we are creating is shown to the world.

Damsel Productions, LLC has newly commenced business and therefore does not have an operating history. Projected Sales Milestones -
6 Month Unit Sales Goal 170,000
12 Month Unit Sales Goal 200,000
Cumulative Gross Revenue after 12 months: $2,250,000.00



Month
Units
Period Revenue
Month
Units
Period Revenue


1
70,000
$787,500
7
8,000
$90,000


2
40,000
$450,000
8
8,000
$90,000


3
20,000
$225,000
9
8,000
$90,000


4
20,000
$225,000
10
2,000
$22,500


5
10,000
$112,500
11
2,000
$22,500


6
10,000
$112,500
12
2,000
$22,500


Principal Security Holders
Name of Holder
Screwtape Studios Pty Ltd*
No. and Class of Securities Now Held
Member Interests
% of Voting Power Prior to Offering
100%
*Screwtape Studios Pty Ltd., an Australian company limited by shares (“Screwtape”), is the sole member of Damsel.  Megan Summers and Anthony Wood each own 50 ordinary shares of Screwtape and each of them holds 50% of the voting power of Screwtape.  Accordingly, through Screwtape, they each control 50% of the voting power in Damsel.
Description of Issuer's Securities
Before Offering


Class of Security
Securities Authorized
Securities Outstanding
Voting Rights
Other Rights


Other: Member Interest
N/A
N/A
Yes
No


After Offering


Class of Security
Securities Authorized
Securities Outstanding
Voting Rights
Other Rights


Other: Member Interest


Yes
No


Other: Revenue Sharing Interest


No
No


Financial Condition
Form C financial chart
Current number of employees: 2



Most recent fiscal year-end
Prior fiscal year-end


Total Assets
$350,890
N/A


Cash & Cash Equivalents
$500
N/A


Accounts Receivable
$0
N/A


Short-term Debt
$0
N/A


Long-term Debt
$0
N/A


Revenue/Sales
$0
N/A


Cost of Goods Sold
$0
N/A


Taxes Paid
$0
N/A


Net Income
$0
N/A


Disclosures
General
A crowdfunding investment involves risk. You should not invest any funds in this offering unless you can afford to lose your entire investment. In making an investment decision, investors must rely on their own examination of the issuer and the terms of the offering, including the merits and risks involved. These securities have not been recommended or approved by any federal or state securities commission or regulatory authority. Furthermore, these authorities have not passed upon the accuracy or adequacy of this document. The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission does not pass upon the merits of any securities offered or the terms of the offering, nor does it pass upon the accuracy or completeness of any offering document or literature. These securities are offered under an exemption from registration; however, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission has not made an independent determination that these securities are exempt from registration.
Ongoing Reporting
The issuer will file a report electronically with the Securities & Exchange Commission annually and post the report on its website, no later than 120 days after the end of each fiscal year covered by the report. Once posted, the annual report may be found on the issuer’s website at: damselgame.net
The Company must continue to comply with the ongoing reporting requirements until:

(1) the issuer is required to file reports under Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act;
(2) the issuer has filed at least one annual report pursuant to Regulation Crowdfunding and has fewer than 300 holders of record and has total assets that do not exceed $10,000,000;
(3) the issuer has filed at least three annual reports pursuant to Regulation Crowdfunding;
(4) the issuer or another party repurchases all of the securities issued in reliance on Section 4(a)(6) of the Securities Act, including any payment in full of debt securities or any complete redemption of redeemable securities; or
(5) the issuer liquidates or dissolves its business in accordance with state law.

Canceling Investment Commitment
Investors may cancel an investment commitment until 48 hours prior to the deadline identified in these offering  materials.
The intermediary will notify investors when the target offering amount has been met.
If the issuer reaches the target offering amount prior to the deadline identified in the offering materials, it may close the offering early if it provides notice about the new offering deadline at least five business days prior to such new offering deadline (absent a material change that would require an extension of the offering and reconfirmation of the investment commitment).
If an investor does not cancel an investment commitment before the 48-hour period prior to the offering deadline, the funds will be released to the issuer upon closing of the offering and the investor will receive securities in exchange for his or her investment.
If an investor does not reconfirm his or her investment commitment after a  material change is made to the offering, the investor’s investment commitment will be cancelled and the committed funds will be returned.
Restrictions on Transfer of the Securities Being Offered
The securities being offered may not be transferred by any purchaser of such securities during the one- year period beginning when the securities were issued, unless such securities are transferred:

(1) to the issuer;
(2) to an accredited investor;
(3) as part of an offering registered with the U.S. Securities and Exchange    Commission; or
(4) to a member of the family of the purchaser or the equivalent, to a trust controlled by the purchaser, to a trust created for the benefit of a member of the family of the purchaser or the equivalent, or in connection with the death or divorce of the purchaser or other similar circumstance.

NOTE: The term "accredited investor" means any person who comes within any of the categories set forth in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D, or who the seller reasonably believes comes within any of such categories, at the time of the sale of the securities  to that person.
The term "member of the family of the purchaser or the equivalent" includes a child, stepchild, grandchild, parent, stepparent, grandparent, spouse or spousal equivalent, sibling, mother-in-law, father-in-law, son-in-law, daughter-in-law, brother-in-law, or sister-in-law of the purchaser, and includes adoptive relationships. The term “spousal equivalent” means a cohabitant occupying a relationship generally equivalent to that of a spouse.
Section 17(b) Disclosure
Manorhaven’s fees for each offering are disclosed in the respective offering materials. Generally, for Title III Regulation Crowdfunding, Manorhaven’s fees consist of a fee based on the total amount of investments in the offering which are payable in cash and/or securities in addition to certain expense reimbursements.
Risk Factors
Risks Related to the Company's Business
The Company has no operating history and faces many of the risks and difficulties frequently encountered by early stage companies.
The Company is a newly formed company and to date its business development efforts have been focused on the development and marketing of a single computer game. Since its inception, the Company has not generated revenues. The Company has not built a customer base and has little or no brand name recognition. In addition, the Company faces many of the risks and difficulties inherent in gaining market share as a new company, including, but not limited to:

Developing and commercializing its computer game;
Developing and implementing an effective business plan;
Meet gamer expectations;
Attain gamer loyalty; and
Continuously develop and upgrading its product offerings.

The Company’s future will depend on its ability to finish and release its computer game or if the Company is not able to overcome any of the foregoing risks and difficulties, the Company may not be able to generate revenues.
The Company’s limited operating history makes it difficult to evaluate the Company’s future business prospects and to make decisions based on its historical performance.The Company’s limited operating history makes it difficult for Investors to evaluate the Company’s future business prospects and to make investment decisions on the basis of historical operations. Further, it is difficult, if not impossible, to forecast the Company’s potential future results based upon its historical data.
The market for computer games is unpredictable and subject to uncontrollable market and consumer conditions.The market for computer games is unpredictable and accordingly, games that are popular one moment, may not be so the next. The Company’s computer game may initially be popular, however, changing market and consumer conditions could result in the game no longer being popular, which would adversely effect sales and the Company’s ability to generate revenues.
The Company is relying upon a single computer game for its success. If the game is unsuccessful or the Company fails to develop and commercialize the product, the Company will not be able to generate any revenue.The Company is relying upon a single computer game for its success. If the Company is not able to complete the game, or if the Company is not able to commercialize the game or successfully market the game to players, the Company will not be able to generate revenues sufficient to meet its costs and may have to cease operations.
The computer gaming industry is subject to rapid technology changes and improvements and if the Company fails to anticipate and adopt new and improved technologies, the Company’s ability to compete will suffer.The rapid introduction of new and improved technologies in the computer gaming industry requires the Company to be able to anticipate and adopt new and improved technologies that its computer game must take advantage of in order to make it competitive in the market when it is released. The Company may not be able to anticipate or adopt its product to new and improved technologies, which could result in the Company’s product being technologically inferior to competitive products, or less appealing to consumers, or both, which would negatively impact the Company's ability to generate revenues.
If the Company’s game fails to gain market acceptance, the Company may not have sufficient capital to pay its expenses and to continue to operate.The Company’s success depends on generating revenues from the sale of its computer game. As a result, if the Company’s game does not achieve and sustain market acceptance sufficient to generate revenues to cover its costs, the Company may have to cease operations.
There is a significant and ever growing number of computer games available to the public and there can be no assurance that the Company will be able to generate market interest in its computer game.Computer gamers have a significant and ever growing number of computer games available to them at any given time. All of these other games will be competing with the Company’s game for gamers’ time and interest. Given the large array of games available, there can be no assurance that the Company will generate sufficient interest in its computer game to attract gamers. If the Company is not able to generate interest in its computer game, its ability to generate revenues will be materially adversely effected.
If the Company’s game is successful, the Company must effectively manage the growth of its operations, or its business will suffer.If the Company’s game is successful, the Company’s ability to successfully implement its business plan requires an effective planning and management process. In order to implement the Company’s business plan, the Company must either generate revenue from its current product, and future products or seek additional funding from outside sources. Neither of which can be assured. Further, in order to grow the Company’s operations, the Company will need to hire additional employees and to make investments in its business. If the Company is able to grow, it will place a significant strain on the Company's existing management and resources and will require the Company to institute financial and managerial controls. Any failure to manage any of the foregoing areas efficiently and effectively would cause the Company’s business to suffer.
Even if the Company does experience growth, there can be no assurance that the Company will grow profitably.The Company’s success is dependent upon the successful launch and subsequent market acceptance of its computer game. The Company cannot give any assurance that it will be able to successfully launch the computer game or gain market acceptance of the game. The Company’s business strategy is dependent on expanding its product offerings and increasing its proposed revenues. The Company’s plans to pursue revenue are at an early stage, and the Company cannot assure you that its plans will be successful or that it will start or successfully proceed with them as described.
If the Company cannot protect its intellectual property rights or technology effectively, it could have a material adverse effect on its ability to compete.Creating and marketing a unique computer game is critical to the Company’s success and ability to compete, and, therefore the Company’s ability to protect its intellectual property rights and technology is critical to its success. Competitors might reverse engineer or otherwise obtain and use the Company’s intellectual property without its permission and without its knowledge, thereby infringing the Company’s rights and allowing competitors to duplicate or replicate its product. If the Company fails to protect its intellectual property rights adequately, its ability to compete will be materially adversely effected.
If the Company infringes on the intellectual property rights of others, the Company may be required to redesign its computer game, enter into license agreements or cease marketing the game, which would have a material adverse effect on the Company’s ability to generate revenues.The Company’s success also depends in part on its ability to operate without infringing upon the intellectual property rights of third parties. Third parties may challenge that the Company’s computer game infringes on such third parties’ intellectual property rights. If challenged, litigation may be necessary to enforce the Company’s intellectual property rights, to determine the validity and scope of the intellectual property rights of others, or to defend against claims of infringement. This type of litigation, with or without merit, could result in the expenditure of significant financial and managerial resources and could result in adverse decisions against the Company. In the event of an adverse decision, the Company could be required to enter into royalty or licensing agreements, which would have the effect of reducing revenues generated by the computer game. Such royalty or licensing agreements, if required, may not be available on acceptable terms, if at all. In addition, any such litigation could result in the Company having to redesign or cease marketing the computer game. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect upon the Company’s ability to generate revenues.
The Company has limited sales and marketing capabilities. If the Company fails to effectively sell and market its computer game, it may not be able to generate any revenues.The Company has limited sales and marketing capabilities. If the Company does not develop a marketing plan and distribution plan for its computer game, it will be unable to effectively market its computer game. If the Company is not able to successfully market its computer game, it may not be able to generate any revenues.
The Company relies upon its two employees, and the loss of either would have a material adverse effect on the Company’s ability to generate revenues.The Company has two employees upon which it is relying for the development, launch and marketing of its computer game. Accordingly, the Company’s future is substantially dependent on the continued service of these two persons. The loss of the services of either of the Company’s employees could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s ability to generate revenues.
The Company is wholly dependent on the net proceeds raised from this Offering and failure to raise the Maximum Offering Amount could result in the Company being unable to complete development and market its game.The Company is wholly dependent on net proceeds received from this Offering to complete and market its computer game. In the event the Company sells less than the Maximum Offering Amount the Company will likely be required to scale back its development and marketing plans, which would result in a later than anticipated completion and launch date of its game. The Company has no commitment by any person to purchase Securities in this Offering and the Company does not have any commitments or immediate plans with respect to obtaining additional financing, and there can be no assurance that additional or sufficient financing will be available, or, if available, that it will be available on acceptable terms. If the Company fails to sell the Maximum Offering Amount, it could result in delays in development and launch of its computer game, which in turn would delay the possibility of generating any revenues.
The Company has broad discretion on how the Company will use any proceeds from this Offering.The Company has broad discretion on how to use the net proceeds of this Offering and may fail to utilize such net proceeds effectively. If the Company fails to utilize the net proceeds it receives, if any, from this Offering effectively, the Company’s ability to generate revenues could be materially adversely effected.
This Offering is being made in reliance on an exemption from registration requirements and there is no guarantee the Offering will comply with the requirements for such exemption.This Offering will not be registered with the SEC under the Securities Act or with the securities agency of any state. The Securities are being offered in reliance on the exemption from the registration provisions of the Securities Act and state securities laws applicable to offers and sales conducted pursuant to Section 4(a)(6) of the Securities Act and Regulation Crowdfunding promulgated thereunder. If this Offering should fail to comply with the requirements of such exemption, the Company may be fined and may have to return investors’ investments, which the Company may not have the funds to do. Accordingly, if the Company is found to have violated the requirements of the exemption, it would have a material adverse effect on the Company and its ability to generate revenues.
Risks related to the securities offered
The Securities offered in this Offering are "restricted securities" and subject to transfer restrictions.The Securities are "restricted securities" under the Federal securities laws and may not be sold or transferred except pursuant to an effective registration statement or an exemption under the Securities Act and applicable state or "Blue Sky" laws. There can be no assurance that a trading market for these Securities will ever develop. Accordingly, it will be extremely difficult for the investors who purchase Securities to sell or transfer them, if at all.
There can be no assurance that the Company will be able to make payments to holders of Securities or that Investors in this Offering will recover the investments.Payments to holders of Securities will be made out of revenues generated through the Company’s intellectual property. The Company’s ability to make payments to Security holders will therefore depend on the Company’s ability to complete, launch and successfully market its computer game. There can be no assurance that the Company will be able to complete, launch and market its computer game or that the Company will be able to generate revenues or make any payments to holders of Securities.
The offering price of the Securities has been determined by the Company and is not indicative of the Company’s actual value.The offering price of the Securities has been determined by the Company and bears no relationship to the value of the Company’s assets, its book value, or any other recognized criteria of value. The offering price should not be considered as an indication of the Company’s actual value or the value of the Securities.
The Securities only provide the holders with the right to receive a percentage of the Company’s revenues, and convey no other rights, therefore holders of Securities will have no right to participate in any vote submitted to the members of the Company.The Company is a limited liability company and is therefore managed by its manager who is elected by its members. Purchasers of Securities will not be members of the Company and will have no right to participate in any vote of the members. The Securities only provide holders with the right to receive a percentage of the Company's revenues generated through its intellectual property. The members of the Company may have interests that differ from Investors in this Offering and may vote in a way with which Investors in this Offering may disagree and which may be adverse to the interests of the Investors in this Offering.
Issuer Securities
How could the exercise of rights held by the principal shareholders affect the purchasers of the securities being offered? They can't.
What are the risks to purchasers of the securities relating to minority ownership in the issuer? No revenue.
What are the risks to purchasers associated with corporate actions including: additional issuances of securities, issuer repurchases of securities, a sale of the issuer or of assets of the issuer or transactions with related parties? Upon sale of the assets, depending on calculation of revenue sharing, a variable percentage of the amount realized pursuant to the sale of the asset (Damsel IP), revenue share interest holders will receive a payout.  Investors in the revenue sharing interests will have no say in the determination of an assets sale by the Issuer.






















                                Jacob Smith
                                                                February 14, 2017 at 5:16 pm

Will Damsel be releasing on Tablet's and Iphone devices?


















                                Megan Summers
                                Developer February 15, 2017 at 5:56 pm

We've been playing with a couple of ideas for mobile, but we won't announce anything until we can guarantee that we're able to recapture what makes Damsel unique. We don't think mobile is the place for quick spinoffs and every incarnation of Damsel is as valuable as the others.


















                                Keith Bradford Paul Hocker
                                                                March 4, 2017 at 12:13 am

Hi, I have question about how you all arrived at the projected number of units sold each month?


















                                Andrew Harris
                                                                March 24, 2017 at 6:34 pm

In regards to your business plans and offerings: Does your studio have market research in place to ensure that you do not cross contaminate between IPs of similar type games being developed by other developers? Has general counsel been consulted for this matter?


















                                Christian Enwere
                                                                April 19, 2017 at 11:59 am

As of now I see that its only available on windows...any plans for Mac OS computers or PS4 platform as an indie type game?


















                                Megan Summers
                                Developer May 10, 2017 at 6:20 pm

Hi Andrew! I completely understand wanting to be sure you are investing in people and a product that has thought through all of the legalities! We will be releasing Damsel as a complete game. Like you, buggy games on release drive me CRAZY!! I started in the games industry as a tester 9 years ago so we will have a very strict release testing schedule! Patches should only be needed for small edge cases. Thanks so much for your support!


















                                Megan Summers
                                Developer May 10, 2017 at 6:23 pm

Hi Christian, If you take a look at the target platforms you'll see we're releasing on Windows, Mac OS and Linux. We believe this to be the best starting point for Damsel's launch. Thanks!


















                                Megan Summers
                                                                May 15, 2017 at 2:06 am

Hello Investor,

My name is Megan and I'm the Producer and a developer of Damsel. I know there have been some replies from me in the past, but very sporadically. Equity Arcade has been posting my replies to questions as the platform has been developed. But I'm happy to say that this is reply is in real time and we are here to answer your questions.

There is a missing reply that makes the thread look a little weird. Here are the missing responses and questions
Andrew:
 "In regards to your business plans and offerings: Does your studio have market research in place to ensure that you do not cross contaminate between IPs of similar type games being developed by other developers? Has general counsel been consulted on this matter?"

Screwtape Studios - Megan: 
"In regards to IP contamination, nearly all assets, from art to underlying gameplay systems, have been and will continue to be developed in-house. We also ensure that we strictly adhere to the licenses of any 3rd party assets we use in the game. Any aesthetic similarity to other products, including visual, audio, and mechanical is entirely coincidental. If we deem it necessary, we will conduct a full chain of title evaluation before any commercial release. As this is a standard practice we have not engaged counsel for this specific matter.

A major part of  Damsel seeking funding is to continue the original production of assets by hiring a sound designer, rather than using sound purchasing sites (even though this is again a common practice)."

Andrew:
 "Has Screwtape developed an action plan for testing prior to launch? As a gamer myself, I would like a fully polished product released and ready versus patches upon patches for the games. I understand that is part of a development process its just the constant patches (30+ in a few years) that turns me off."

Screwtape Studios - Megan: 
"I completely understand wanting to be sure you are investing in people and a product that has thought through all of the legalities! 

We will be releasing Damsel as a full complete game. Like you, Buggy games on release drive me CRAZY!! I started in the Games industry as a tester 9 years ago so we will have a very strict release testing schedule!  Patches should only be needed for small edge cases 😁"


















                                Megan Summers
                                                                May 15, 2017 at 2:36 am

Hello again!

Anyone who hasn't played the demo build for a few weeks or more, download the demo again to see the progress made over the last 2 months of development. 

Biggest updates:
- Scoring updates - honing the scoring to complement, speed versus completionist players.
- UI Updates
- New Mechanics - Security Cameras now spawn enemies when you stand under them!
-Major optimisation 
-


















                                Megan Summers
                                                                May 15, 2017 at 2:40 am

One last Mechanic Update for the demo: Blood Barrels will now give you one health during the level if you are standing over the barrel when you destroy it.


















                                Jarrell Moody
                                                                May 22, 2017 at 11:07 pm

How did it go from 45 investors last month to 18 this month?


















                                EquityArcade 
                                                                May 24, 2017 at 5:42 pm

Hello Jarrell, Following the most recent change in the offering terms, not all investors reconfirmed their investment commitments and as a result the number of investors dropped.


















                                Brian Steiner
                                                                July 15, 2017 at 1:58 am

Am I going to get a return in my $100 investment? It said I'm overdue so I don't know how to get my money back. The investment never went through I guess since it didn't reach the quota. Therefore not getting any return on the investment and thus be refunded.







Log in or Sign Up to add a comment




*Units of Revenue Sharing Interests allow investors to receive a return from every dollar of revenue received by Damsel Productions, LLC.
**The offering information found on the EquityArcade website is a summary. Investors should download and read the entire Form C Offering Statement.
***The Damsel demo is pre-alpha software and represents an in-progress subset of the final game. As such, various aspects are subject to change between now and release. If you encounter any issues or are interested in streaming gameplay footage please contacts us at support@equityarcade.com. 























 







Get the demo! – Damsel Productions LLC

































Skip to content




Damsel Productions LLC
Damsel by Screwtape Studios















Get the demo!


















Want a tiny bite of the action?
Grab the Investor Demo of Damsel now and play the game yourself.
 
GET THE DEMO HERE! (Windows7/8/10, ~200MB)
 
Once you've played the demo, check out our offering here. We're looking to raise up to $100,000 for development and marketing of the game. Make a commitment for as low as $25 dollars and secure your stake in Damsel today! By doing so, you will OWN a percentage of the revenue generated from game sales!
 
If you have any issues with the demo, or just want to say hello, send and email to support@screwtape.net and we'll get right back to you.
 
Still not convinced? Here, watch this!

 
 
 













Copyright © 2017 Damsel Productions LLC — Stout theme by GoDaddy
















Damsel Productions LLC – Damsel by Screwtape Studios

































Skip to content




Damsel Productions LLC
Damsel by Screwtape Studios













Cause Distress Face the darkness in this fast-paced arcade platformer.


















Damsel Updates
	Join the mailing list to recieve updates about Damsel!
  Email address: 




 
 
 









 


















Super Stylish 
Fight through a mind blowingly detailed environment with super smooth animations and some of the best art you've ever seen in an indie game.
 

 
 
 











Arcade Action 
Smash high scores by taking out enemies and rescuing hostages with flair!  Tight, responsive controls make it easy to pull off satisfyingly complex moves that make it easy for everyone to play.
 

 
 
 











Intriguing Story 
Race across the world uncovering a corporate conspiracy put in motion by the upper echelons of the vampire elite.
 

 
 
 











Fight Like A Girl
Damsel is a frenetic arcade platformer set in a dark, pulpy, cartoon world.
Use Agent Damsel's incredible agility, wooden stake, and UV shotgun to climb the corporate ladder and unravel a global vampire conspiracy.
Damsel is made up of 120 bite sized missions across 15 stunning locations, where you'll rescue hostages, hack computers, decommission vampire tech, and of course help the immortal hordes see the light.
 
 
 
 







 
 
 











 
 
 












Can't wait for more?
Damsel will be available digitally for PC, Mac, and Linux.
Add the game to your wishlist today!





Add to Steam wishlist

 
 
 
 













Copyright © 2017 Damsel Productions LLC — Stout theme by GoDaddy





















Damsel Productions






























































DAMSEL PRODUCTIONS



London Based theatre company.Bringing together female artists, directors, designers and producers,to breathe life into scripts written by women.











Subscribe
Sign up to receive news and updates.




Email Address




Sign Up



Thank you!











damsel on twitter








Damsel Productions
RT @jessiecath: Here's a tip for Edinburgh ladz: Go see the ridic talented @missmillythomas's TWO shows (superwoman), Dust and Brutal Cessation #gonabebig
about 2 days ago









Damsel Productions
RT @WhatsOnStage: Calling all theatre writers - a new monologue writing competition opens today. https://t.co/5AlddqGKxH https://t.co/OmZdqyUSyJ
about 4 days ago









Damsel Productions
RT @KittyWordsworth: 👊@BechdelTheatre made a splash tonight. Big love to dream team @HannahHauerKing @IsleyLynn @GooseyT @HollyAugustine 💕 That was beautiful
about 4 days ago









Damsel Productions
RT @HannahHauerKing: DREAMY week of rehearsal with @IsleyLynn @HollyAugustine @GooseyT for @BechdelTheatre #BechdelTestingLife festival. Grab those tickets! 🎭👭🎭
about 6 days ago




DAMSEL ON INSTAGRAM






































































