Mitch Daniels - U.S. Governor - Biography.com


















































Subscribe to NewsletterAbout











                        Home








                        Mitch Daniels










Mitch Daniels Biography.comU.S. Governor(1949–)19SHARESQuick FactsNameMitch DanielsOccupationU.S. GovernorBirth DateApril 7, 1949 (age 68)EducationPrinceton University, Georgetown UniversityPlace of BirthMonongahela, PennsylvaniaAKAMitch DanielsFull NameMitchell E. Daniels Jr.Zodiac SignAries

Synopsis

Education and Early Career

Life in Public Office

Personal Life


Cite This PageRepublican politician Mitch Daniels is the governor of Indiana and worked in the administrations of presidents George W. Bush and Ronald Reagan.IN THESE GROUPSFamous Princeton University AlumniFamous People Born in PennsylvaniaFamous Georgetown University AlumniFamous RepublicansShow All Groups2012 Potential Republican Vice Presidential CandidatesFamous People Born on April 7Famous People Named MitchFamous People in U.S. PoliticsFamous AriansFamous People Named DanielsFamous People Born in 1949Famous People Born in United StatesFamous U.S. GovernorsFamous People Born in Monongahela


SynopsisBorn in 1949, Mitch Daniels studied public and international affairs at Princeton University, graduating in 1971. He earned his law degree from Georgetown University in 1979 and later worked for President Ronald Reagan's administration. Daniels later held executive positions with the Hudson Institute and Eli Lilly and Company. In 2001, he became President George W. Bush's budget director. Daniels became governor of Indiana in 2005.Education and Early CareerBorn in Pennsylvania, politician Mitch Daniels has made his name in another state. The Indiana governor has become a prominent national Republican figure during his two terms in office. He moved to Virginia with his family at an early age. A bright student, Daniels graduated from Princeton University's Woodrow Wilson School of Public and International Affairs in 1971. Daniels then pursued a law degree. During his legal studies, he interned with Richard Lugar, then the mayor of Indianapolis. Lugar won a seat in the Senate in 1976 and brought Daniels to Washington, D.C., as his chief of staff. In addition to managing his position with Lugar, Daniels found time to complete his law degree at Georgetown University in 1979. In the mid-1980s, Daniels moved on to work at the White House during President Ronald Reagan's administration. In 1987, Daniels returned to Indiana to serve as the president and CEO of the Hudson Institute, a conservative policy research and analysis firm. He held this position for several years before making the move to the private sector. In 1990, Daniels became a top executive at the pharmaceutical giant Eli Lilly and Company. He eventually became a senior vice president of corporate strategy and policy for the company. In 2001, Daniels returned to Washington, D.C. when President George W. Bush selected him to serve as the director of the Office of Management and Budget. In this position, Daniels earned his reputation as a fiscal conservative. He emphasized cost-cutting and reducing spending as the nation struggled financially. His budget recommendations did not always go over well with other politicians. "I can do my duty to the president or be universally popular, but probably not both," Daniels once said, according to The New York Times. Life in Public OfficeIn 2004, Daniels launched a grassroots campaign for the governorship of Indiana. He traveled across the state—sometimes on his motorcycle—and often stayed in the homes of his supporters. After winning the election, Daniels set out to improve his state's financial situation. He took office in 2005 and almost immediately established the Indiana Economic Development Corporation to attract new businesses and more jobs to the state. A supporter of smaller government, Daniels created the Indiana Toll Road in 2006, which privatized this stretch of roadway. Through this effort and others he was able to help the state make a remarkable fiscal recovery. He ran for a second term in 2008 and won by a landslide. Not only conservative in terms of budgetary spending, Daniels has proved to be a social conservative as well. He is a pro-life supporter and signed a bill in 2011 that denied federal funding for Planned Parenthood in the state. Around this same time, rumors circulated about Daniels becoming a possible Republican presidential candidate. He didn't put his hat into the ring, however. In 2012, Daniels put his support behind former Massachusetts governor Mitt Romney. He has since downplayed any suggestion that Romney might pick him to be his running mate. If approached, Daniels said in an television interview that ""I think I would demand reconsideration and send Mr. Romney a list of people I think could suit better." In June 2012, Daniels won election to a very different type of position. The board of trustees for Purdue University selected him as the school's next president. When his appointment was announced, Daniels officially stepped out of the political arena for the world of academics. "Effective immiediately, I will recuse myself from any partisan political activities or commentary," he said in a statement from Purdue University. Daniels is expected to assume his post at Purdue in January 2013 after completing his term as governor. Personal LifeDaniels and his wife Cheri have four daughters together, Meagan, Melissa, Meredith and Maggie. The twice-married couple split up for several years during the 1990s.Fact CheckWe strive for accuracy and fairness. If you see something that doesn't look right, contact us!Citation InformationArticle TitleMitch Daniels Biography.comAuthorBiography.com EditorsWebsite NameThe Biography.com websiteURLhttps://www.biography.com/people/mitch-daniels-20841527Access DateJuly 28, 2017PublisherA&E Television NetworksLast UpdatedApril 2, 2014Original Published Daten/a19SHARESBIO NEWSLETTERSign up to receive updates from BIO and A+E Networks.



MORE STORIES FROM BIO















                    Biography
                





                    Danny Greene
                







                            Organized Crime
                        



                            (1933–1977)
                        



















                    Biography
                





                    Ray Manzarek
                







                            Singer, Music Producer
                        



                            (1939–2013)
                        



















                    Biography
                





                    Daniel Hale Williams
                







                            Surgeon
                        



                            (1856–1931)
                        


















Loading…
See More


CloseCloseClose







Close
























of




















































SHOW INFO












ADVERTISEMENT












 





Mitch Daniels - Wikipedia






















 







Mitch Daniels

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Mitch Daniels








President of the Purdue University System



Incumbent



Assumed office
January 14, 2013


Preceded by
Timothy Sands (Acting)


49th Governor of Indiana


In office
January 10, 2005 – January 14, 2013


Lieutenant
Becky Skillman


Preceded by
Joe Kernan


Succeeded by
Mike Pence


Director of the Office of Management and Budget


In office
January 20, 2001 – June 6, 2003


President
George W. Bush


Preceded by
Jack Lew


Succeeded by
Joshua Bolten





Personal details


Born
Mitchell Elias Daniels Jr
(1949-04-07) April 7, 1949 (age 68)
Monongahela, Pennsylvania, U.S.


Political party
Republican


Spouse(s)
Cheri Herman (1978–1993; 1997–present)


Education
Princeton University (A.B.)
Georgetown University (J.D.)


Signature



Website
Purdue University website
Government website


Mitchell Elias "Mitch" Daniels Jr. (born April 7, 1949) is an American academic administrator, businessman, author, and retired politician who served as the 49th Governor of Indiana from 2005 to 2013. He is a member of the Republican Party. Since 2013, Daniels has been president of Purdue University.
Born in Monongahela, Pennsylvania, Daniels is a graduate of Princeton University, and received his Juris Doctor from Georgetown University Law Center after studying briefly at the Indiana University Robert H. McKinney School of Law. Daniels began his career working as an assistant to Richard Lugar, working as his chief of staff in the Senate from 1977 to 1982, and was appointed executive director of the National Republican Senatorial Committee when Lugar was chairman from 1983 to 1984. He worked as a chief political adviser and as a liaison to President Ronald Reagan in 1985, before he was appointed president of the conservative think tank, the Hudson Institute. Daniels moved back to Indiana, joining Eli Lilly and Company, working as president of North American Pharmaceutical Operations from 1993 to 1997, and senior vice president of corporate strategy and policy from 1997 to 2001. In January 2001, Daniels was appointed by President George W. Bush as the director of the U.S. Office of Management and Budget, where he served until June 2003.
Daniels announced his intention to run in Indiana's 2004 gubernatorial election after leaving the Bush administration. He won the Republican primary with 67% of the vote, and defeated Democratic incumbent Governor Joe Kernan in the general election. Daniels was reelected to a second term, defeating former U.S. Representative and US Department of Agriculture undersecretary Jill Long Thompson, on November 4, 2008. During his tenure as governor, Daniels cut the state government workforce by 18%, cut and capped state property taxes, and balanced the state budget through budget austerity measures and increasing spending by less than the inflation rate.[1][2] In his second term, Daniels saw protest by labor unions and Democrats in the state legislature over his policies regarding Indiana's school voucher program and the Indiana House of Representatives attempt to pass right to work legislation, leading to the 2011 Indiana legislative walkouts. During the legislature's last session under Daniels, he signed the right-to-work law; with Indiana becoming the 23rd state in the nation to do so.[3]
It was widely speculated that Daniels would be a candidate in the 2012 presidential election,[4][5][6] but he chose not to run.[7] He is the author of the best selling book Keeping the Republic: Saving America by Trusting Americans. Daniels was selected to be president of Purdue University after his term as governor ended on January 14, 2013.



Contents


1 Early life

1.1 Family and education
1.2 Early political career
1.3 Eli Lilly


2 Office of Management and Budget
3 Governor

3.1 Election campaign
3.2 First term

3.2.1 Budgetary measures
3.2.2 Daylight Saving Time
3.2.3 Highways
3.2.4 Economic development
3.2.5 Healthy Indiana Plan
3.2.6 WGU Indiana
3.2.7 Property tax reform
3.2.8 Voter registration


3.3 Reelection campaign
3.4 Second term

3.4.1 2011 legislative walkout
3.4.2 Education

3.4.2.1 Curriculum and funding


3.4.3 Abortion
3.4.4 Immigration
3.4.5 Budget cuts
3.4.6 Energy
3.4.7 Right to Work




4 2012 presidential speculation
5 2016 presidential speculation
6 Purdue University

6.1 Selection
6.2 Student interactions
6.3 Tuition freezes and cost reductions
6.4 Agenda
6.5 Compensation


7 Board service
8 Electoral history
9 Authorship
10 Honors
11 See also
12 References
13 External links



Early life[edit]
Family and education[edit]
Mitchell Elias Daniels, Jr., was born on April 7, 1949 in Monongahela, Pennsylvania, the son of Dorothy Mae (née Wilkes) and Mitchell Elias Daniels, Sr.[8] His father's parents were immigrants from Syria, of Antiochian Greek Orthodox descent.[9] Daniels has been honored by the Arab-American Institute with the 2011 Najeeb Halaby Award for Public Service.[10][11][12] His mother's ancestry was mostly English (where three of his great-grandparents were born).[13] Daniels spent his early childhood years in Pennsylvania, Tennessee,[14] and Georgia.
The Daniels family moved to Indiana from Pennsylvania in 1959 when his father accepted a job at the Indianapolis headquarters of the pharmaceutical company Pittman-Moore. Then 11-year-old Daniels was accustomed to the mountains, and he at first disliked the flatland of central Indiana. He was still in grade school at the time of the move and first attended Delaware Trail Elementary, Westlane Junior High School, and North Central High School. In high school he was student body president.[15] After graduation in 1967, Daniels was named one of Indiana's Presidential Scholars—the state's top male high school graduate that year—by President Lyndon B. Johnson.[16]
In 1971, Daniels earned a Bachelor's degree from the Woodrow Wilson School of Public and International Affairs at Princeton University. While there, he was a member of the American Whig–Cliosophic Society, where he overlapped with future Supreme Court Justice Samuel Alito, who was a year below. He initially studied law at the Indiana McKinney School of Law in Indianapolis. After accepting a job with newly elected Senator Richard Lugar, he transferred to the Georgetown University Law Center, from which he earned a Juris Doctor.[11]
In 1970, while an undergraduate student at Princeton, a grand jury indicted Daniels for marijuana possession and for maintaining a common nuisance.[17] The charges were eventually dropped and Daniels pleaded guilty to "a disorderly person charge" based on a confession that he had used marijuana. He spent two nights in jail and paid a $350 fine.[18] According to Daniels' roommate at the time, police obtained a warrant to search the room based on the activity of another student who used to live in the room. The roommate told the Daily Princetonian that "Unbeknownst to [Daniels and the other current roommates] … [the former roommate] was coming back there and using the room when we're not there and was involved with drugs much worse than pot."[17] Daniels told The Daily Princetonian in 2011 that "justice was served,"[19] and has disclosed the arrest on job applications, and spoken about the incident in columns in The Indianapolis Star[20] and The Washington Post.[21]
In February 2013, Princeton honored Daniels with the Woodrow Wilson Award, which recognizes an alumnus whose career embodies the call to duty in Wilson's famous speech, "Princeton in the Nation's Service." The award was presented during Alumni Day activities on February 23, 2013.
Early political career[edit]
Daniels had his first experience in politics while still a teenager when, in 1968, he worked on the unsuccessful campaign of fellow Hoosier and Princeton alumnus William Ruckelshaus, who was running for the U.S. Senate against incumbent Democrat Birch Bayh.[15] After the campaign Ruckelshaus helped Daniels secure an internship in the office of then-Indianapolis mayor Richard Lugar. Daniels worked on Lugar's re-election campaign in 1971, and later, in 1974, he worked on Lugar's first campaign for Senate via L. Keith Bulen's Campaign Communicators, Inc, a political consultancy where Daniels served as vice president. Daniels joined Lugar's mayoral staff in December, 1974.[22] Within three years, he became Lugar's principal assistant. After Lugar was elected to the U.S. Senate in 1976, Daniels followed him to Washington, D.C. as his Chief of Staff.[20]
Daniels served as Chief of Staff during Lugar's first term (1977–82); and, during this time, he met Cheri Herman, who was working for the National Park Service. The two married in 1978 and had four daughters. They divorced in 1993 and Cheri married again; Cheri later divorced her second husband and remarried Daniels in 1997.[11]
In 1983, when Lugar was elected chairman of the National Republican Senatorial Committee, Daniels was appointed its executive director. Serving in that position (1983–84), he played a major role in keeping the GOP in control of the Senate. Daniels was also manager of three successful re-election campaigns for Lugar. In August 1985, Daniels became chief political advisor and liaison to President Ronald Reagan.[20]
In 1987, Daniels returned to Indiana as president and CEO of the Hudson Institute, a conservative think tank.[11][23] In 1988, Dan Quayle was elected Vice President of the United States, and Governor of Indiana Robert D. Orr offered to appoint Daniels to Quayle's vacant Senate seat. Daniels declined the offer, saying it would force him to spend too much time away from his family.[15]
Eli Lilly[edit]
In 1990, Daniels left the Hudson Institute to accept a position at Eli Lilly and Company, the largest corporation headquartered in Indiana at that time.[24] He was first promoted to President of North American Operations (1993–97) and then to Senior Vice President for Corporate Strategy and Policy (1997–2001).[10][11][20] During his time at Lilly, Daniels managed a successful strategy to deflect attacks on Lilly's Prozac product by a public relations campaign against the drug being waged by the Church of Scientology. In one interview in 1992, Daniels said of the organization that "it is no church," and that people on Prozac were less likely to become victims of the organization. The Church of Scientology responded by suing Daniels in a libel suit for $20 million. A judge dismissed the case.[25]
Eli Lilly experienced dramatic growth during Daniels' tenure at the company. Prozac sales made up 30–40% of Lilly's income during the mid-to-late 1990s, and Lilly doubled its assets to $12.8 billion and doubled its revenue to $10 billion during the same period. When Daniels later became Governor of Indiana, he drew heavily on his former Lilly colleagues to serve as advisers and agency managers.[26]
During the same period, Daniels also served on the board of directors of the Indianapolis Power & Light (IPL). He resigned from the IPL Board in 2001 to join the federal government, and sold his IPL stock for $1.45 million. Later that year the value declined when Virginia-based AES Corporation bought IPL.[10] The Indiana Securities Division subsequently investigated the sale and found no wrongdoing, but opponents brought up the sale and questioned it during his later election campaign.[25]
Daniels has said his time in the private sector at Eli Lilly was the experience that most helped him to serve as an effective governor. "I probably learned more there," Daniels said in 2015. "I’ll say this, I’ve enjoyed each opportunity, but frequently I was asked later, 'What previous experiences helped most to be an effective governor?,' that sort of thing. People would always expect me to name something from public life, but probably the experience in business, trying to manage for results, trying to get large numbers of people aligned and headed in a common direction, these were probably the most valuable days I spent." [27]
Office of Management and Budget[edit]
In January 2001, Daniels accepted President George W. Bush's invitation to serve as director of the Office of Management and Budget (OMB). He served as Director from January 2001 through June 2003. In this role he was also a member of the National Security Council and the Homeland Security Council.
During his time as the director of the OMB, Bush referred to him as "the Blade," for his noted acumen at budget cutting.[28] The $2.13 trillion budget Daniels submitted to Congress in 2001 would have made deep cuts in many agencies to accommodate the tax cuts being made, but few of the spending cuts were actually approved by Congress.[15] During Daniels' 29-month tenure in the position, the projected federal budget surplus of $236 billion declined to a $400 billion deficit, due to an economic downturn, and failure to enact spending cuts to offset the tax reductions.[20]
Following the September 11, 2001 attacks, Congress passed legislation authorizing the creation of the Department of Homeland Security. Just before the legislation was signed by Bush, Republican lawmakers inserted language into the bill that authorized protection from liability corporations that manufactured thimerosal, a controversial vaccine preservative that has been the subject of multiple lawsuits.[29] Eli Lilly was once the largest maker of thimerosal and is a major target of the lawsuits.[30] Daniels was the budget director at the time of the bill's passing and some [31][32][29] have raised concerns over potential conflicts of interest. Congress repealed the thimerosal provision following expressions of public displeasure.[31]
Shortly after the invasion of Afghanistan, Daniels gave a speech to the National Press Club in which he challenged the view of those who wanted to continue typical spending while the nation was at war. “The idea of reallocating assets from less important to more important things, especially in a time of genuine emergency, makes common sense and is applied everywhere else in life,” he said.[33]
Conservative columnist Ross Douthat stated in a column about Daniels time at OMB that Daniels "carried water, as director of the Office of Management and Budget, for some of the Bush administration’s more egregious budgets."[34] But Douthat, while calling Daniels “America’s Best Governor,” defended Daniels against accusations that Daniels inaccurately assessed the costs of the Iraq war.[35]
In the final days of 2002, when an invasion of Iraq was still a hypothetical question, Daniels told the New York Times that the cost of war with Iraq “could be” in the range of $50 to $60 billion. It was not clear whether Daniels was referring to the cost of a short invasion or a longer war, but he did indicate the administration was budgeting for both. He also described the “back-of-the-envelope” estimate by Bush Economic Advisor Lawrence B. Lindsey that it would cost $100 to $200 billion as much too high.[36] Two days later, after the New Years Holiday, an OMB spokesperson clarified Daniels’ remarks, adding that the $50 to $60 billion figure was not a hard White House estimate and “it is impossible to know what any military campaign would ultimately cost. The only cost estimate we know of in this arena is the Persian Gulf War and that was a $60 billion event".[37]
Three months later, on March 25, 2003, five days after the start of the invasion, President Bush requested $53 billion through an emergency supplemental appropriation to cover operational expenses in Iraq until September 30 of that year.[38] According to the Congressional Budget Office, Military operations in Iraq for 2003 cost $46 Billion, less than the amount projected by Daniels and OMB.[39] Douthat and other Daniel’s defenders accuse Daniels' critics of mischaracterizing the six-month supplemental appropriation as a request to fund the entire war.[34][35]
Between September 2001 and October 2012, lawmakers appropriated about $1.4 trillion for operations in both the war in Iraq and Afghanistan.[40]
Governor[edit]
Election campaign[edit]
Main article: Indiana gubernatorial election, 2004
Daniels' decision to run for Governor of Indiana led to most of the rest of Republican field of candidates to drop out of the race. The only challenger who did not do so was conservative activist and lobbyist Eric Miller. Miller worked for the Phoenix Group, a Christian rights defense group. Daniels' campaign platform centered on cutting the state budget and privatizing public agencies. He won the primary with 67% of the vote.[41]
While campaigning in the general election, Daniels visited all 92 counties at least three times. He traveled in a donated white RV nicknamed "RV-1" and covered with signatures of supporters and his campaign slogan, "My Man Mitch."[42] "My Man Mitch" was a reference to a phrase once used by President George W. Bush to refer to Daniels. Bush campaigned with Daniels on two occasions, as Daniels hoped that Bush's popularity would help him secure a win. In his many public stops, he frequently used the phrase "every garden needs weeding every sixteen years or so"; it had been 16 years since Indiana had had a Republican governor.[41] His opponent in the general election was the incumbent, Joe Kernan, who had succeeded to the office upon the death of Frank O'Bannon. Campaign ads by Kernan and the Democratic Party attempted to tie Daniels to number of issues—his jail time for marijuana use; a stock sale leading to speculations of insider trading; and, because of his role at Eli Lilly, the high cost of prescription drugs.[42] The 2004 election was the costliest in Indiana history, up until that time, with the candidates spending a combined US$23 million.[41] Daniels won the election, garnering about 53% of the vote compared to Kernan's 46%.[41] Kernan was the first incumbent governor to lose an election in Indiana since 1892.[41]
First term[edit]




Mitch Daniels visits Camp Arifjan in Kuwait


On his first day in office, Daniels created Indiana's first Office of Management and Budget to look for inefficiencies and cost savings throughout state government. The same day, he decertified all government employee unions by executive order, removing the requirement that state employees pay union dues by rescinding a mandate created by Governor Evan Bayh in a 1989 executive order. Dues-paying union membership subsequently dropped 90% among state employees.[43][44]
Budgetary measures[edit]
In his first State of the State address on January 18, 2005, Daniels put forward his agenda to improve the State's fiscal situation. Indiana has a biennial budget, and had a projected two-year deficit of $800 million. Daniels called for strict controls on all spending increases, and reducing the annual growth rate of the budget. He also proposed a one-year 1% tax increase on all individuals and entities earning over $100,000. The taxing proposal was controversial and the Republican Speaker of the House, Brian Bosma, criticized Daniels and refused to allow the proposal to be debated.[41][45]
The General Assembly approved $250 million in spending cuts and Daniels renegotiated 30 different state contracts for a savings of $190 million, resulting in a budget of $23 billion. Annual spending growth for future budgets was cut to 2.8% from the 5.9% that had been standard for many years.[45][46] Increase in revenues, coupled with the spending reductions, led to a $300 million budget surplus. Indiana is not permitted to take loans, as borrowing was prohibited in its constitution following the 1837 state bankruptcy. The state, therefore, had financed its deficit spending by reallocating $760 million in revenue that belonged to local government and school districts over the course of many years. The funds were gradually and fully restored to the municipal governments using the surplus money, and the state reserve fund was grown to $1.3 billion.[46]
Two of Daniels' other tax proposals were approved: a tax on liquor and beverages to fund the construction of the Lucas Oil Stadium and a tax on rental cars to expand the Indiana Convention Center. The new source of funding resulted in a state take-over of a project initially started by the City of Indianapolis and led to a bitter feud between Daniels and the city leadership over who should have ownership of the project. The state ultimately won and took ownership of the facilities from the city.[47]
In 2006, Daniels continued his effort to reduce state operating costs by signing into law a bill privatizing the enrollment service for the state's welfare programs. Indiana's welfare enrollment facilities were replaced with call centers operated by IBM. In mid-2009, after complaints of poor service, Daniels canceled the contract and returned the enrollment service to the public sector.[35]
Daylight Saving Time[edit]
One of the most controversial measures Daniels successfully pushed through was the state adoption of Daylight Saving Time, which Daniels argued would save the state money on energy costs.[47] Although the state is in the Eastern Time Zone, Indiana's counties had adopted their own time zone practices, and in practice the state effectively observed two different times, and the central part of the state maintained a single time—Eastern Standard—year round.[47] Interests for both EST and CST time zones had prevented the official adoption of daylight saving since the 1930s, and had led to decades of debate. Daniels pressed for the entire state to switch to Central Time, but the General Assembly could not come to terms. Ultimately after a long debate, they adopted Eastern Daylight Saving Time in April 2005, the measure passing by one vote, putting all but northwestern and southwestern Indiana on the same time for the first time.[47]
Highways[edit]
A controversial plan, known as the Major Moves plan, was passed in 2006. The Indiana Toll Road was leased to Statewide Mobility Partners, a joint venture company owned by Spanish firm Cintra and Australia's Macquarie Infrastructure Group for 75 years in exchange for a one time payment of $3.85 billion. The measure was opposed by most Democrats, who began an advertising campaign accusing Daniels of selling the road to foreign nations.[48][49] The income from the lease was used to finance a backlog of public transportation projects and create a $500 million trust fund to generate revenue for the maintenance of the highway system.[46]
Daniels' support for such controversial legislation led to a rapid drop in his approval rating; in May 2005, a poll showed an 18-point drop in support and that only 42% of Hoosiers approved of the way he was doing his job. In the following months, many of his reforms began to have a positive effect; and his ratings began to improve, and his approval rebounded.[50]
Economic development[edit]
Main article: Indiana Economic Development Corporation




Governor Daniels addresses state and federal assistance available to tornado and flood victims with then Congressman Mike Pence, FEMA Administrator R. David Paulison


When Daniels was elected, he stated his number one priority was job creation.[10] To achieve that goal, he created the public-private Indiana Economic Development Corporation (IEDC), became chairman of its board, and ordered it to “act at the speed of business, not the speed of government,” to attract new jobs. During its first year, the IEDC closed more transactions than similar efforts had during the previous two years combined. Between 2005 and 2008, 485 businesses committed to creating more than 60,000 new jobs and invest $14.5 billion into the Indiana economy. [10] By the end of the administration, IEDC claimed to have closed on almost 1,500 deals to create a projected 169,000 new jobs since 2005.[51]
During a 12-day trade mission in Asia, Daniels visited Indiana soldiers serving on the border of the Korean Demilitarized Zone. On the 56th anniversary of the start of the Korean War, he laid a bouquet of white flowers at the base of a plaque listing 900 soldiers from Indiana who died in the war. During the visit he met with Asian auto executives and successfully promoted the expansion of facilities in Indiana.[52]
In 2006, the IEDC topped its 2005 results. It landed three high-profile automotive investments from Toyota, Honda, and Cummins. In 2007, the IEDC announced its third consecutive record-breaking year for new investment and job commitments in Indiana with its largest deal being made with BP to construct $3.2 billion in facilities to assist in recovery of fuel from the Canadian tar sands.[10][46]
In March 2010, WTHR Indianapolis News published a story claiming that as of that date, up to 40% of the jobs the corporation reported to have helped create had not come to fruition. The IEDC revised the numbers in response to the report, claiming that just 13% of the job commitments they had received had not come to fruition as of 2010.[53]
Healthy Indiana Plan[edit]
In 2007, Daniels signed the Healthy Indiana Plan, which provided 132,000 uninsured Indiana workers with coverage. The program works by helping its beneficiaries purchase a private health insurance policy with a subsidy from the state. The plan promotes health screenings, early prevention services, and smoking cessation. It also provides tax credits for small businesses that create qualified wellness and Section 125 plans. The plan was paid for by an increase in the state’s tax on cigarettes and the reallocation of federal Medicaid funds through a special waiver granted by the federal government. In a September 15, 2007 Wall Street Journal column, Daniels was quoted as saying about the Healthy Indiana Plan and cigarette tax increase saying, “A consumption tax on a product you'd just as soon have less of doesn't violate the rules I learned under Ronald Reagan."[54]
The plan allows low to moderate income households where the members have no access to employer provided healthcare to apply for coverage. The fee for coverage is calculated using a formula that results in a charge between 2%–5% of a person's income. A $1,100 annual deductible is standard on all policies and allows applicants to qualify for a health savings account. The plan pays a maximum of $300,000 in annual benefits.[55]
WGU Indiana[edit]
Western Governors University of Indiana is the eighth university in Indiana and was formed with the support of Gov. Mitch Daniels in 2010.[56] The purpose of the new on-line university is to increase education opportunities for working adults across Indiana. In December 2012 WGU Indiana celebrated its 500th graduate.[57]
Property tax reform[edit]
See also: Taxation in Indiana
In 2008, Daniels proposed a property tax ceiling of one percent on residential properties, two percent for rental properties and three percent for businesses. The plan was approved by the Indiana General Assembly on March 14, 2008 and signed by Daniels on March 19, 2008. In 2008, Indiana homeowners had an average property tax cut of more than 30 percent; a total of $870 million in tax cuts. Most money collected through property taxes funds local schools and county government. To offset the loss in revenues to the municipal bodies, the state raised the sales tax from 6% to 7% effective April 1, 2008.[58]
Fearing a future government may overturn the statute enforcing property tax rate caps, Daniels and other state Republican leaders pressed for an amendment to add the new tax limits to the state constitution. The proposed amendment was placed on the 2010 General election ballot and was a major focus of Daniels' reelection campaign. In November 2010, voters elected to adopt the tax caps into the Indiana Constitution.[59]
Daniels' successes at balancing the state budget began to be recognized nationally near the end of his first term. Daniels was named on the 2008 "Public Officials of the Year" by the Governing magazine.[60] The same year, he received the 2008 Urban Innovator Award from the Manhattan Institute for his ideas for dealing with the state's fiscal and urban problems.[61]
Voter registration[edit]
Main article: Crawford v. Marion County Election Board
In the 2005 session of the General Assembly, Daniels and Republicans, with some Democratic support, successfully enacted a voter registration law that required voters to show a government issued photo ID before they could be permitted to vote. The law was the first of its kind in the United States, and many civil rights organizations, like the ACLU, opposed the bill saying it would unfairly impact minorities, poor, and elderly voters who may be unable to afford an ID or may be physically unable to apply for an ID. To partially address those concerns, the state passed another law authorizing state license branches to offer free state photo ID cards to individuals who did not already possess another type of state ID.[62]
A coalition of civil rights groups began a court challenge of the bill in Indiana state courts, and the Daniels' administration defended the government in the case. The Indiana Supreme Court ruled in favor of the state in late 2007. The petitioners appealed the bill to the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit, and that body upheld the State Supreme Court decision in the case of Crawford v. Marion County Election Board. Upon appeal the United States Supreme Court also ruled in favor of the state in April 2008, setting a legal precedent. Several other states subsequently enacted similar laws in the years following.[62]
Reelection campaign[edit]
See also: Indiana gubernatorial election, 2008




Mitch Daniels (left) talking to members of the Indiana National Guard.


Daniels entered the 2008 election year with a 51% approval rate, and 28% disapproval rate. Daniels' reelection campaign focused on the states unemployment rate, which had lowered during his time in office, the proposed property tax reform amendment, and the successful balancing of the state budget during his first term.[63]
On November 4, 2008, Daniels defeated Democratic candidate Jill Long Thompson and was elected to a second term as governor with 57.8% of votes.[64] He was reinaugurated on January 12, 2009. Washington Post blogger Chris Cillizza named the Daniels reelection campaign "The Best Gubernatorial Campaign of 2008" and noted that some Republicans were already bandying about his name for the 2012 presidential election.[65] Daniels garnered 20 percent of the African American vote and 37 percent of Latinos in his 2008 re-election campaign. He won with more votes than any candidate in the state's history.
On July 14, 2010 at the Indianapolis Museum of Art, Daniels was on hand to help announce the return of IndyCar Series chassis manufacturing to the state of Indiana.[66] Dallara Automobili will build a new technology center in Speedway, Indiana and the state of Indiana will subsidize the sale of the first 28 IndyCar chassis with a $150,000 discount.[67]
Daniels has been recognized for his commitment to fiscal discipline. He is a recent recipient of the Herman Kahn Award from the conservative think tank the Hudson Institute, of which he is a former president and CEO, and was one of the first to receive the Fiscy award for fiscal discipline.[68] A November 2010 poll gave Daniels a 75% approval rate.[69]
Second term[edit]




Governor Mitch Daniels in August 2010


Democrats won a majority in the Indiana House of Representatives in the 2006 and 2008 elections. This caused Indiana to have a divided government, with Democrats controlling the Indiana House of Representatives and the Republicans controlling the governor's office and the Indiana Senate. This also lead to a stalemate in the budget debate, which caused Mitch Daniels call a special session of the Indiana General Assembly. The state was faced with a $1 billion shortfall in revenue for the 2009–11 budget years. Daniels proposed a range of spending cuts and cost-saving measures in his budget proposal. The General Assembly approved some of his proposals, but relied heavily on the state's reserve funds to pay for the budget shortfall. Daniels signed the $27 billion two-year budget into law.
2011 legislative walkout[edit]
See also: 2011 Indiana legislative walkouts
In the 2010 mid-term elections, Republican super-majorities regained control of the House, and took control of the Senate, giving the party full control of General Assembly for the first time in Daniels' tenure as governor. The 2011 Indiana General Assembly's regular legislative session began in January and the large Republicans majorities attempted to implement a wide-ranging conservative agenda largely backed by Daniels. Most of the agenda had been "dormant" since Daniels' election due to divided control of the assembly.[70] In February, Republican legislators attempted to pass a right to work bill in the Indiana House of Representatives. The bill would have made it illegal for employees to be required to join a workers' union. Republicans argued that it would help the state attract new employers. Unable to prevent the measure from passing, Democratic legislators fled the state to deny the body quorum while several hundred protesters staged demonstrations at the capital. Minority walkouts are somewhat common in the state, occurring as recently as 2005.[71]
While Daniels supported the legislation, he believed the Republican lawmakers should drop the bill because it was not part of their election platform and deserved a period of public debate. Republicans subsequently dropped the bill, but the Democratic lawmakers still refused to return to the capital, demanding additional bills be tabled, including a bill to create a statewide school voucher program. Their refusal to return left the Indiana General Assembly unable to pass any legislation, until three of the twelve bills they objected to were dropped from the agenda on March 28. The minority subsequently returned to the statehouse to resume their duties.[71]
Daniels was interviewed in February 2011 about the similar 2011 Wisconsin budget protests in Madison. While supporting the Wisconsin Republicans, he said that in Indiana "we're not in quite the same position or advocating quite the same things they are up in Madison."[72]
Education[edit]
Following the legislative walkouts, the assembly began passing most of the agenda and Daniels signed the bills into law. Written in collaboration with Indiana Superintendent of Public Instruction Tony Bennett, a series of education reform laws made a variety of major changes to statewide public schools. A statewide school voucher program was enacted. Children in homes with an income under $41,000 could receive vouchers equal to 90% of the cost of their public school tuition and use that money to attend a private school. It provides lesser benefits to households with income over $41,000. The program will be gradually phased in over a three-year period and would be available to all state residents by 2014.[70][73][74]
Other funds were redirected to creating and expanding charter schools, and expanding college scholarship programs. The law also created a merit pay system to give better performing teachers higher wages, and gave broader authority to school superintendents to terminate the employment of teachers and restricts the collective bargaining rights of teachers.[73]
WGU Indiana was established through an executive order on June 14, 2010 by Daniels, as a partnership between the state and Western Governors University in an effort to expand access to higher education for Indiana residents and increase the percentage of the state’s adult population with education beyond high school.
Curriculum and funding[edit]
In July 2013, the Associated Press obtained emails under Indiana open record laws in which Daniels asked for assurances that a textbook, "The People's History of the United States," written by historian Howard Zinn "is not in use anywhere in Indiana." Daniels wrote in 2010, "This crap should not be accepted for any credit by the state."[75][76][77][78][79] Daniels' e-mails were addressed to Scott Jenkins, his education adviser, and David Shane, a top fundraiser and state school board member. Daniels and his aides came to agreement and the governor wrote to them, “Go for it. Disqualify propaganda ...." Part of Shane's input was that a statewide review “would force to daylight a lot of excrement.”[77] Though Teresa Lubbers, the state commissioner of higher education, was mentioned in the e-mails regarding the statewide review of courses, she later said that she "was never asked to conduct the survey of courses described in the e-mail exchanges, and that her office did not conduct such a survey".[76]
In one of the emails, Daniels expressed contempt for Zinn upon his death:

This terrible anti-American academic has finally passed away...The obits and commentaries mentioned his book, ‘A People’s History of the United States,’ is the ‘textbook of choice in high schools and colleges around the country.’ It is a truly execrable, anti-factual piece of disinformation that misstates American history on every page. Can someone assure me that it is not in use anywhere in Indiana? If it is, how do we get rid of it before more young people are force-fed a totally false version of our history?[80]

Three years later, in the wake of the revelations, 90 of Purdue's roughly 1,800 professors issued an open letter expressing their concern over Daniels' commitment to academic freedom.[81][82] Daniels responded by saying that if Zinn were alive and a member of the Purdue faculty, he would defend his free speech rights and right to publish.[83] In a letter responding to the professors, Daniels wrote, "In truth, my emails infringed on no one's academic freedom and proposed absolutely no censorship of any person or viewpoint."[75]
In a separate and unrelated round of emails composed in 2009, Indiana Education officials shared concerns with Daniels about the lobbying resources and activities of the Indiana Urban Schools Association. Daniels asked that the administration "examine cutting them out, at least of the [funding] 'surge' we are planning for the next couple yrs." The executive director of IUSA is Charles Little, an Indiana University-Purdue University Indianapolis professor of education, who had criticized him. It wasn’t immediately clear if the audit went through.[75] Daniels said he had never heard of Charles Little.[84]
Abortion[edit]
On April 27, 2011, the Indiana legislature passed a bill authored by State Rep. Eric Turner that prohibited taxpayer dollars from supporting organizations that performed abortions. The legislation also prohibited abortions for women more than 20 weeks pregnant, four weeks sooner than the previous law.[85] Although Daniels would later say he supported the bill from the outset, it was not part of his legislative agenda and he did not indicate whether he would sign or veto the law until after it passed the General Assembly.[86] Daniels signed the bill on May 10, 2011.[85]
Planned Parenthood and the ACLU subsequently brought a lawsuit against the state alleging it was being targeted unfairly, that the state law violated federal medicaid laws, and that their Fourteenth Amendment rights were violated. A May 11 ruling allowing the case to move forward, but denied the request from the petitioners to grant a temporary injunction to restore the funding;[87] however, a June 24 ruling prohibited the state from enforcing the law.[88]
Immigration[edit]
On May 10 Daniels signed into law two immigration bills; one denying in-state tuition prices to illegal immigrants and another creating fines for employers that employed illegal immigrants. Several protestors, at least five of whom were illegal immigrants, were arrested while protesting the law at the statehouse when they broke into Daniels' office after being denied a meeting. Student leaders called for their release, while some state legislators called for their deportation.[89]
State Democratic Party leaders accused Daniels and the Republicans of passing controversial legislation only to enhance Daniels' image so he could seek the presidency. Daniels, however, denied the charges, saying he would have enacted the same agenda years earlier had the then-Democratic majority permitted him to do so.[70]
Budget cuts[edit]
The state forecast continued revenue declines in 2010 that would result in a $1.7 billion budget shortfall if the state budget grew at its normal rate. Daniels submitted a two-year $27.5 billion spending plan to the General Assembly which would result in a $500 million surplus that would be used to rebuild the state reserve funds to $1 billion. He proposed a wide range of budget austerity measures, including employee furloughing, spending reductions, freezing state hiring, freezing state employee wages, and a host of administrative changes for state agencies. The state had already been gradually reducing its workforce by similar freezes, and by 2011, Indiana had the fewest state employees per capita than any other state—a figure Daniels touted to say Indiana had the nation's smallest government.[90][91]
Daniels backed the creation of additional toll roads, expanding on his 2006 overhaul of the Indiana Toll Road system (known as "Major Moves"), in an attempt to secure an additional source of revenue for the state. But opposition from within his own party led to the bill being withdrawn by its Republican sponsor, Sen. Tom Wyss, which resulted in Daniels's only significant legislative defeat during the 2011 session.[74]
The legislative walkouts delayed progress on the budget passage for nearly two months, but the House of Representatives was able to begin working on it in committee in April. The body made several alterations to the bill, including a reapportionment of education funding based more heavily on the number of students at a school, and removing some public school funding to finance the new voucher system and charter schools.[91]
Energy[edit]
Daniels announced in October 2006 that a substitute natural gas company intended to build a facility in southern Indiana that would produce pipeline quality substitute natural gas (SNG).[92] The lead investor was Leucadia National, which proposed a $2.6 billion plant in Rockport, Indiana. Under the terms of the deal endorsed by Daniels, the state would buy almost all the Rockport gas and resell it on the open market throughout the country. If the plant made money from the sale, excess profits would be split between Leucadia National's Indiana subsidiary, Indiana Gassification, and the state. If it lost money from the sale, then 100% of the losses would be passed onto Indiana consumers. Leucadia agreed to reimburse the state for any losses, up to $150 million over 30 years.[93] Gas from the plant would make up about 17 percent of the state's supply. Critics feared that if gas prices fell over the next 30 years, the costs of the lost profits would be passed onto the bills of residents once the $150 million guarantee by Leucadia was used up.[93] The deal also received criticism due to government intrusion in the energy markets.[94] Questions were also raised due to Leucadia National hiring Mark Lubbers to promote the deal. Lubbers is a former aide and close friend of Daniels.[95] The Daniels administration maintained that the plant would create jobs in an economically depressed part of the state and offer environmental benefits through an in-state energy source.[33] The project was ultimately panned by the state legislature in 2013.[96]
Right to Work[edit]
Indiana became the first state in a decade to adopt Right to Work legislation.[97] Indiana is home to many manufacturing jobs. The Indiana Economic Development Corp. has reported that 90 firms said the new law was an important factor in deciding to move to Indiana.[98] Gov. Daniels signed the legislation on Feb 1, 2012 without much fanfare in the hopes of dispersing labor protesters before the Super Bowl in Indianapolis.[99]
2012 presidential speculation[edit]
Although Daniels had claimed to be reluctant to seek higher office, many media outlets, including Politico, The Weekly Standard, Forbes, The Washington Post, CNN, The Economist, and The Indianapolis Star began to speculate that Daniels may intend to seek the Republican nomination for president in 2012 after he joined the national debate on cap and trade legislation by penning a response in The Wall Street Journal to policies espoused by the Democratic-majority Congress and the White House in August 2010.[49][100] The speculation has included Daniels' record of reforming government, reducing taxes, balancing the budget, and connecting with voters in Indiana.[101][102][103][104] Despite his signing into law of bills that toughened drug enforcement, regulated abortion, and a defense of marriage act, he has angered some conservatives because of his call for a "truce" on social issues so the party can focus on fiscal issues.[citation needed] His "willingness to consider tax increases to rectify a budget deficit" has been another source of contention.[105]
In August 2010, The Economist praised Daniels' "reverence for restraint and efficacy" and concluded that "he is, in short, just the kind of man to relish fixing a broken state—or country."[49] Nick Gillespie of Reason called Daniels "a smart and effective leader who is a serious thinker about history, politics, and policy," and wrote that "Daniels, like former New Mexico Gov. Gary Johnson, is a Republican who knows how to govern and can do it well."[106] In February 2011, David Brooks of The New York Times described Daniels as the "Party's strongest [would be] candidate", predicting that he "couldn't match Obama in grace and elegance, but he could on substance."[107]
On December 12, 2010, Daniels suggested in a local interview that he would decide on a White House run before May 2011.[108]
Different groups and individuals pressured Daniels to run for office.[109] In response to early speculation, Daniels dismissed a presidential run in June 2009, saying "I've only ever run for or held one office. It's the last one I'm going to hold."[110] However, in February 2010 he told a Washington Post reporter that he was open to the idea of running in 2012.[111]
On March 6, 2011, Daniels was the winner of an Oregon (Republican Party) straw poll. Daniels drew 29.33% of the vote, besting second place finisher Mitt Romney (22.66%) and third place finisher Sarah Palin (18.22%), and was the winner of a similar straw poll in the state of Washington.[112] On May 5, 2011, Daniels told an interviewer that he would announce "within weeks" his decision of whether or not to run for the Republican presidential nomination. He said he felt he was not prepared to debate on all the national issues, like foreign policy, and needed time to better understand the issues and put together formal positions.[113] Later in May, as the Republican field began to resolve with announcements and withdrawals of other candidates, Time said, "Even setting aside his somewhat unusual family situation, Daniels would need to hurry to put together an organization" and raise enough money if he intended to run.[114]
Daniels announced he would not seek the Republican nomination for the presidency on the night of May 21, 2011, via an email to the press, citing family constraints and the loss of privacy the family would experience should he become a candidate.[115]
2016 presidential speculation[edit]
In January 2014, the Republican National Committee sent an email to subscribers, asking them to pick their top three presidential choices. The poll included thirty two potential candidates including Daniels.[116] In March 2015, Fortune Magazine named Daniels No. 41 on its list of the world's 50 greatest leaders, generating a new round of calls for Daniels to consider his options in 2016. Daniels was the only American university president and the only national political figure (excluding Detroit Mayor Mike Duggan,) to make the global list.[117]
Purdue University[edit]




Purdue University President Mitch Daniels talks with Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack in 2014


Selection[edit]
The Purdue University Board of Trustees unanimously elected Mitch Daniels president of Purdue University on June 21, 2012. As governor, Daniels had appointed 8 of the 10 Board members and had reappointed the other two, which critics claimed was a conflict of interest. A state investigation released in October 2012 found that the circumstances did not violate the Indiana Code of Ethics.[118] Other critics of his selection pointed out that unlike previous Purdue presidents, he lacked a background in academia.[119] His term as president began upon completion of his term as governor in January 2013. In preparation for his term as President of Purdue University, Daniels stopped participating in partisan political activity during the 2012 election cycle and focused instead on issues related to higher education and fiscal matters.
In order to avoid the financial cost of a formal inauguration, Daniels instead wrote an "Open Letter to the People of Purdue" in which he documented the challenges facing higher education and outlined his initial priorities such as affordability, academic excellence and academic freedom.[120] Daniels has continued this practice, opting to send Open Letters to the Purdue community instead of giving a formal State of the University speech, as is more common in higher education.
Student interactions[edit]
Daniels works out daily at the student gym and eats frequently with students in student dining facilities.[121] In March 2013, he joined forces with a group of engineering students to create a viral music video promoting engineering and Purdue University. Within 24 hours, the video had received over 50,000 views.[122]
Purdue home football games feature a segment entitled "Where's Mitch?", in which, the stadium video board shows the camera panning the crowd and eventually finding Daniels sitting among the fans, sometimes in the student section. Former Purdue presidents rarely left their suite in the press-box structure.
Tuition freezes and cost reductions[edit]
The total cost of attending Purdue has fallen since Daniels assumed Purdue’s presidency, despite a trend at Big Ten institutions of rising costs. Total loan debt among the student body has also fallen 30% or $55 million.[123] Tuition at Purdue, prior to Daniels’ arrival had increased every year since 1976.[124] Two months after Daniels assumed his role as president, Purdue announced it would freeze tuition for two years, eventually extending the freeze for six years, through 2019. As a result, multiple graduating classes have become the first in at least 40 years to leave Purdue having never experienced a tuition increase,[125][126] in-state tuition is more than $1,000 lower than if the university had raised rates at the national average, and students and families have saved more than $226 million in educational expenses.[127]
Daniels announced the first tuition freeze before the state had determined Purdue's funding for the next biennium. Amidst questions about the timing, Daniels argued that he didn't need to wait because "it doesn't matter what the General Assembly does. This is the right thing to do and we are going to do it...the same way families do; the same way some governments do and all businesses do. We are going to adjust our spending to what we believe is the available and in this case the fair amount of revenue. I know often with good reason there has been an opportunity in higher education to adjust tuition to match what the place wanted to spend, and I just think we've reached the point where we ought to break that pattern."[128] The first tuition freeze required the university to find $40 million in savings or new revenue. In order to make up for the lost revenue from tuition freezes, Daniels and the Purdue Board of Trustees focused on finding operating efficiencies such as consolidating information technology data centers, investing cash reserves and switching to a consumer-driven health plan for employees.[129]
Daniels also reduced meal plan rates for students by 10 percent, froze housing costs and cut the university's cooperative education fees which had increased every year prior on record.[130][131] In fall 2014, Daniels announced a deal with Amazon to save students on textbooks and provide students, faculty and staff with free one day shipping to locations on campus.[132] Daniels has stated that the Amazon partnership saves students more than $550,000 a semester and has provided Purdue with $400,000 in new scholarship funds.[133]
Agenda[edit]
In September 2013, Daniels announced the major priorities of his administration, known as "Purdue Moves."[134] The plan continued Daniels’ focus on affordability but also called for new investments[135] such as the hiring of 165 new faculty in STEM disciplines, expansion of flipped classrooms, growing summer enrollment, investments in plant science and drug discovery research, and the creation of Competency-based degree[136] programs and some 3-year degree options. The Purdue Moves also emphasized commercialization of research. Under Daniels leadership, Purdue increased the number of affiliated start-up companies by more than 400 percent and broke the university record for patents.[137]
In 2015, Daniels announced plans to start the Purdue Polytechnic Indianapolis high school, designed to be a bridge for inner-city students to Purdue by admitting graduates directly to Purdue. Daniels described the high school as an attempt to increase the number of low-income, first-generation and minority students who are prepared for Purdue.[138] The high school will not open until 2017, but Purdue reported record levels of minority and underrepresented students in the Fall 2016 semester.[137]
Daniels also has emphasized free speech and inquiry by becoming the first public institution to adopt the Chicago principles for free speech and inquiry and one of roughly two dozen universities to receive the highest rating from the Foundation for Individual Rights in Education
In 2017, Daniels and the Purdue Board of Trustees announced its intention to acquire Kaplan University for the purpose of transforming it into an online Purdue program.[139]
Compensation[edit]
When Daniels was hired by Purdue he requested that his salary be less than his predecessors maximum salary and that 30 percent of his take home be based on the results of biannual performance reviews. Daniel’s base salary of $420,000 is $135,000 less than the prior president’s salary. Under the contract, his salary can grow to a maximum of $546,000 based on the results of a performance-bonus system—still less than his predecessor and the 3rd lowest in the 14-member Big Ten.[140] In November 2014, Daniels earned 88 percent of his at risk pay, receiving the grade of a B+ from the Trustees.[141]
Board service[edit]
In February 2013, Daniels was asked to co-chair a National Research Council committee to review and make recommendations on the future of the U.S. human spaceflight program. Daniels also co-chairs a Council on Foreign Relations Task Force on NonCommunicable diseases.[142] In March 2013, Daniels was elected to the board of Energy Systems Network (ESN), Indiana’s industry-driven clean technology initiative.
In June 2015, Daniels was elected to serve on the board of directors for Indiana Software company Interactive Intelligence (ININ).[143]
Electoral history[edit]
Main articles: Indiana gubernatorial election, 2004 and Indiana gubernatorial election, 2008

Indiana gubernatorial election, 2004

Party
Candidate
Votes
%
±



Republican
Mitch Daniels
1,302,912
53.2




Democratic
Joe Kernan (Incumbent)
1,113,900
45.5




Libertarian
Kenn Gividen
31,664
1.3




Indiana gubernatorial election, 2008

Party
Candidate
Votes
%
±



Republican
Mitch Daniels (Incumbent)
1,542,371
57.8




Democratic
Jill Long Thompson
1,067,863
40.1




Libertarian
Andy Horning
56,651
2.1



Authorship[edit]

Daniels, Mitch (2012), Aiming Higher: Words That Changed a State, IBJ Book Publishing, ISBN 978-1-934922-86-6 
Daniels, Mitch (2011), Keeping the Republic: Saving America by Trusting Americans, Sentinel, ISBN 978-1-59523-080-5 
Daniels, Mitch (2004), Notes from the Road: 16 months of towns, tales and tenderloins, Mitch Daniels Transition Team, ISBN 978-0-9766026-0-6 

Honors[edit]

Order of the Rising Sun, 2nd Class, Gold and Silver Star (2017)

See also[edit]


Biography portal
Conservatism portal
Indiana portal
Politics portal



List of Governors of Indiana


References[edit]


^ Vaughan, Martin A. (June 11, 2008). "States Move To Cut, Cap Property Taxes As Home Values Decline, Many Will Have to Make Up Lost Revenue by Other Means". Wall Street Journal. 
^ Leonhardt, David (January 4, 2011). "Budget Hawk Eyes Deficit". nytimes.com. 
^ Davey, Monica (February 1, 2012). "Indiana Governor Signs a Law Creating a ‘Right to Work’ State". nytimes.com. 
^ York, Byron (June 4, 2009). "Can Mitch Daniels save the GOP?". Washington Examiner. Retrieved 2013-01-18. 
^ Will, George F. (2010-02-07). "Charting a simple road to government solvency". Washington Post. Retrieved 2012-04-06. 
^ Douthat, Ross (2010-03-01). "A Republican Surprise". The New York Times. Retrieved 2010-05-12. 
^ King, Neil (2011-05-22). "Daniels Withdraws From Presidential Race". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved 2011-05-22. odyssey=tab%7Cmostpopular%7Ctext%7CFRONTPAGE
^ "Governor Fun Facts". State of Indiana. Archived from the original on 2009-01-16. Retrieved 2009-01-04. 
^ "Gov. Daniels says White House speculation reinforced Syrian roots". Archived from the original on 9 January 2013. Retrieved 5 July 2012. 
^ a b c d e f "Indiana Governor Mitch Daniels". National Governors Association. Archived from the original on September 30, 2007. Retrieved 2008-07-09. 
^ a b c d e Gugin, p. 404
^ "2009 Kahlil Gibran Gala". Arab American Institute. Archived from the original on 2010-12-02. Retrieved 2010-11-09. 
^ "Ancestry of Mitch Daniels". Wargs.com. Retrieved 2012-04-06. 
^ At Statesmen's Dinner, Republicans urged to flip Obama's slogan on its head[dead link]
^ a b c d Indianapolis Monthly. 25. April 2002. pp. 142–45. ISSN 0899-0328. 
^ "Presidential Scholars". Presidential Scholars Association. Archived from the original on 2011-03-04. Retrieved 2011-03-11. 
^ a b Schleifer, Teddy (February 24, 2011). "Daniels '71: Into the spotlight". The Daily Princetonian. Archived from the original on February 27, 2011. Retrieved 2011-02-28. 
^ "Democrats want more info on Daniels' arrest". Wthr.com. 1970-05-14. Retrieved 2012-04-06. 
^ Sullum, Jacob (2011-03-02) Mitch Daniels' Pot Luck, Reason
^ a b c d e "Mitch Daniels". IndyStar. 11 January 2005. Retrieved 2008-07-09. 
^ Daniels, Mitch, The Washington Post, August 22, 1989, accessed May 2, 2011.
^ "Public-Relations Pair to Join Lugar Staff." Indianapolis Star, 07 December, 1974, p. 26: "Daniels, 25, a CCI vice-president who worked in Lugar's office as a summer interne [sic] in 1969 and 1970…"
^ "About the Governor: Mitchell E. Daniels, Jr., Governor of Indiana". in.gov. Archived from the original on 2011-05-11. Retrieved 2011-05-05. 
^ "Twenty Largest Indiana Public Companies" (PDF). Indiana State Auditor. 1998. Retrieved 2011-04-14. 
^ a b Ferguson, Andrew (2010-06-14). "Ride Along With Mitch". The Weekly Standard. Retrieved 2011-04-14. 
^ "The Eli Lilly Years". gooznewsauthor=Kensen, Joanne. May 11, 2011. Retrieved 2012-05-12. 
^ "Mitch Daniels on Conversations with Bill Kristol". 
^ Slevin, Peter (2004-10-04). "In Indiana Race, Bush's Budget Blade Becomes 'My Man Mitch'". Washington Post. Retrieved 2008-12-28. President Bush admiringly called him "the Blade," for the gleam in his budget-cutting eye. 
^ a b "The Man Behind The Vaccine Mystery". CBS News. 2002-12-12. Retrieved 2017-05-28. 
^ "Homeland Bill Rider Aids Drugmakers". Washington Post. 2002-11-15. Retrieved 2017-05-28. 
^ a b Perelman, Michael (2005). Manufacturing Discontent. Pluto Press. pp. 113—114. ISBN 0745324061. 
^ "During Mitch Daniels’ decade at Eli Lilly, the drug giant paid billions in fines and settled thousands of lawsuits". The Center for Public Integrity. 2011-05-09. Retrieved 28 May 2017. 
^ a b Daniels, Mitchell E., Jr., "Remarks to The National Press Club", whitehouse.gov, 11/28/2001.
^ a b "Ross Douthat's Blog, 3 March 2010". The New York Times. 2010-03-03. Retrieved 2011-03-10. 
^ a b c Douthat, Ross (2010-03-01). "A Republican Surprise". New York Times. 
^ nytimes.com, 2002/12/31.
^ cnn.com, 2003/01/01.
^ Bush to Seek $75 Billion to Fight War, Terrorism, March 25, 2003, Los Angeles Times. The total request was for $75 billion but only $53 billion went to Iraq operations. "The spending measure would cover these expenses to the end of this fiscal year—Sept. 30—according to a senior administration official who briefed reporters Monday."
^ CBO Congressional Testimony, October 24, 2007, Table 2, Pg. 4, in the 2003 column
^ CBO Appropriations for Iraq and Afghanistan[dead link]
^ a b c d e f Gugin, p. 402
^ a b Gugin, p. 403
^ Stoll, Ira (2010-03-08). "Mitch Daniels on the State of the Nation". Hudson Institute. Retrieved 2010-09-16. 
^ "Wisconsins Unions Get Ugly". Wall Street Journal. April 1, 2011. Retrieved 2011-05-09. 
^ a b "State Releases Budget Numbers". Inside Indiana Business. July 15, 2005. Archived from the original on 2013-08-24. Retrieved 2011-05-13. 
^ a b c d Hemmingway, Mark (2009). "Mitch the Knife". National Review. Archived from the original on August 9, 2011. Retrieved 2011-05-08. 
^ a b c d Gugin, p. 405 Cite error: Invalid <ref> tag; name "g495" defined multiple times with different content (see the help page).
^ Mwape, James Muma (2009). Guide to Electronic Toll Payments. Xulon Press. ISBN 978-1-61579-364-8. 
^ a b c "Mitch Daniels: The right stuff". The Economist. 2010-08-19. Retrieved 2010-09-17. 
^ Gugin, p. 206
^ "Fact No. 36". Top 100 Facts about the Daniels Administration. 
^ "Governor visits Indiana troops in South Korea". Indystar.com. 25 June 2006. 
^ "Reality Check: Indiana job numbers don't add up". March 1, 2010. 
^ Barnes, Fred (September 15, 2007). "Hoosier Jump Shot". The Wall Street Journal. (Subscription required (help)). 
^ "Health Indiana Plan". HealthyIndianaPlan.org. Archived from the original on 2011-07-15. Retrieved 2011-05-11. 
^ Lederman, Doug (2010-07-14). "Indiana teams up with WGU to educate adults online". USA Today. 
^ insideindianabusiness.com Archived 2015-04-10 at the Wayback Machine..
^ "Governor Signs Property Tax Relief Bill" (PDF). IN.gov. 2010-03-19. Archived from the original (PDF) on 2011-08-10. Retrieved 2011-03-01. 
^ "Indiana Voters OK property tax cap". Indianapolis Business Journal. Associated Press. November 2, 2010. Retrieved 2011-01-03. 
^ Goodman, Josh (2008). "Public Officials of the Year". Governing magazine. Retrieved 2010-09-17. 
^ "2008 Urban Innovator Award Winner". Manhattan Institute. 2008-10-08. Archived from the original on 2010-09-11. Retrieved 2010-09-17. 
^ a b Barns, Robert (April 29, 2008). "High Court Upholds Indiana Voter Registration Law". Washington Post. Retrieved 2011-05-13. 
^ "Governor Mitch Daniels Well-Positioned Entering Election Year". Republican Governors' Association. 2010. Retrieved 2011-03-01. 
^ "Indiana – Election Results 2008 – The New York Times". Elections.nytimes.com. 2008-12-09. Retrieved 2012-04-06. 
^ Cillizza, Chris. "The Best Gubernatorial Campaign of 2008". Voices.washingtonpost.com. Retrieved 2012-04-06. 
^ Van Wyk, Rich. "Dallara picked for new IndyCar chassis". WTHR-TV. Retrieved 2010-08-02. 
^ "Dallara commits to new Speedway facility". IndyCar Series. Archived from the original on 2010-07-28. Retrieved 2010-08-02. 
^ "Award Recipients". Fiscy. Retrieved 2011-02-17. 
^ Trinko, Katrina (November 18, 2010). "Mitch Daniels’s Next Hurdle". National Review. Retrieved 2011-03-09. 
^ a b c Weidenbener, Lesley (May 1, 2011). "title unknown". Louisville Courier-Journal. pp. A1, A18. 
^ a b "Democratic lawmakers leave Indiana, block labor bill". Indianapolis Business Journal. Associated Press. February 22, 2011. Retrieved 2011-03-01. 
^ "State Budgets and Public Unions", transcript, The Diane Rehm Show, 2011-02-21. Retrieved 2011-02-22.
^ a b Allen, Kevin (April 22, 2011). "Indiana OKs Voucher program". South Bend Tribune. Archived from the original on September 27, 2011. Retrieved 2011-04-25. 
^ a b Shella, Jim (April 25, 2011). "DANIEls Chalks Up Legislative Wins". WISHTV News. Archived from the original on 2012-03-20. Retrieved 2011-04-25. 
^ a b c "Read Mitch Daniels emails about Howard Zinn", Journal & Courier, July 17, 2013.
^ a b Jaschik, Scott, "The Governor's Bad List", Inside Higher Ed, July 17, 2013.
^ a b "As governor, Mitch Daniels looked to censor academic writings and courses", Indystar.com, Jul. 16, 2013.
^ Rothschild, Matthew, "How Mitch Daniels Had It In for Howard Zinn", progressive.org, July 17, 2013.
^ "Censoring Howard Zinn: Former Indiana Gov. Tried to Remove 'A People’s History' from State Schools", DemocracyNow!, July 22, 2013. Including interviews with Anthony Arnove, co-editor with Zinn of "Voices of a People’s History of the United States," and Cornel West, professor at Union Theological Seminary and, formerly, at Princeton and Harvard. Retrieved 2013-07-22.
^ Ohlheiser, Abby. "Former Governor, Now Purdue President, Wanted Howard Zinn Banned in Schools". Atlantic Wire. Retrieved 14 August 2013. 
^ Wang, Stephanie. "Purdue faculty 'troubled' by Mitch Daniels' Howard Zinn comments". Indianapolis Star. Retrieved 14 August 2013. 
^ LoBianco, Tom (2013-07-22). "Mitch Daniels Letter: Purdue Professors Blast Former GOP Gov Over Howard Zinn Comments". Huffington Post. Retrieved 14 August 2013. 
^ Krull, John. "Daniels says issue is not freedom but Zinn's scholarship". Evansville Courier & Press. Retrieved 14 August 2013. 
^ Kehoe, Troy, "Daniels says report 'distorted' emails" Archived 2013-07-19 at the Wayback Machine., WISH-TV.com, July 17, 2013. "The former governor said he had never heard of Charles Little prior to this week..."
^ a b House Bill 1210, Indiana General Assembly 2011 Session.
^ Indiana Gov. Daniels to Sign Bill Defunding Planned Parenthood, April 29, 2011
^ Gillers, Heather (May 11, 2011). "Planned Parenthood eyes restraining order". USA Today. Retrieved 2011-05-11. 
^ Guyett, Susan (2011-06-25). "Indiana can't end Planned Parenthood funds: judge". Reuters. Retrieved 2011-08-25. 
^ Nye, Charlie (May 11, 2011). "Immigration bills signed amid arrests". IndyStar.com. Indianapolis Star. Retrieved 2011-05-11. 
^ "Ways and Means Presentation" (PDF). Governor's Office. March 2011. Retrieved 14 May 2011. 
^ a b Carden, Dan (2011-04-28). "State budget set for final vote : Elections". Nwitimes.com. Retrieved 2012-06-19. 
^ Indiana advances leadership in clean coal technology., Indiana Governor History, March 24, 2009.
^ a b Evanoff, Ted (January 2, 2011). "Daniels takes natural gas bet that others refused". Indianapolis Star. Retrieved 2012-02-15. 
^ Bradner, Eric (2010-12-16). "State, developers reach agreement on Rockport, Ind., gasification plant". Courier & Press. Retrieved 2013-04-29. 
^ Welsh, Gary (May 1, 2011). "Lubbers: Critics Of Coal Gasification Deal Are Sneaky And Evil". Advance Indiana. Retrieved 2012-02-15. 
^ Bradner, Eric (2013-04-27). "BRADNER: Rockport plant will never be". Retrieved 2013-04-29. 
^ economist.com.
^ "Indiana adopts right to work". 
^ wbez.org.
^ Daniels, Mitch (15 May 2009). "Indiana Says 'No Thanks' to Cap and Trade". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ Zickar, Lou (18 May 2009). "The innovators of today's GOP". 
^ Robinson, Peter (15 May 2009). "The Future Of The GOP". Forbes. 
^ Cillizza, Chris (12 May 2009). "Can Mitch Daniels Save the GOP?". The Washington Post. 
^ Tully, Matthew (17 May 2009). "How do Daniels' moves add up?". Archived from the original on 10 April 2015. 
^ Silver, Nate (2011-02-04) A Graphical Overview of the 2012 Republican Field, New York Times
^ Gillespie, Nick (2011-01-05) NY Times Flips its Whig Over Gov. Mitch Daniels (R-Ind.), Reason
^ Brooks, David (February 25, 2011). "Run Mitch, Run". New York Times. Retrieved 2011-03-01. 
^ ^ Mellinger, Mark (2010-12-16). "Daniels to decide on WH run before May" Archived 2010-12-17 at the Wayback Machine., WANE.com. Retrieved 2010-12-16.
^ Various (2 January 2011). "Student Initiative to Draft Daniels". 
^ "Daniels Ends 2012 Speculation". RealClearPolitics.com. 3 June 2009. Retrieved 4 June 2009. 
^ Cook, Dave (February 23, 2010). "Mitch Daniels open to presidential run, despite '100 reasons' to pass". Christian Science Monitor. Retrieved 2011-05-05. 
^ Mapes, Jeff (6 March 2011). "Indiana Gov. Mitch Daniels wins GOP presidential straw poll in Oregon". The Oregonian. Retrieved 7 March 2011. 
^ Haberman, Maggie (May 5, 2011). "Mitch Daniels". Politico. Retrieved 2011-05-06. 
^ Duffy, Michael, "Seven Days in May: How One Week Clarified the GOP Field, Time magazine, May 15, 2011. Retrieved 2011-05-16.
^ Haberman, Maggie (May 22, 2011). "Mitch Daniels won't run in 2012". Politico. Retrieved May 22, 2011. 
^ Siddiqui, Sabrina (January 10, 2014). "Republican National Committee Polls Voters On 2016 Presidential Candidates". Huffington Post. Retrieved 2014-03-18. 
^ McGregor, Jena (March 26, 2015). "World's Greatest Leader List". Washington Post. Retrieved 27 May 2015. 
^ Thomas, David O. (October 16, 2012). The Governor as Purdue University President (PDF) (Report). Retrieved 2013-01-14. 
^ Russell, John; Sabalow, Ryan; Schneider, Mary Beth; Sikich, Chris (June 20, 2012). "Gov. Mitch Daniels pick called a coup for Purdue, but qualifications questioned". The Indianapolis Star. Retrieved 2013-01-14. 
^ Daniels, Mitch. "An Open Letter to the People of Purdue". 
^ Weddle, Eric (Jan 19, 2013). "Daniels begins Purdue term with 12-hour days, fact-finding tour". Journal & Courier. Retrieved May 29, 2013. 
^ Video on YouTube.
^ "Purdue student and parent borrowing down four years running". Purdue.edu. 
^ "Declining Costs of Attendance". Purdue University. 
^ "Trustees extend tuition freeze through 2015-16 academic year". Purdue.edu/newsroom. 
^ "Purdue trustees endorse WL campus tuition freeze, 2.5 percent merit pay increase". Purdue Newsroom. May 18, 2017. 
^ "Purdue to hold tuition flat through 2018-19". Purdue Newsroom. March 20, 2017. 
^ "Purdue President Mitch Daniels on Tuition Freeze Plan". Press Conference, quote is 35 seconds in. WBAA News. March 1, 2013. 
^ Colombo, Hayleigh (May 18, 2003). "Purdue near $40M target; less than 3 months after tuition freeze news". Journal & Courier. 
^ Colombo, Hayleigh (May 22, 2013). "Silence golden in vote on Purdue tuition freeze". Journal & Courier. Factoring in a 5 percent meal plan reduction and a more than 50 percent cut in Purdue’s co-op fee, Purdue estimates more than 10,000 students and families will save about $3.5 million total. 
^ "The Value of a Purdue Education". Purdue.edu/PurdueMoves. 
^ "Purdue, Amazon to offer students savings on textbooks, provide first-ever on-campus pickup services". Purdue Newsroom. August 13, 2014. 
^ "Keeping the doors of higher education wide open". purdue.edu. 
^ "Daniels provides additional details on Purdue campus initiatives". Purdue News. Sep 9, 2013. 
^ "Higher Education at the Highest Proven Value". http://www.purdue.edu/purduemoves/.  External link in |website= (help); Missing or empty |url= (help)
^ "Daniels awards prize for competency-based degree to Purdue Polytechnic Institute". Purdue Newsroom. September 4, 2014. 
^ a b "'Year of records' continues at Purdue". Purdue Newsroom. September 14, 2015. 
^ "Purdue Polytechnic High School to provide STEM pipeline". Purdue Newsroom. June 18, 2015. 
^ "Purdue to acquire Kaplan University, increase access for millions". Purdue Newsroom. April 27, 2017. 
^ "Purdue trims president's pay, breaks new ground for executive compensation", Purdue News, December 15, 2012.
^ Tyner, Brittany (November 5, 2014). "Daniels awarded $111K in at-risk pay". WLFI.com. 
^ "Independent Task Force on Noncommunicable Diseases". Council on Foreign Relations. February 2014. Archived from the original on 2015-02-13. 
^ "Interactive Intelligence Elects Mitch Daniels to Board of Directors (NASDAQ:ININ)". 



Gugin, Linda C.; St. Clair, James E, eds. (2006). The Governors of Indiana. Indianapolis, Indiana: Indiana Historical Society Press. ISBN 0-87195-196-7. 

External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Mitch Daniels.





Wikiquote has quotations related to: Mitch Daniels



Purdue University President Mitch Daniels Purdue University site
Appearances on C-SPAN



Political offices


Preceded by
Jack Lew
Director of the Office of Management and Budget
2001–2003
Succeeded by
Joshua Bolten


Preceded by
Joe Kernan
Governor of Indiana
2005–2013
Succeeded by
Mike Pence


Party political offices


Preceded by
David McIntosh
Republican nominee for Governor of Indiana
2004, 2008
Succeeded by
Mike Pence


Preceded by
Paul Ryan
Response to the State of the Union address
2012
Succeeded by
Marco Rubio


Academic offices


Preceded by
Timothy Sands
Acting
President of the Purdue University System
2013–present
Incumbent








v
t
e


Directors of the United States Office of Management and Budget






Dawes
Lord
Roop
Douglas
D. W. Bell
Smith
Webb
Pace
Lawton
Dodge
Hughes
Brundage
Stans
D. E. Bell
Gordon
Schultze
Zwick
Mayo
Shultz
Weinberger
Ash
Lynn
Lance
McIntyre
Stockman
Miller
Wright
Darman
Panetta
Rivlin
Raines
Lew
Daniels
Bolten
Portman
Nussle
Orszag
Lew
Burwell
Donovan
Mulvaney















v
t
e


Cabinet of President George W. Bush (2001–09)








Cabinet



Secretary of State



Colin Powell (2001–05)
Condoleezza Rice (2005–09)








Secretary of the Treasury



Paul H. O'Neill (2001–02)
John W. Snow (2003–06)
Henry Paulson (2006–09)





Secretary of Defense



Donald Rumsfeld (2001–06)
Robert Gates (2006–09)





Attorney General



John Ashcroft (2001–05)
Alberto Gonzales (2005–07)
Michael Mukasey (2007–09)





Secretary of the Interior



Gale Norton (2001–06)
Dirk Kempthorne (2006–09)





Secretary of Agriculture



Ann Veneman (2001–05)
Mike Johanns (2005–07)
Ed Schafer (2008–09)





Secretary of Commerce



Donald Evans (2001–05)
Carlos Gutierrez (2005–09)





Secretary of Labor



Elaine Chao (2001–09)





Secretary of Health and
Human Services



Tommy Thompson (2001–05)
Mike Leavitt (2005–09)





Secretary of Housing and
Urban Development



Mel Martinez (2001–03)
Alphonso Jackson (2003–08)
Steve Preston (2008–09)





Secretary of Transportation



Norman Mineta (2001–06)
Mary E. Peters (2006–09)





Secretary of Energy



Spencer Abraham (2001–05)
Samuel Bodman (2005–09)





Secretary of Education



Rod Paige (2001–05)
Margaret Spellings (2005–09)





Secretary of Veterans Affairs



Anthony Principi (2001–05)
Jim Nicholson (2005–07)
James Peake (2007–09)





Secretary of Homeland Security



Tom Ridge (2003–05)
Michael Chertoff (2005–09)













Cabinet-level



Vice President



Dick Cheney (2001–09)





White House Chief of Staff



Andrew Card (2001–06)
Joshua Bolten (2006–09)





Administrator of the
Environmental Protection Agency



Christine Todd Whitman (2001–03)
Mike Leavitt (2003–05)
Stephen L. Johnson (2005–09)





Director of the Office of
Management and Budget



Mitch Daniels (2001–03)
Joshua Bolten (2003–06)
Rob Portman (2006–07)
Jim Nussle (2007–09)





Director of National Drug
Control Policy



John P. Walters (2001–09)





Trade Representative



Robert Zoellick (2001–05)
Rob Portman (2005–06)
Susan Schwab (2006–09)















v
t
e


Presidents of Purdue University






Richard Owen (1872)
Abraham C. Shortridge (1874)
John S. Hougham # (1876)
Emerson E. White (1876)
James H. Smart (1883)
Winthrop E. Stone (1900)
Henry W. Marshall # (1921)
Edward C. Elliott (1922)
Andrey A. Potter # (1945)
Frederick L. Hovde (1946)
Arthur G. Hansen (1971)
John W. Hicks # (1982)
Steven C. Beering (1983)
Martin C. Jischke (2000)
France A. Córdova (2007)
Timothy Sands # (2012)
Mitch Daniels (2013)

Pound sign (#) denotes an acting or interim president











v
t
e


Governors of Indiana



Territorial (1800–16)



Harrison
Gibson (acting)
Posey








State (since 1816)



Jennings
Boon
W. Hendricks
Ray
Noble
Wallace
Bigger
J. Whitcomb
Dunning
Wright
Willard
Hammond
Lane
Morton
Baker
T. Hendricks
Williams
Gray
Porter
Gray
Hovey
Chase
Matthews
Mount
Durbin
Hanly
Marshall
Ralston
Goodrich
McCray
Branch
Jackson
Leslie
McNutt
Townsend
Schricker
Gates
Schricker
Craig
Handley
Welsh
Branigin
E. Whitcomb
Bowen
Orr
Bayh
O'Bannon
Kernan
Daniels
Pence
Holcomb







See also: Governor of Indiana








Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 53799327
LCCN: no2001039207










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Mitch_Daniels&oldid=789988566"					
Categories: Presidents of Purdue University1949 birthsAmerican people of English descentAmerican people of Levantine-Eastern Orthodox Christian descentAmerican people of Scottish descentAmerican people of Syrian descentAmerican politicians of Syrian descentCritics of ScientologyDirectors of the Office of Management and BudgetEli Lilly and CompanyGeorge W. Bush administration cabinet members21st-century American politiciansGeorgetown University Law Center alumniGovernors of IndianaIndiana RepublicansLiving peopleMiddle Eastern ChristiansPeople of Syrian descentOverseas Private Investment Corporation officialsPeople from Washington County, PennsylvaniaPoliticians from IndianapolisRepublican Party state governors of the United StatesWoodrow Wilson School of Public and International Affairs alumniHidden categories: Pages with reference errorsAll articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from December 2011Articles with dead external links from March 2017Pages with duplicate reference namesPages containing links to subscription-only contentWebarchive template wayback linksCS1 errors: external linksPages using web citations with no URLGood articlesAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from May 2011Wikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquote 



Languages


العربيةБългарскиCatalàDanskDeutschEspañolفارسیFrançaisNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsРусскийSimple EnglishSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиSuomiSvenskaУкраїнськаTiếng Việt中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 10 July 2017, at 21:57.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Mitch Daniels - Wikipedia






















 







Mitch Daniels

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Mitch Daniels








President of the Purdue University System



Incumbent



Assumed office
January 14, 2013


Preceded by
Timothy Sands (Acting)


49th Governor of Indiana


In office
January 10, 2005 – January 14, 2013


Lieutenant
Becky Skillman


Preceded by
Joe Kernan


Succeeded by
Mike Pence


Director of the Office of Management and Budget


In office
January 20, 2001 – June 6, 2003


President
George W. Bush


Preceded by
Jack Lew


Succeeded by
Joshua Bolten





Personal details


Born
Mitchell Elias Daniels Jr
(1949-04-07) April 7, 1949 (age 68)
Monongahela, Pennsylvania, U.S.


Political party
Republican


Spouse(s)
Cheri Herman (1978–1993; 1997–present)


Education
Princeton University (A.B.)
Georgetown University (J.D.)


Signature



Website
Purdue University website
Government website


Mitchell Elias "Mitch" Daniels Jr. (born April 7, 1949) is an American academic administrator, businessman, author, and retired politician who served as the 49th Governor of Indiana from 2005 to 2013. He is a member of the Republican Party. Since 2013, Daniels has been president of Purdue University.
Born in Monongahela, Pennsylvania, Daniels is a graduate of Princeton University, and received his Juris Doctor from Georgetown University Law Center after studying briefly at the Indiana University Robert H. McKinney School of Law. Daniels began his career working as an assistant to Richard Lugar, working as his chief of staff in the Senate from 1977 to 1982, and was appointed executive director of the National Republican Senatorial Committee when Lugar was chairman from 1983 to 1984. He worked as a chief political adviser and as a liaison to President Ronald Reagan in 1985, before he was appointed president of the conservative think tank, the Hudson Institute. Daniels moved back to Indiana, joining Eli Lilly and Company, working as president of North American Pharmaceutical Operations from 1993 to 1997, and senior vice president of corporate strategy and policy from 1997 to 2001. In January 2001, Daniels was appointed by President George W. Bush as the director of the U.S. Office of Management and Budget, where he served until June 2003.
Daniels announced his intention to run in Indiana's 2004 gubernatorial election after leaving the Bush administration. He won the Republican primary with 67% of the vote, and defeated Democratic incumbent Governor Joe Kernan in the general election. Daniels was reelected to a second term, defeating former U.S. Representative and US Department of Agriculture undersecretary Jill Long Thompson, on November 4, 2008. During his tenure as governor, Daniels cut the state government workforce by 18%, cut and capped state property taxes, and balanced the state budget through budget austerity measures and increasing spending by less than the inflation rate.[1][2] In his second term, Daniels saw protest by labor unions and Democrats in the state legislature over his policies regarding Indiana's school voucher program and the Indiana House of Representatives attempt to pass right to work legislation, leading to the 2011 Indiana legislative walkouts. During the legislature's last session under Daniels, he signed the right-to-work law; with Indiana becoming the 23rd state in the nation to do so.[3]
It was widely speculated that Daniels would be a candidate in the 2012 presidential election,[4][5][6] but he chose not to run.[7] He is the author of the best selling book Keeping the Republic: Saving America by Trusting Americans. Daniels was selected to be president of Purdue University after his term as governor ended on January 14, 2013.



Contents


1 Early life

1.1 Family and education
1.2 Early political career
1.3 Eli Lilly


2 Office of Management and Budget
3 Governor

3.1 Election campaign
3.2 First term

3.2.1 Budgetary measures
3.2.2 Daylight Saving Time
3.2.3 Highways
3.2.4 Economic development
3.2.5 Healthy Indiana Plan
3.2.6 WGU Indiana
3.2.7 Property tax reform
3.2.8 Voter registration


3.3 Reelection campaign
3.4 Second term

3.4.1 2011 legislative walkout
3.4.2 Education

3.4.2.1 Curriculum and funding


3.4.3 Abortion
3.4.4 Immigration
3.4.5 Budget cuts
3.4.6 Energy
3.4.7 Right to Work




4 2012 presidential speculation
5 2016 presidential speculation
6 Purdue University

6.1 Selection
6.2 Student interactions
6.3 Tuition freezes and cost reductions
6.4 Agenda
6.5 Compensation


7 Board service
8 Electoral history
9 Authorship
10 Honors
11 See also
12 References
13 External links



Early life[edit]
Family and education[edit]
Mitchell Elias Daniels, Jr., was born on April 7, 1949 in Monongahela, Pennsylvania, the son of Dorothy Mae (née Wilkes) and Mitchell Elias Daniels, Sr.[8] His father's parents were immigrants from Syria, of Antiochian Greek Orthodox descent.[9] Daniels has been honored by the Arab-American Institute with the 2011 Najeeb Halaby Award for Public Service.[10][11][12] His mother's ancestry was mostly English (where three of his great-grandparents were born).[13] Daniels spent his early childhood years in Pennsylvania, Tennessee,[14] and Georgia.
The Daniels family moved to Indiana from Pennsylvania in 1959 when his father accepted a job at the Indianapolis headquarters of the pharmaceutical company Pittman-Moore. Then 11-year-old Daniels was accustomed to the mountains, and he at first disliked the flatland of central Indiana. He was still in grade school at the time of the move and first attended Delaware Trail Elementary, Westlane Junior High School, and North Central High School. In high school he was student body president.[15] After graduation in 1967, Daniels was named one of Indiana's Presidential Scholars—the state's top male high school graduate that year—by President Lyndon B. Johnson.[16]
In 1971, Daniels earned a Bachelor's degree from the Woodrow Wilson School of Public and International Affairs at Princeton University. While there, he was a member of the American Whig–Cliosophic Society, where he overlapped with future Supreme Court Justice Samuel Alito, who was a year below. He initially studied law at the Indiana McKinney School of Law in Indianapolis. After accepting a job with newly elected Senator Richard Lugar, he transferred to the Georgetown University Law Center, from which he earned a Juris Doctor.[11]
In 1970, while an undergraduate student at Princeton, a grand jury indicted Daniels for marijuana possession and for maintaining a common nuisance.[17] The charges were eventually dropped and Daniels pleaded guilty to "a disorderly person charge" based on a confession that he had used marijuana. He spent two nights in jail and paid a $350 fine.[18] According to Daniels' roommate at the time, police obtained a warrant to search the room based on the activity of another student who used to live in the room. The roommate told the Daily Princetonian that "Unbeknownst to [Daniels and the other current roommates] … [the former roommate] was coming back there and using the room when we're not there and was involved with drugs much worse than pot."[17] Daniels told The Daily Princetonian in 2011 that "justice was served,"[19] and has disclosed the arrest on job applications, and spoken about the incident in columns in The Indianapolis Star[20] and The Washington Post.[21]
In February 2013, Princeton honored Daniels with the Woodrow Wilson Award, which recognizes an alumnus whose career embodies the call to duty in Wilson's famous speech, "Princeton in the Nation's Service." The award was presented during Alumni Day activities on February 23, 2013.
Early political career[edit]
Daniels had his first experience in politics while still a teenager when, in 1968, he worked on the unsuccessful campaign of fellow Hoosier and Princeton alumnus William Ruckelshaus, who was running for the U.S. Senate against incumbent Democrat Birch Bayh.[15] After the campaign Ruckelshaus helped Daniels secure an internship in the office of then-Indianapolis mayor Richard Lugar. Daniels worked on Lugar's re-election campaign in 1971, and later, in 1974, he worked on Lugar's first campaign for Senate via L. Keith Bulen's Campaign Communicators, Inc, a political consultancy where Daniels served as vice president. Daniels joined Lugar's mayoral staff in December, 1974.[22] Within three years, he became Lugar's principal assistant. After Lugar was elected to the U.S. Senate in 1976, Daniels followed him to Washington, D.C. as his Chief of Staff.[20]
Daniels served as Chief of Staff during Lugar's first term (1977–82); and, during this time, he met Cheri Herman, who was working for the National Park Service. The two married in 1978 and had four daughters. They divorced in 1993 and Cheri married again; Cheri later divorced her second husband and remarried Daniels in 1997.[11]
In 1983, when Lugar was elected chairman of the National Republican Senatorial Committee, Daniels was appointed its executive director. Serving in that position (1983–84), he played a major role in keeping the GOP in control of the Senate. Daniels was also manager of three successful re-election campaigns for Lugar. In August 1985, Daniels became chief political advisor and liaison to President Ronald Reagan.[20]
In 1987, Daniels returned to Indiana as president and CEO of the Hudson Institute, a conservative think tank.[11][23] In 1988, Dan Quayle was elected Vice President of the United States, and Governor of Indiana Robert D. Orr offered to appoint Daniels to Quayle's vacant Senate seat. Daniels declined the offer, saying it would force him to spend too much time away from his family.[15]
Eli Lilly[edit]
In 1990, Daniels left the Hudson Institute to accept a position at Eli Lilly and Company, the largest corporation headquartered in Indiana at that time.[24] He was first promoted to President of North American Operations (1993–97) and then to Senior Vice President for Corporate Strategy and Policy (1997–2001).[10][11][20] During his time at Lilly, Daniels managed a successful strategy to deflect attacks on Lilly's Prozac product by a public relations campaign against the drug being waged by the Church of Scientology. In one interview in 1992, Daniels said of the organization that "it is no church," and that people on Prozac were less likely to become victims of the organization. The Church of Scientology responded by suing Daniels in a libel suit for $20 million. A judge dismissed the case.[25]
Eli Lilly experienced dramatic growth during Daniels' tenure at the company. Prozac sales made up 30–40% of Lilly's income during the mid-to-late 1990s, and Lilly doubled its assets to $12.8 billion and doubled its revenue to $10 billion during the same period. When Daniels later became Governor of Indiana, he drew heavily on his former Lilly colleagues to serve as advisers and agency managers.[26]
During the same period, Daniels also served on the board of directors of the Indianapolis Power & Light (IPL). He resigned from the IPL Board in 2001 to join the federal government, and sold his IPL stock for $1.45 million. Later that year the value declined when Virginia-based AES Corporation bought IPL.[10] The Indiana Securities Division subsequently investigated the sale and found no wrongdoing, but opponents brought up the sale and questioned it during his later election campaign.[25]
Daniels has said his time in the private sector at Eli Lilly was the experience that most helped him to serve as an effective governor. "I probably learned more there," Daniels said in 2015. "I’ll say this, I’ve enjoyed each opportunity, but frequently I was asked later, 'What previous experiences helped most to be an effective governor?,' that sort of thing. People would always expect me to name something from public life, but probably the experience in business, trying to manage for results, trying to get large numbers of people aligned and headed in a common direction, these were probably the most valuable days I spent." [27]
Office of Management and Budget[edit]
In January 2001, Daniels accepted President George W. Bush's invitation to serve as director of the Office of Management and Budget (OMB). He served as Director from January 2001 through June 2003. In this role he was also a member of the National Security Council and the Homeland Security Council.
During his time as the director of the OMB, Bush referred to him as "the Blade," for his noted acumen at budget cutting.[28] The $2.13 trillion budget Daniels submitted to Congress in 2001 would have made deep cuts in many agencies to accommodate the tax cuts being made, but few of the spending cuts were actually approved by Congress.[15] During Daniels' 29-month tenure in the position, the projected federal budget surplus of $236 billion declined to a $400 billion deficit, due to an economic downturn, and failure to enact spending cuts to offset the tax reductions.[20]
Following the September 11, 2001 attacks, Congress passed legislation authorizing the creation of the Department of Homeland Security. Just before the legislation was signed by Bush, Republican lawmakers inserted language into the bill that authorized protection from liability corporations that manufactured thimerosal, a controversial vaccine preservative that has been the subject of multiple lawsuits.[29] Eli Lilly was once the largest maker of thimerosal and is a major target of the lawsuits.[30] Daniels was the budget director at the time of the bill's passing and some [31][32][29] have raised concerns over potential conflicts of interest. Congress repealed the thimerosal provision following expressions of public displeasure.[31]
Shortly after the invasion of Afghanistan, Daniels gave a speech to the National Press Club in which he challenged the view of those who wanted to continue typical spending while the nation was at war. “The idea of reallocating assets from less important to more important things, especially in a time of genuine emergency, makes common sense and is applied everywhere else in life,” he said.[33]
Conservative columnist Ross Douthat stated in a column about Daniels time at OMB that Daniels "carried water, as director of the Office of Management and Budget, for some of the Bush administration’s more egregious budgets."[34] But Douthat, while calling Daniels “America’s Best Governor,” defended Daniels against accusations that Daniels inaccurately assessed the costs of the Iraq war.[35]
In the final days of 2002, when an invasion of Iraq was still a hypothetical question, Daniels told the New York Times that the cost of war with Iraq “could be” in the range of $50 to $60 billion. It was not clear whether Daniels was referring to the cost of a short invasion or a longer war, but he did indicate the administration was budgeting for both. He also described the “back-of-the-envelope” estimate by Bush Economic Advisor Lawrence B. Lindsey that it would cost $100 to $200 billion as much too high.[36] Two days later, after the New Years Holiday, an OMB spokesperson clarified Daniels’ remarks, adding that the $50 to $60 billion figure was not a hard White House estimate and “it is impossible to know what any military campaign would ultimately cost. The only cost estimate we know of in this arena is the Persian Gulf War and that was a $60 billion event".[37]
Three months later, on March 25, 2003, five days after the start of the invasion, President Bush requested $53 billion through an emergency supplemental appropriation to cover operational expenses in Iraq until September 30 of that year.[38] According to the Congressional Budget Office, Military operations in Iraq for 2003 cost $46 Billion, less than the amount projected by Daniels and OMB.[39] Douthat and other Daniel’s defenders accuse Daniels' critics of mischaracterizing the six-month supplemental appropriation as a request to fund the entire war.[34][35]
Between September 2001 and October 2012, lawmakers appropriated about $1.4 trillion for operations in both the war in Iraq and Afghanistan.[40]
Governor[edit]
Election campaign[edit]
Main article: Indiana gubernatorial election, 2004
Daniels' decision to run for Governor of Indiana led to most of the rest of Republican field of candidates to drop out of the race. The only challenger who did not do so was conservative activist and lobbyist Eric Miller. Miller worked for the Phoenix Group, a Christian rights defense group. Daniels' campaign platform centered on cutting the state budget and privatizing public agencies. He won the primary with 67% of the vote.[41]
While campaigning in the general election, Daniels visited all 92 counties at least three times. He traveled in a donated white RV nicknamed "RV-1" and covered with signatures of supporters and his campaign slogan, "My Man Mitch."[42] "My Man Mitch" was a reference to a phrase once used by President George W. Bush to refer to Daniels. Bush campaigned with Daniels on two occasions, as Daniels hoped that Bush's popularity would help him secure a win. In his many public stops, he frequently used the phrase "every garden needs weeding every sixteen years or so"; it had been 16 years since Indiana had had a Republican governor.[41] His opponent in the general election was the incumbent, Joe Kernan, who had succeeded to the office upon the death of Frank O'Bannon. Campaign ads by Kernan and the Democratic Party attempted to tie Daniels to number of issues—his jail time for marijuana use; a stock sale leading to speculations of insider trading; and, because of his role at Eli Lilly, the high cost of prescription drugs.[42] The 2004 election was the costliest in Indiana history, up until that time, with the candidates spending a combined US$23 million.[41] Daniels won the election, garnering about 53% of the vote compared to Kernan's 46%.[41] Kernan was the first incumbent governor to lose an election in Indiana since 1892.[41]
First term[edit]




Mitch Daniels visits Camp Arifjan in Kuwait


On his first day in office, Daniels created Indiana's first Office of Management and Budget to look for inefficiencies and cost savings throughout state government. The same day, he decertified all government employee unions by executive order, removing the requirement that state employees pay union dues by rescinding a mandate created by Governor Evan Bayh in a 1989 executive order. Dues-paying union membership subsequently dropped 90% among state employees.[43][44]
Budgetary measures[edit]
In his first State of the State address on January 18, 2005, Daniels put forward his agenda to improve the State's fiscal situation. Indiana has a biennial budget, and had a projected two-year deficit of $800 million. Daniels called for strict controls on all spending increases, and reducing the annual growth rate of the budget. He also proposed a one-year 1% tax increase on all individuals and entities earning over $100,000. The taxing proposal was controversial and the Republican Speaker of the House, Brian Bosma, criticized Daniels and refused to allow the proposal to be debated.[41][45]
The General Assembly approved $250 million in spending cuts and Daniels renegotiated 30 different state contracts for a savings of $190 million, resulting in a budget of $23 billion. Annual spending growth for future budgets was cut to 2.8% from the 5.9% that had been standard for many years.[45][46] Increase in revenues, coupled with the spending reductions, led to a $300 million budget surplus. Indiana is not permitted to take loans, as borrowing was prohibited in its constitution following the 1837 state bankruptcy. The state, therefore, had financed its deficit spending by reallocating $760 million in revenue that belonged to local government and school districts over the course of many years. The funds were gradually and fully restored to the municipal governments using the surplus money, and the state reserve fund was grown to $1.3 billion.[46]
Two of Daniels' other tax proposals were approved: a tax on liquor and beverages to fund the construction of the Lucas Oil Stadium and a tax on rental cars to expand the Indiana Convention Center. The new source of funding resulted in a state take-over of a project initially started by the City of Indianapolis and led to a bitter feud between Daniels and the city leadership over who should have ownership of the project. The state ultimately won and took ownership of the facilities from the city.[47]
In 2006, Daniels continued his effort to reduce state operating costs by signing into law a bill privatizing the enrollment service for the state's welfare programs. Indiana's welfare enrollment facilities were replaced with call centers operated by IBM. In mid-2009, after complaints of poor service, Daniels canceled the contract and returned the enrollment service to the public sector.[35]
Daylight Saving Time[edit]
One of the most controversial measures Daniels successfully pushed through was the state adoption of Daylight Saving Time, which Daniels argued would save the state money on energy costs.[47] Although the state is in the Eastern Time Zone, Indiana's counties had adopted their own time zone practices, and in practice the state effectively observed two different times, and the central part of the state maintained a single time—Eastern Standard—year round.[47] Interests for both EST and CST time zones had prevented the official adoption of daylight saving since the 1930s, and had led to decades of debate. Daniels pressed for the entire state to switch to Central Time, but the General Assembly could not come to terms. Ultimately after a long debate, they adopted Eastern Daylight Saving Time in April 2005, the measure passing by one vote, putting all but northwestern and southwestern Indiana on the same time for the first time.[47]
Highways[edit]
A controversial plan, known as the Major Moves plan, was passed in 2006. The Indiana Toll Road was leased to Statewide Mobility Partners, a joint venture company owned by Spanish firm Cintra and Australia's Macquarie Infrastructure Group for 75 years in exchange for a one time payment of $3.85 billion. The measure was opposed by most Democrats, who began an advertising campaign accusing Daniels of selling the road to foreign nations.[48][49] The income from the lease was used to finance a backlog of public transportation projects and create a $500 million trust fund to generate revenue for the maintenance of the highway system.[46]
Daniels' support for such controversial legislation led to a rapid drop in his approval rating; in May 2005, a poll showed an 18-point drop in support and that only 42% of Hoosiers approved of the way he was doing his job. In the following months, many of his reforms began to have a positive effect; and his ratings began to improve, and his approval rebounded.[50]
Economic development[edit]
Main article: Indiana Economic Development Corporation




Governor Daniels addresses state and federal assistance available to tornado and flood victims with then Congressman Mike Pence, FEMA Administrator R. David Paulison


When Daniels was elected, he stated his number one priority was job creation.[10] To achieve that goal, he created the public-private Indiana Economic Development Corporation (IEDC), became chairman of its board, and ordered it to “act at the speed of business, not the speed of government,” to attract new jobs. During its first year, the IEDC closed more transactions than similar efforts had during the previous two years combined. Between 2005 and 2008, 485 businesses committed to creating more than 60,000 new jobs and invest $14.5 billion into the Indiana economy. [10] By the end of the administration, IEDC claimed to have closed on almost 1,500 deals to create a projected 169,000 new jobs since 2005.[51]
During a 12-day trade mission in Asia, Daniels visited Indiana soldiers serving on the border of the Korean Demilitarized Zone. On the 56th anniversary of the start of the Korean War, he laid a bouquet of white flowers at the base of a plaque listing 900 soldiers from Indiana who died in the war. During the visit he met with Asian auto executives and successfully promoted the expansion of facilities in Indiana.[52]
In 2006, the IEDC topped its 2005 results. It landed three high-profile automotive investments from Toyota, Honda, and Cummins. In 2007, the IEDC announced its third consecutive record-breaking year for new investment and job commitments in Indiana with its largest deal being made with BP to construct $3.2 billion in facilities to assist in recovery of fuel from the Canadian tar sands.[10][46]
In March 2010, WTHR Indianapolis News published a story claiming that as of that date, up to 40% of the jobs the corporation reported to have helped create had not come to fruition. The IEDC revised the numbers in response to the report, claiming that just 13% of the job commitments they had received had not come to fruition as of 2010.[53]
Healthy Indiana Plan[edit]
In 2007, Daniels signed the Healthy Indiana Plan, which provided 132,000 uninsured Indiana workers with coverage. The program works by helping its beneficiaries purchase a private health insurance policy with a subsidy from the state. The plan promotes health screenings, early prevention services, and smoking cessation. It also provides tax credits for small businesses that create qualified wellness and Section 125 plans. The plan was paid for by an increase in the state’s tax on cigarettes and the reallocation of federal Medicaid funds through a special waiver granted by the federal government. In a September 15, 2007 Wall Street Journal column, Daniels was quoted as saying about the Healthy Indiana Plan and cigarette tax increase saying, “A consumption tax on a product you'd just as soon have less of doesn't violate the rules I learned under Ronald Reagan."[54]
The plan allows low to moderate income households where the members have no access to employer provided healthcare to apply for coverage. The fee for coverage is calculated using a formula that results in a charge between 2%–5% of a person's income. A $1,100 annual deductible is standard on all policies and allows applicants to qualify for a health savings account. The plan pays a maximum of $300,000 in annual benefits.[55]
WGU Indiana[edit]
Western Governors University of Indiana is the eighth university in Indiana and was formed with the support of Gov. Mitch Daniels in 2010.[56] The purpose of the new on-line university is to increase education opportunities for working adults across Indiana. In December 2012 WGU Indiana celebrated its 500th graduate.[57]
Property tax reform[edit]
See also: Taxation in Indiana
In 2008, Daniels proposed a property tax ceiling of one percent on residential properties, two percent for rental properties and three percent for businesses. The plan was approved by the Indiana General Assembly on March 14, 2008 and signed by Daniels on March 19, 2008. In 2008, Indiana homeowners had an average property tax cut of more than 30 percent; a total of $870 million in tax cuts. Most money collected through property taxes funds local schools and county government. To offset the loss in revenues to the municipal bodies, the state raised the sales tax from 6% to 7% effective April 1, 2008.[58]
Fearing a future government may overturn the statute enforcing property tax rate caps, Daniels and other state Republican leaders pressed for an amendment to add the new tax limits to the state constitution. The proposed amendment was placed on the 2010 General election ballot and was a major focus of Daniels' reelection campaign. In November 2010, voters elected to adopt the tax caps into the Indiana Constitution.[59]
Daniels' successes at balancing the state budget began to be recognized nationally near the end of his first term. Daniels was named on the 2008 "Public Officials of the Year" by the Governing magazine.[60] The same year, he received the 2008 Urban Innovator Award from the Manhattan Institute for his ideas for dealing with the state's fiscal and urban problems.[61]
Voter registration[edit]
Main article: Crawford v. Marion County Election Board
In the 2005 session of the General Assembly, Daniels and Republicans, with some Democratic support, successfully enacted a voter registration law that required voters to show a government issued photo ID before they could be permitted to vote. The law was the first of its kind in the United States, and many civil rights organizations, like the ACLU, opposed the bill saying it would unfairly impact minorities, poor, and elderly voters who may be unable to afford an ID or may be physically unable to apply for an ID. To partially address those concerns, the state passed another law authorizing state license branches to offer free state photo ID cards to individuals who did not already possess another type of state ID.[62]
A coalition of civil rights groups began a court challenge of the bill in Indiana state courts, and the Daniels' administration defended the government in the case. The Indiana Supreme Court ruled in favor of the state in late 2007. The petitioners appealed the bill to the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit, and that body upheld the State Supreme Court decision in the case of Crawford v. Marion County Election Board. Upon appeal the United States Supreme Court also ruled in favor of the state in April 2008, setting a legal precedent. Several other states subsequently enacted similar laws in the years following.[62]
Reelection campaign[edit]
See also: Indiana gubernatorial election, 2008




Mitch Daniels (left) talking to members of the Indiana National Guard.


Daniels entered the 2008 election year with a 51% approval rate, and 28% disapproval rate. Daniels' reelection campaign focused on the states unemployment rate, which had lowered during his time in office, the proposed property tax reform amendment, and the successful balancing of the state budget during his first term.[63]
On November 4, 2008, Daniels defeated Democratic candidate Jill Long Thompson and was elected to a second term as governor with 57.8% of votes.[64] He was reinaugurated on January 12, 2009. Washington Post blogger Chris Cillizza named the Daniels reelection campaign "The Best Gubernatorial Campaign of 2008" and noted that some Republicans were already bandying about his name for the 2012 presidential election.[65] Daniels garnered 20 percent of the African American vote and 37 percent of Latinos in his 2008 re-election campaign. He won with more votes than any candidate in the state's history.
On July 14, 2010 at the Indianapolis Museum of Art, Daniels was on hand to help announce the return of IndyCar Series chassis manufacturing to the state of Indiana.[66] Dallara Automobili will build a new technology center in Speedway, Indiana and the state of Indiana will subsidize the sale of the first 28 IndyCar chassis with a $150,000 discount.[67]
Daniels has been recognized for his commitment to fiscal discipline. He is a recent recipient of the Herman Kahn Award from the conservative think tank the Hudson Institute, of which he is a former president and CEO, and was one of the first to receive the Fiscy award for fiscal discipline.[68] A November 2010 poll gave Daniels a 75% approval rate.[69]
Second term[edit]




Governor Mitch Daniels in August 2010


Democrats won a majority in the Indiana House of Representatives in the 2006 and 2008 elections. This caused Indiana to have a divided government, with Democrats controlling the Indiana House of Representatives and the Republicans controlling the governor's office and the Indiana Senate. This also lead to a stalemate in the budget debate, which caused Mitch Daniels call a special session of the Indiana General Assembly. The state was faced with a $1 billion shortfall in revenue for the 2009–11 budget years. Daniels proposed a range of spending cuts and cost-saving measures in his budget proposal. The General Assembly approved some of his proposals, but relied heavily on the state's reserve funds to pay for the budget shortfall. Daniels signed the $27 billion two-year budget into law.
2011 legislative walkout[edit]
See also: 2011 Indiana legislative walkouts
In the 2010 mid-term elections, Republican super-majorities regained control of the House, and took control of the Senate, giving the party full control of General Assembly for the first time in Daniels' tenure as governor. The 2011 Indiana General Assembly's regular legislative session began in January and the large Republicans majorities attempted to implement a wide-ranging conservative agenda largely backed by Daniels. Most of the agenda had been "dormant" since Daniels' election due to divided control of the assembly.[70] In February, Republican legislators attempted to pass a right to work bill in the Indiana House of Representatives. The bill would have made it illegal for employees to be required to join a workers' union. Republicans argued that it would help the state attract new employers. Unable to prevent the measure from passing, Democratic legislators fled the state to deny the body quorum while several hundred protesters staged demonstrations at the capital. Minority walkouts are somewhat common in the state, occurring as recently as 2005.[71]
While Daniels supported the legislation, he believed the Republican lawmakers should drop the bill because it was not part of their election platform and deserved a period of public debate. Republicans subsequently dropped the bill, but the Democratic lawmakers still refused to return to the capital, demanding additional bills be tabled, including a bill to create a statewide school voucher program. Their refusal to return left the Indiana General Assembly unable to pass any legislation, until three of the twelve bills they objected to were dropped from the agenda on March 28. The minority subsequently returned to the statehouse to resume their duties.[71]
Daniels was interviewed in February 2011 about the similar 2011 Wisconsin budget protests in Madison. While supporting the Wisconsin Republicans, he said that in Indiana "we're not in quite the same position or advocating quite the same things they are up in Madison."[72]
Education[edit]
Following the legislative walkouts, the assembly began passing most of the agenda and Daniels signed the bills into law. Written in collaboration with Indiana Superintendent of Public Instruction Tony Bennett, a series of education reform laws made a variety of major changes to statewide public schools. A statewide school voucher program was enacted. Children in homes with an income under $41,000 could receive vouchers equal to 90% of the cost of their public school tuition and use that money to attend a private school. It provides lesser benefits to households with income over $41,000. The program will be gradually phased in over a three-year period and would be available to all state residents by 2014.[70][73][74]
Other funds were redirected to creating and expanding charter schools, and expanding college scholarship programs. The law also created a merit pay system to give better performing teachers higher wages, and gave broader authority to school superintendents to terminate the employment of teachers and restricts the collective bargaining rights of teachers.[73]
WGU Indiana was established through an executive order on June 14, 2010 by Daniels, as a partnership between the state and Western Governors University in an effort to expand access to higher education for Indiana residents and increase the percentage of the state’s adult population with education beyond high school.
Curriculum and funding[edit]
In July 2013, the Associated Press obtained emails under Indiana open record laws in which Daniels asked for assurances that a textbook, "The People's History of the United States," written by historian Howard Zinn "is not in use anywhere in Indiana." Daniels wrote in 2010, "This crap should not be accepted for any credit by the state."[75][76][77][78][79] Daniels' e-mails were addressed to Scott Jenkins, his education adviser, and David Shane, a top fundraiser and state school board member. Daniels and his aides came to agreement and the governor wrote to them, “Go for it. Disqualify propaganda ...." Part of Shane's input was that a statewide review “would force to daylight a lot of excrement.”[77] Though Teresa Lubbers, the state commissioner of higher education, was mentioned in the e-mails regarding the statewide review of courses, she later said that she "was never asked to conduct the survey of courses described in the e-mail exchanges, and that her office did not conduct such a survey".[76]
In one of the emails, Daniels expressed contempt for Zinn upon his death:

This terrible anti-American academic has finally passed away...The obits and commentaries mentioned his book, ‘A People’s History of the United States,’ is the ‘textbook of choice in high schools and colleges around the country.’ It is a truly execrable, anti-factual piece of disinformation that misstates American history on every page. Can someone assure me that it is not in use anywhere in Indiana? If it is, how do we get rid of it before more young people are force-fed a totally false version of our history?[80]

Three years later, in the wake of the revelations, 90 of Purdue's roughly 1,800 professors issued an open letter expressing their concern over Daniels' commitment to academic freedom.[81][82] Daniels responded by saying that if Zinn were alive and a member of the Purdue faculty, he would defend his free speech rights and right to publish.[83] In a letter responding to the professors, Daniels wrote, "In truth, my emails infringed on no one's academic freedom and proposed absolutely no censorship of any person or viewpoint."[75]
In a separate and unrelated round of emails composed in 2009, Indiana Education officials shared concerns with Daniels about the lobbying resources and activities of the Indiana Urban Schools Association. Daniels asked that the administration "examine cutting them out, at least of the [funding] 'surge' we are planning for the next couple yrs." The executive director of IUSA is Charles Little, an Indiana University-Purdue University Indianapolis professor of education, who had criticized him. It wasn’t immediately clear if the audit went through.[75] Daniels said he had never heard of Charles Little.[84]
Abortion[edit]
On April 27, 2011, the Indiana legislature passed a bill authored by State Rep. Eric Turner that prohibited taxpayer dollars from supporting organizations that performed abortions. The legislation also prohibited abortions for women more than 20 weeks pregnant, four weeks sooner than the previous law.[85] Although Daniels would later say he supported the bill from the outset, it was not part of his legislative agenda and he did not indicate whether he would sign or veto the law until after it passed the General Assembly.[86] Daniels signed the bill on May 10, 2011.[85]
Planned Parenthood and the ACLU subsequently brought a lawsuit against the state alleging it was being targeted unfairly, that the state law violated federal medicaid laws, and that their Fourteenth Amendment rights were violated. A May 11 ruling allowing the case to move forward, but denied the request from the petitioners to grant a temporary injunction to restore the funding;[87] however, a June 24 ruling prohibited the state from enforcing the law.[88]
Immigration[edit]
On May 10 Daniels signed into law two immigration bills; one denying in-state tuition prices to illegal immigrants and another creating fines for employers that employed illegal immigrants. Several protestors, at least five of whom were illegal immigrants, were arrested while protesting the law at the statehouse when they broke into Daniels' office after being denied a meeting. Student leaders called for their release, while some state legislators called for their deportation.[89]
State Democratic Party leaders accused Daniels and the Republicans of passing controversial legislation only to enhance Daniels' image so he could seek the presidency. Daniels, however, denied the charges, saying he would have enacted the same agenda years earlier had the then-Democratic majority permitted him to do so.[70]
Budget cuts[edit]
The state forecast continued revenue declines in 2010 that would result in a $1.7 billion budget shortfall if the state budget grew at its normal rate. Daniels submitted a two-year $27.5 billion spending plan to the General Assembly which would result in a $500 million surplus that would be used to rebuild the state reserve funds to $1 billion. He proposed a wide range of budget austerity measures, including employee furloughing, spending reductions, freezing state hiring, freezing state employee wages, and a host of administrative changes for state agencies. The state had already been gradually reducing its workforce by similar freezes, and by 2011, Indiana had the fewest state employees per capita than any other state—a figure Daniels touted to say Indiana had the nation's smallest government.[90][91]
Daniels backed the creation of additional toll roads, expanding on his 2006 overhaul of the Indiana Toll Road system (known as "Major Moves"), in an attempt to secure an additional source of revenue for the state. But opposition from within his own party led to the bill being withdrawn by its Republican sponsor, Sen. Tom Wyss, which resulted in Daniels's only significant legislative defeat during the 2011 session.[74]
The legislative walkouts delayed progress on the budget passage for nearly two months, but the House of Representatives was able to begin working on it in committee in April. The body made several alterations to the bill, including a reapportionment of education funding based more heavily on the number of students at a school, and removing some public school funding to finance the new voucher system and charter schools.[91]
Energy[edit]
Daniels announced in October 2006 that a substitute natural gas company intended to build a facility in southern Indiana that would produce pipeline quality substitute natural gas (SNG).[92] The lead investor was Leucadia National, which proposed a $2.6 billion plant in Rockport, Indiana. Under the terms of the deal endorsed by Daniels, the state would buy almost all the Rockport gas and resell it on the open market throughout the country. If the plant made money from the sale, excess profits would be split between Leucadia National's Indiana subsidiary, Indiana Gassification, and the state. If it lost money from the sale, then 100% of the losses would be passed onto Indiana consumers. Leucadia agreed to reimburse the state for any losses, up to $150 million over 30 years.[93] Gas from the plant would make up about 17 percent of the state's supply. Critics feared that if gas prices fell over the next 30 years, the costs of the lost profits would be passed onto the bills of residents once the $150 million guarantee by Leucadia was used up.[93] The deal also received criticism due to government intrusion in the energy markets.[94] Questions were also raised due to Leucadia National hiring Mark Lubbers to promote the deal. Lubbers is a former aide and close friend of Daniels.[95] The Daniels administration maintained that the plant would create jobs in an economically depressed part of the state and offer environmental benefits through an in-state energy source.[33] The project was ultimately panned by the state legislature in 2013.[96]
Right to Work[edit]
Indiana became the first state in a decade to adopt Right to Work legislation.[97] Indiana is home to many manufacturing jobs. The Indiana Economic Development Corp. has reported that 90 firms said the new law was an important factor in deciding to move to Indiana.[98] Gov. Daniels signed the legislation on Feb 1, 2012 without much fanfare in the hopes of dispersing labor protesters before the Super Bowl in Indianapolis.[99]
2012 presidential speculation[edit]
Although Daniels had claimed to be reluctant to seek higher office, many media outlets, including Politico, The Weekly Standard, Forbes, The Washington Post, CNN, The Economist, and The Indianapolis Star began to speculate that Daniels may intend to seek the Republican nomination for president in 2012 after he joined the national debate on cap and trade legislation by penning a response in The Wall Street Journal to policies espoused by the Democratic-majority Congress and the White House in August 2010.[49][100] The speculation has included Daniels' record of reforming government, reducing taxes, balancing the budget, and connecting with voters in Indiana.[101][102][103][104] Despite his signing into law of bills that toughened drug enforcement, regulated abortion, and a defense of marriage act, he has angered some conservatives because of his call for a "truce" on social issues so the party can focus on fiscal issues.[citation needed] His "willingness to consider tax increases to rectify a budget deficit" has been another source of contention.[105]
In August 2010, The Economist praised Daniels' "reverence for restraint and efficacy" and concluded that "he is, in short, just the kind of man to relish fixing a broken state—or country."[49] Nick Gillespie of Reason called Daniels "a smart and effective leader who is a serious thinker about history, politics, and policy," and wrote that "Daniels, like former New Mexico Gov. Gary Johnson, is a Republican who knows how to govern and can do it well."[106] In February 2011, David Brooks of The New York Times described Daniels as the "Party's strongest [would be] candidate", predicting that he "couldn't match Obama in grace and elegance, but he could on substance."[107]
On December 12, 2010, Daniels suggested in a local interview that he would decide on a White House run before May 2011.[108]
Different groups and individuals pressured Daniels to run for office.[109] In response to early speculation, Daniels dismissed a presidential run in June 2009, saying "I've only ever run for or held one office. It's the last one I'm going to hold."[110] However, in February 2010 he told a Washington Post reporter that he was open to the idea of running in 2012.[111]
On March 6, 2011, Daniels was the winner of an Oregon (Republican Party) straw poll. Daniels drew 29.33% of the vote, besting second place finisher Mitt Romney (22.66%) and third place finisher Sarah Palin (18.22%), and was the winner of a similar straw poll in the state of Washington.[112] On May 5, 2011, Daniels told an interviewer that he would announce "within weeks" his decision of whether or not to run for the Republican presidential nomination. He said he felt he was not prepared to debate on all the national issues, like foreign policy, and needed time to better understand the issues and put together formal positions.[113] Later in May, as the Republican field began to resolve with announcements and withdrawals of other candidates, Time said, "Even setting aside his somewhat unusual family situation, Daniels would need to hurry to put together an organization" and raise enough money if he intended to run.[114]
Daniels announced he would not seek the Republican nomination for the presidency on the night of May 21, 2011, via an email to the press, citing family constraints and the loss of privacy the family would experience should he become a candidate.[115]
2016 presidential speculation[edit]
In January 2014, the Republican National Committee sent an email to subscribers, asking them to pick their top three presidential choices. The poll included thirty two potential candidates including Daniels.[116] In March 2015, Fortune Magazine named Daniels No. 41 on its list of the world's 50 greatest leaders, generating a new round of calls for Daniels to consider his options in 2016. Daniels was the only American university president and the only national political figure (excluding Detroit Mayor Mike Duggan,) to make the global list.[117]
Purdue University[edit]




Purdue University President Mitch Daniels talks with Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack in 2014


Selection[edit]
The Purdue University Board of Trustees unanimously elected Mitch Daniels president of Purdue University on June 21, 2012. As governor, Daniels had appointed 8 of the 10 Board members and had reappointed the other two, which critics claimed was a conflict of interest. A state investigation released in October 2012 found that the circumstances did not violate the Indiana Code of Ethics.[118] Other critics of his selection pointed out that unlike previous Purdue presidents, he lacked a background in academia.[119] His term as president began upon completion of his term as governor in January 2013. In preparation for his term as President of Purdue University, Daniels stopped participating in partisan political activity during the 2012 election cycle and focused instead on issues related to higher education and fiscal matters.
In order to avoid the financial cost of a formal inauguration, Daniels instead wrote an "Open Letter to the People of Purdue" in which he documented the challenges facing higher education and outlined his initial priorities such as affordability, academic excellence and academic freedom.[120] Daniels has continued this practice, opting to send Open Letters to the Purdue community instead of giving a formal State of the University speech, as is more common in higher education.
Student interactions[edit]
Daniels works out daily at the student gym and eats frequently with students in student dining facilities.[121] In March 2013, he joined forces with a group of engineering students to create a viral music video promoting engineering and Purdue University. Within 24 hours, the video had received over 50,000 views.[122]
Purdue home football games feature a segment entitled "Where's Mitch?", in which, the stadium video board shows the camera panning the crowd and eventually finding Daniels sitting among the fans, sometimes in the student section. Former Purdue presidents rarely left their suite in the press-box structure.
Tuition freezes and cost reductions[edit]
The total cost of attending Purdue has fallen since Daniels assumed Purdue’s presidency, despite a trend at Big Ten institutions of rising costs. Total loan debt among the student body has also fallen 30% or $55 million.[123] Tuition at Purdue, prior to Daniels’ arrival had increased every year since 1976.[124] Two months after Daniels assumed his role as president, Purdue announced it would freeze tuition for two years, eventually extending the freeze for six years, through 2019. As a result, multiple graduating classes have become the first in at least 40 years to leave Purdue having never experienced a tuition increase,[125][126] in-state tuition is more than $1,000 lower than if the university had raised rates at the national average, and students and families have saved more than $226 million in educational expenses.[127]
Daniels announced the first tuition freeze before the state had determined Purdue's funding for the next biennium. Amidst questions about the timing, Daniels argued that he didn't need to wait because "it doesn't matter what the General Assembly does. This is the right thing to do and we are going to do it...the same way families do; the same way some governments do and all businesses do. We are going to adjust our spending to what we believe is the available and in this case the fair amount of revenue. I know often with good reason there has been an opportunity in higher education to adjust tuition to match what the place wanted to spend, and I just think we've reached the point where we ought to break that pattern."[128] The first tuition freeze required the university to find $40 million in savings or new revenue. In order to make up for the lost revenue from tuition freezes, Daniels and the Purdue Board of Trustees focused on finding operating efficiencies such as consolidating information technology data centers, investing cash reserves and switching to a consumer-driven health plan for employees.[129]
Daniels also reduced meal plan rates for students by 10 percent, froze housing costs and cut the university's cooperative education fees which had increased every year prior on record.[130][131] In fall 2014, Daniels announced a deal with Amazon to save students on textbooks and provide students, faculty and staff with free one day shipping to locations on campus.[132] Daniels has stated that the Amazon partnership saves students more than $550,000 a semester and has provided Purdue with $400,000 in new scholarship funds.[133]
Agenda[edit]
In September 2013, Daniels announced the major priorities of his administration, known as "Purdue Moves."[134] The plan continued Daniels’ focus on affordability but also called for new investments[135] such as the hiring of 165 new faculty in STEM disciplines, expansion of flipped classrooms, growing summer enrollment, investments in plant science and drug discovery research, and the creation of Competency-based degree[136] programs and some 3-year degree options. The Purdue Moves also emphasized commercialization of research. Under Daniels leadership, Purdue increased the number of affiliated start-up companies by more than 400 percent and broke the university record for patents.[137]
In 2015, Daniels announced plans to start the Purdue Polytechnic Indianapolis high school, designed to be a bridge for inner-city students to Purdue by admitting graduates directly to Purdue. Daniels described the high school as an attempt to increase the number of low-income, first-generation and minority students who are prepared for Purdue.[138] The high school will not open until 2017, but Purdue reported record levels of minority and underrepresented students in the Fall 2016 semester.[137]
Daniels also has emphasized free speech and inquiry by becoming the first public institution to adopt the Chicago principles for free speech and inquiry and one of roughly two dozen universities to receive the highest rating from the Foundation for Individual Rights in Education
In 2017, Daniels and the Purdue Board of Trustees announced its intention to acquire Kaplan University for the purpose of transforming it into an online Purdue program.[139]
Compensation[edit]
When Daniels was hired by Purdue he requested that his salary be less than his predecessors maximum salary and that 30 percent of his take home be based on the results of biannual performance reviews. Daniel’s base salary of $420,000 is $135,000 less than the prior president’s salary. Under the contract, his salary can grow to a maximum of $546,000 based on the results of a performance-bonus system—still less than his predecessor and the 3rd lowest in the 14-member Big Ten.[140] In November 2014, Daniels earned 88 percent of his at risk pay, receiving the grade of a B+ from the Trustees.[141]
Board service[edit]
In February 2013, Daniels was asked to co-chair a National Research Council committee to review and make recommendations on the future of the U.S. human spaceflight program. Daniels also co-chairs a Council on Foreign Relations Task Force on NonCommunicable diseases.[142] In March 2013, Daniels was elected to the board of Energy Systems Network (ESN), Indiana’s industry-driven clean technology initiative.
In June 2015, Daniels was elected to serve on the board of directors for Indiana Software company Interactive Intelligence (ININ).[143]
Electoral history[edit]
Main articles: Indiana gubernatorial election, 2004 and Indiana gubernatorial election, 2008

Indiana gubernatorial election, 2004

Party
Candidate
Votes
%
±



Republican
Mitch Daniels
1,302,912
53.2




Democratic
Joe Kernan (Incumbent)
1,113,900
45.5




Libertarian
Kenn Gividen
31,664
1.3




Indiana gubernatorial election, 2008

Party
Candidate
Votes
%
±



Republican
Mitch Daniels (Incumbent)
1,542,371
57.8




Democratic
Jill Long Thompson
1,067,863
40.1




Libertarian
Andy Horning
56,651
2.1



Authorship[edit]

Daniels, Mitch (2012), Aiming Higher: Words That Changed a State, IBJ Book Publishing, ISBN 978-1-934922-86-6 
Daniels, Mitch (2011), Keeping the Republic: Saving America by Trusting Americans, Sentinel, ISBN 978-1-59523-080-5 
Daniels, Mitch (2004), Notes from the Road: 16 months of towns, tales and tenderloins, Mitch Daniels Transition Team, ISBN 978-0-9766026-0-6 

Honors[edit]

Order of the Rising Sun, 2nd Class, Gold and Silver Star (2017)

See also[edit]


Biography portal
Conservatism portal
Indiana portal
Politics portal



List of Governors of Indiana


References[edit]


^ Vaughan, Martin A. (June 11, 2008). "States Move To Cut, Cap Property Taxes As Home Values Decline, Many Will Have to Make Up Lost Revenue by Other Means". Wall Street Journal. 
^ Leonhardt, David (January 4, 2011). "Budget Hawk Eyes Deficit". nytimes.com. 
^ Davey, Monica (February 1, 2012). "Indiana Governor Signs a Law Creating a ‘Right to Work’ State". nytimes.com. 
^ York, Byron (June 4, 2009). "Can Mitch Daniels save the GOP?". Washington Examiner. Retrieved 2013-01-18. 
^ Will, George F. (2010-02-07). "Charting a simple road to government solvency". Washington Post. Retrieved 2012-04-06. 
^ Douthat, Ross (2010-03-01). "A Republican Surprise". The New York Times. Retrieved 2010-05-12. 
^ King, Neil (2011-05-22). "Daniels Withdraws From Presidential Race". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved 2011-05-22. odyssey=tab%7Cmostpopular%7Ctext%7CFRONTPAGE
^ "Governor Fun Facts". State of Indiana. Archived from the original on 2009-01-16. Retrieved 2009-01-04. 
^ "Gov. Daniels says White House speculation reinforced Syrian roots". Archived from the original on 9 January 2013. Retrieved 5 July 2012. 
^ a b c d e f "Indiana Governor Mitch Daniels". National Governors Association. Archived from the original on September 30, 2007. Retrieved 2008-07-09. 
^ a b c d e Gugin, p. 404
^ "2009 Kahlil Gibran Gala". Arab American Institute. Archived from the original on 2010-12-02. Retrieved 2010-11-09. 
^ "Ancestry of Mitch Daniels". Wargs.com. Retrieved 2012-04-06. 
^ At Statesmen's Dinner, Republicans urged to flip Obama's slogan on its head[dead link]
^ a b c d Indianapolis Monthly. 25. April 2002. pp. 142–45. ISSN 0899-0328. 
^ "Presidential Scholars". Presidential Scholars Association. Archived from the original on 2011-03-04. Retrieved 2011-03-11. 
^ a b Schleifer, Teddy (February 24, 2011). "Daniels '71: Into the spotlight". The Daily Princetonian. Archived from the original on February 27, 2011. Retrieved 2011-02-28. 
^ "Democrats want more info on Daniels' arrest". Wthr.com. 1970-05-14. Retrieved 2012-04-06. 
^ Sullum, Jacob (2011-03-02) Mitch Daniels' Pot Luck, Reason
^ a b c d e "Mitch Daniels". IndyStar. 11 January 2005. Retrieved 2008-07-09. 
^ Daniels, Mitch, The Washington Post, August 22, 1989, accessed May 2, 2011.
^ "Public-Relations Pair to Join Lugar Staff." Indianapolis Star, 07 December, 1974, p. 26: "Daniels, 25, a CCI vice-president who worked in Lugar's office as a summer interne [sic] in 1969 and 1970…"
^ "About the Governor: Mitchell E. Daniels, Jr., Governor of Indiana". in.gov. Archived from the original on 2011-05-11. Retrieved 2011-05-05. 
^ "Twenty Largest Indiana Public Companies" (PDF). Indiana State Auditor. 1998. Retrieved 2011-04-14. 
^ a b Ferguson, Andrew (2010-06-14). "Ride Along With Mitch". The Weekly Standard. Retrieved 2011-04-14. 
^ "The Eli Lilly Years". gooznewsauthor=Kensen, Joanne. May 11, 2011. Retrieved 2012-05-12. 
^ "Mitch Daniels on Conversations with Bill Kristol". 
^ Slevin, Peter (2004-10-04). "In Indiana Race, Bush's Budget Blade Becomes 'My Man Mitch'". Washington Post. Retrieved 2008-12-28. President Bush admiringly called him "the Blade," for the gleam in his budget-cutting eye. 
^ a b "The Man Behind The Vaccine Mystery". CBS News. 2002-12-12. Retrieved 2017-05-28. 
^ "Homeland Bill Rider Aids Drugmakers". Washington Post. 2002-11-15. Retrieved 2017-05-28. 
^ a b Perelman, Michael (2005). Manufacturing Discontent. Pluto Press. pp. 113—114. ISBN 0745324061. 
^ "During Mitch Daniels’ decade at Eli Lilly, the drug giant paid billions in fines and settled thousands of lawsuits". The Center for Public Integrity. 2011-05-09. Retrieved 28 May 2017. 
^ a b Daniels, Mitchell E., Jr., "Remarks to The National Press Club", whitehouse.gov, 11/28/2001.
^ a b "Ross Douthat's Blog, 3 March 2010". The New York Times. 2010-03-03. Retrieved 2011-03-10. 
^ a b c Douthat, Ross (2010-03-01). "A Republican Surprise". New York Times. 
^ nytimes.com, 2002/12/31.
^ cnn.com, 2003/01/01.
^ Bush to Seek $75 Billion to Fight War, Terrorism, March 25, 2003, Los Angeles Times. The total request was for $75 billion but only $53 billion went to Iraq operations. "The spending measure would cover these expenses to the end of this fiscal year—Sept. 30—according to a senior administration official who briefed reporters Monday."
^ CBO Congressional Testimony, October 24, 2007, Table 2, Pg. 4, in the 2003 column
^ CBO Appropriations for Iraq and Afghanistan[dead link]
^ a b c d e f Gugin, p. 402
^ a b Gugin, p. 403
^ Stoll, Ira (2010-03-08). "Mitch Daniels on the State of the Nation". Hudson Institute. Retrieved 2010-09-16. 
^ "Wisconsins Unions Get Ugly". Wall Street Journal. April 1, 2011. Retrieved 2011-05-09. 
^ a b "State Releases Budget Numbers". Inside Indiana Business. July 15, 2005. Archived from the original on 2013-08-24. Retrieved 2011-05-13. 
^ a b c d Hemmingway, Mark (2009). "Mitch the Knife". National Review. Archived from the original on August 9, 2011. Retrieved 2011-05-08. 
^ a b c d Gugin, p. 405 Cite error: Invalid <ref> tag; name "g495" defined multiple times with different content (see the help page).
^ Mwape, James Muma (2009). Guide to Electronic Toll Payments. Xulon Press. ISBN 978-1-61579-364-8. 
^ a b c "Mitch Daniels: The right stuff". The Economist. 2010-08-19. Retrieved 2010-09-17. 
^ Gugin, p. 206
^ "Fact No. 36". Top 100 Facts about the Daniels Administration. 
^ "Governor visits Indiana troops in South Korea". Indystar.com. 25 June 2006. 
^ "Reality Check: Indiana job numbers don't add up". March 1, 2010. 
^ Barnes, Fred (September 15, 2007). "Hoosier Jump Shot". The Wall Street Journal. (Subscription required (help)). 
^ "Health Indiana Plan". HealthyIndianaPlan.org. Archived from the original on 2011-07-15. Retrieved 2011-05-11. 
^ Lederman, Doug (2010-07-14). "Indiana teams up with WGU to educate adults online". USA Today. 
^ insideindianabusiness.com Archived 2015-04-10 at the Wayback Machine..
^ "Governor Signs Property Tax Relief Bill" (PDF). IN.gov. 2010-03-19. Archived from the original (PDF) on 2011-08-10. Retrieved 2011-03-01. 
^ "Indiana Voters OK property tax cap". Indianapolis Business Journal. Associated Press. November 2, 2010. Retrieved 2011-01-03. 
^ Goodman, Josh (2008). "Public Officials of the Year". Governing magazine. Retrieved 2010-09-17. 
^ "2008 Urban Innovator Award Winner". Manhattan Institute. 2008-10-08. Archived from the original on 2010-09-11. Retrieved 2010-09-17. 
^ a b Barns, Robert (April 29, 2008). "High Court Upholds Indiana Voter Registration Law". Washington Post. Retrieved 2011-05-13. 
^ "Governor Mitch Daniels Well-Positioned Entering Election Year". Republican Governors' Association. 2010. Retrieved 2011-03-01. 
^ "Indiana – Election Results 2008 – The New York Times". Elections.nytimes.com. 2008-12-09. Retrieved 2012-04-06. 
^ Cillizza, Chris. "The Best Gubernatorial Campaign of 2008". Voices.washingtonpost.com. Retrieved 2012-04-06. 
^ Van Wyk, Rich. "Dallara picked for new IndyCar chassis". WTHR-TV. Retrieved 2010-08-02. 
^ "Dallara commits to new Speedway facility". IndyCar Series. Archived from the original on 2010-07-28. Retrieved 2010-08-02. 
^ "Award Recipients". Fiscy. Retrieved 2011-02-17. 
^ Trinko, Katrina (November 18, 2010). "Mitch Daniels’s Next Hurdle". National Review. Retrieved 2011-03-09. 
^ a b c Weidenbener, Lesley (May 1, 2011). "title unknown". Louisville Courier-Journal. pp. A1, A18. 
^ a b "Democratic lawmakers leave Indiana, block labor bill". Indianapolis Business Journal. Associated Press. February 22, 2011. Retrieved 2011-03-01. 
^ "State Budgets and Public Unions", transcript, The Diane Rehm Show, 2011-02-21. Retrieved 2011-02-22.
^ a b Allen, Kevin (April 22, 2011). "Indiana OKs Voucher program". South Bend Tribune. Archived from the original on September 27, 2011. Retrieved 2011-04-25. 
^ a b Shella, Jim (April 25, 2011). "DANIEls Chalks Up Legislative Wins". WISHTV News. Archived from the original on 2012-03-20. Retrieved 2011-04-25. 
^ a b c "Read Mitch Daniels emails about Howard Zinn", Journal & Courier, July 17, 2013.
^ a b Jaschik, Scott, "The Governor's Bad List", Inside Higher Ed, July 17, 2013.
^ a b "As governor, Mitch Daniels looked to censor academic writings and courses", Indystar.com, Jul. 16, 2013.
^ Rothschild, Matthew, "How Mitch Daniels Had It In for Howard Zinn", progressive.org, July 17, 2013.
^ "Censoring Howard Zinn: Former Indiana Gov. Tried to Remove 'A People’s History' from State Schools", DemocracyNow!, July 22, 2013. Including interviews with Anthony Arnove, co-editor with Zinn of "Voices of a People’s History of the United States," and Cornel West, professor at Union Theological Seminary and, formerly, at Princeton and Harvard. Retrieved 2013-07-22.
^ Ohlheiser, Abby. "Former Governor, Now Purdue President, Wanted Howard Zinn Banned in Schools". Atlantic Wire. Retrieved 14 August 2013. 
^ Wang, Stephanie. "Purdue faculty 'troubled' by Mitch Daniels' Howard Zinn comments". Indianapolis Star. Retrieved 14 August 2013. 
^ LoBianco, Tom (2013-07-22). "Mitch Daniels Letter: Purdue Professors Blast Former GOP Gov Over Howard Zinn Comments". Huffington Post. Retrieved 14 August 2013. 
^ Krull, John. "Daniels says issue is not freedom but Zinn's scholarship". Evansville Courier & Press. Retrieved 14 August 2013. 
^ Kehoe, Troy, "Daniels says report 'distorted' emails" Archived 2013-07-19 at the Wayback Machine., WISH-TV.com, July 17, 2013. "The former governor said he had never heard of Charles Little prior to this week..."
^ a b House Bill 1210, Indiana General Assembly 2011 Session.
^ Indiana Gov. Daniels to Sign Bill Defunding Planned Parenthood, April 29, 2011
^ Gillers, Heather (May 11, 2011). "Planned Parenthood eyes restraining order". USA Today. Retrieved 2011-05-11. 
^ Guyett, Susan (2011-06-25). "Indiana can't end Planned Parenthood funds: judge". Reuters. Retrieved 2011-08-25. 
^ Nye, Charlie (May 11, 2011). "Immigration bills signed amid arrests". IndyStar.com. Indianapolis Star. Retrieved 2011-05-11. 
^ "Ways and Means Presentation" (PDF). Governor's Office. March 2011. Retrieved 14 May 2011. 
^ a b Carden, Dan (2011-04-28). "State budget set for final vote : Elections". Nwitimes.com. Retrieved 2012-06-19. 
^ Indiana advances leadership in clean coal technology., Indiana Governor History, March 24, 2009.
^ a b Evanoff, Ted (January 2, 2011). "Daniels takes natural gas bet that others refused". Indianapolis Star. Retrieved 2012-02-15. 
^ Bradner, Eric (2010-12-16). "State, developers reach agreement on Rockport, Ind., gasification plant". Courier & Press. Retrieved 2013-04-29. 
^ Welsh, Gary (May 1, 2011). "Lubbers: Critics Of Coal Gasification Deal Are Sneaky And Evil". Advance Indiana. Retrieved 2012-02-15. 
^ Bradner, Eric (2013-04-27). "BRADNER: Rockport plant will never be". Retrieved 2013-04-29. 
^ economist.com.
^ "Indiana adopts right to work". 
^ wbez.org.
^ Daniels, Mitch (15 May 2009). "Indiana Says 'No Thanks' to Cap and Trade". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ Zickar, Lou (18 May 2009). "The innovators of today's GOP". 
^ Robinson, Peter (15 May 2009). "The Future Of The GOP". Forbes. 
^ Cillizza, Chris (12 May 2009). "Can Mitch Daniels Save the GOP?". The Washington Post. 
^ Tully, Matthew (17 May 2009). "How do Daniels' moves add up?". Archived from the original on 10 April 2015. 
^ Silver, Nate (2011-02-04) A Graphical Overview of the 2012 Republican Field, New York Times
^ Gillespie, Nick (2011-01-05) NY Times Flips its Whig Over Gov. Mitch Daniels (R-Ind.), Reason
^ Brooks, David (February 25, 2011). "Run Mitch, Run". New York Times. Retrieved 2011-03-01. 
^ ^ Mellinger, Mark (2010-12-16). "Daniels to decide on WH run before May" Archived 2010-12-17 at the Wayback Machine., WANE.com. Retrieved 2010-12-16.
^ Various (2 January 2011). "Student Initiative to Draft Daniels". 
^ "Daniels Ends 2012 Speculation". RealClearPolitics.com. 3 June 2009. Retrieved 4 June 2009. 
^ Cook, Dave (February 23, 2010). "Mitch Daniels open to presidential run, despite '100 reasons' to pass". Christian Science Monitor. Retrieved 2011-05-05. 
^ Mapes, Jeff (6 March 2011). "Indiana Gov. Mitch Daniels wins GOP presidential straw poll in Oregon". The Oregonian. Retrieved 7 March 2011. 
^ Haberman, Maggie (May 5, 2011). "Mitch Daniels". Politico. Retrieved 2011-05-06. 
^ Duffy, Michael, "Seven Days in May: How One Week Clarified the GOP Field, Time magazine, May 15, 2011. Retrieved 2011-05-16.
^ Haberman, Maggie (May 22, 2011). "Mitch Daniels won't run in 2012". Politico. Retrieved May 22, 2011. 
^ Siddiqui, Sabrina (January 10, 2014). "Republican National Committee Polls Voters On 2016 Presidential Candidates". Huffington Post. Retrieved 2014-03-18. 
^ McGregor, Jena (March 26, 2015). "World's Greatest Leader List". Washington Post. Retrieved 27 May 2015. 
^ Thomas, David O. (October 16, 2012). The Governor as Purdue University President (PDF) (Report). Retrieved 2013-01-14. 
^ Russell, John; Sabalow, Ryan; Schneider, Mary Beth; Sikich, Chris (June 20, 2012). "Gov. Mitch Daniels pick called a coup for Purdue, but qualifications questioned". The Indianapolis Star. Retrieved 2013-01-14. 
^ Daniels, Mitch. "An Open Letter to the People of Purdue". 
^ Weddle, Eric (Jan 19, 2013). "Daniels begins Purdue term with 12-hour days, fact-finding tour". Journal & Courier. Retrieved May 29, 2013. 
^ Video on YouTube.
^ "Purdue student and parent borrowing down four years running". Purdue.edu. 
^ "Declining Costs of Attendance". Purdue University. 
^ "Trustees extend tuition freeze through 2015-16 academic year". Purdue.edu/newsroom. 
^ "Purdue trustees endorse WL campus tuition freeze, 2.5 percent merit pay increase". Purdue Newsroom. May 18, 2017. 
^ "Purdue to hold tuition flat through 2018-19". Purdue Newsroom. March 20, 2017. 
^ "Purdue President Mitch Daniels on Tuition Freeze Plan". Press Conference, quote is 35 seconds in. WBAA News. March 1, 2013. 
^ Colombo, Hayleigh (May 18, 2003). "Purdue near $40M target; less than 3 months after tuition freeze news". Journal & Courier. 
^ Colombo, Hayleigh (May 22, 2013). "Silence golden in vote on Purdue tuition freeze". Journal & Courier. Factoring in a 5 percent meal plan reduction and a more than 50 percent cut in Purdue’s co-op fee, Purdue estimates more than 10,000 students and families will save about $3.5 million total. 
^ "The Value of a Purdue Education". Purdue.edu/PurdueMoves. 
^ "Purdue, Amazon to offer students savings on textbooks, provide first-ever on-campus pickup services". Purdue Newsroom. August 13, 2014. 
^ "Keeping the doors of higher education wide open". purdue.edu. 
^ "Daniels provides additional details on Purdue campus initiatives". Purdue News. Sep 9, 2013. 
^ "Higher Education at the Highest Proven Value". http://www.purdue.edu/purduemoves/.  External link in |website= (help); Missing or empty |url= (help)
^ "Daniels awards prize for competency-based degree to Purdue Polytechnic Institute". Purdue Newsroom. September 4, 2014. 
^ a b "'Year of records' continues at Purdue". Purdue Newsroom. September 14, 2015. 
^ "Purdue Polytechnic High School to provide STEM pipeline". Purdue Newsroom. June 18, 2015. 
^ "Purdue to acquire Kaplan University, increase access for millions". Purdue Newsroom. April 27, 2017. 
^ "Purdue trims president's pay, breaks new ground for executive compensation", Purdue News, December 15, 2012.
^ Tyner, Brittany (November 5, 2014). "Daniels awarded $111K in at-risk pay". WLFI.com. 
^ "Independent Task Force on Noncommunicable Diseases". Council on Foreign Relations. February 2014. Archived from the original on 2015-02-13. 
^ "Interactive Intelligence Elects Mitch Daniels to Board of Directors (NASDAQ:ININ)". 



Gugin, Linda C.; St. Clair, James E, eds. (2006). The Governors of Indiana. Indianapolis, Indiana: Indiana Historical Society Press. ISBN 0-87195-196-7. 

External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Mitch Daniels.





Wikiquote has quotations related to: Mitch Daniels



Purdue University President Mitch Daniels Purdue University site
Appearances on C-SPAN



Political offices


Preceded by
Jack Lew
Director of the Office of Management and Budget
2001–2003
Succeeded by
Joshua Bolten


Preceded by
Joe Kernan
Governor of Indiana
2005–2013
Succeeded by
Mike Pence


Party political offices


Preceded by
David McIntosh
Republican nominee for Governor of Indiana
2004, 2008
Succeeded by
Mike Pence


Preceded by
Paul Ryan
Response to the State of the Union address
2012
Succeeded by
Marco Rubio


Academic offices


Preceded by
Timothy Sands
Acting
President of the Purdue University System
2013–present
Incumbent








v
t
e


Directors of the United States Office of Management and Budget






Dawes
Lord
Roop
Douglas
D. W. Bell
Smith
Webb
Pace
Lawton
Dodge
Hughes
Brundage
Stans
D. E. Bell
Gordon
Schultze
Zwick
Mayo
Shultz
Weinberger
Ash
Lynn
Lance
McIntyre
Stockman
Miller
Wright
Darman
Panetta
Rivlin
Raines
Lew
Daniels
Bolten
Portman
Nussle
Orszag
Lew
Burwell
Donovan
Mulvaney















v
t
e


Cabinet of President George W. Bush (2001–09)








Cabinet



Secretary of State



Colin Powell (2001–05)
Condoleezza Rice (2005–09)








Secretary of the Treasury



Paul H. O'Neill (2001–02)
John W. Snow (2003–06)
Henry Paulson (2006–09)





Secretary of Defense



Donald Rumsfeld (2001–06)
Robert Gates (2006–09)





Attorney General



John Ashcroft (2001–05)
Alberto Gonzales (2005–07)
Michael Mukasey (2007–09)





Secretary of the Interior



Gale Norton (2001–06)
Dirk Kempthorne (2006–09)





Secretary of Agriculture



Ann Veneman (2001–05)
Mike Johanns (2005–07)
Ed Schafer (2008–09)





Secretary of Commerce



Donald Evans (2001–05)
Carlos Gutierrez (2005–09)





Secretary of Labor



Elaine Chao (2001–09)





Secretary of Health and
Human Services



Tommy Thompson (2001–05)
Mike Leavitt (2005–09)





Secretary of Housing and
Urban Development



Mel Martinez (2001–03)
Alphonso Jackson (2003–08)
Steve Preston (2008–09)





Secretary of Transportation



Norman Mineta (2001–06)
Mary E. Peters (2006–09)





Secretary of Energy



Spencer Abraham (2001–05)
Samuel Bodman (2005–09)





Secretary of Education



Rod Paige (2001–05)
Margaret Spellings (2005–09)





Secretary of Veterans Affairs



Anthony Principi (2001–05)
Jim Nicholson (2005–07)
James Peake (2007–09)





Secretary of Homeland Security



Tom Ridge (2003–05)
Michael Chertoff (2005–09)













Cabinet-level



Vice President



Dick Cheney (2001–09)





White House Chief of Staff



Andrew Card (2001–06)
Joshua Bolten (2006–09)





Administrator of the
Environmental Protection Agency



Christine Todd Whitman (2001–03)
Mike Leavitt (2003–05)
Stephen L. Johnson (2005–09)





Director of the Office of
Management and Budget



Mitch Daniels (2001–03)
Joshua Bolten (2003–06)
Rob Portman (2006–07)
Jim Nussle (2007–09)





Director of National Drug
Control Policy



John P. Walters (2001–09)





Trade Representative



Robert Zoellick (2001–05)
Rob Portman (2005–06)
Susan Schwab (2006–09)















v
t
e


Presidents of Purdue University






Richard Owen (1872)
Abraham C. Shortridge (1874)
John S. Hougham # (1876)
Emerson E. White (1876)
James H. Smart (1883)
Winthrop E. Stone (1900)
Henry W. Marshall # (1921)
Edward C. Elliott (1922)
Andrey A. Potter # (1945)
Frederick L. Hovde (1946)
Arthur G. Hansen (1971)
John W. Hicks # (1982)
Steven C. Beering (1983)
Martin C. Jischke (2000)
France A. Córdova (2007)
Timothy Sands # (2012)
Mitch Daniels (2013)

Pound sign (#) denotes an acting or interim president











v
t
e


Governors of Indiana



Territorial (1800–16)



Harrison
Gibson (acting)
Posey








State (since 1816)



Jennings
Boon
W. Hendricks
Ray
Noble
Wallace
Bigger
J. Whitcomb
Dunning
Wright
Willard
Hammond
Lane
Morton
Baker
T. Hendricks
Williams
Gray
Porter
Gray
Hovey
Chase
Matthews
Mount
Durbin
Hanly
Marshall
Ralston
Goodrich
McCray
Branch
Jackson
Leslie
McNutt
Townsend
Schricker
Gates
Schricker
Craig
Handley
Welsh
Branigin
E. Whitcomb
Bowen
Orr
Bayh
O'Bannon
Kernan
Daniels
Pence
Holcomb







See also: Governor of Indiana








Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 53799327
LCCN: no2001039207










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Mitch_Daniels&oldid=789988566"					
Categories: Presidents of Purdue University1949 birthsAmerican people of English descentAmerican people of Levantine-Eastern Orthodox Christian descentAmerican people of Scottish descentAmerican people of Syrian descentAmerican politicians of Syrian descentCritics of ScientologyDirectors of the Office of Management and BudgetEli Lilly and CompanyGeorge W. Bush administration cabinet members21st-century American politiciansGeorgetown University Law Center alumniGovernors of IndianaIndiana RepublicansLiving peopleMiddle Eastern ChristiansPeople of Syrian descentOverseas Private Investment Corporation officialsPeople from Washington County, PennsylvaniaPoliticians from IndianapolisRepublican Party state governors of the United StatesWoodrow Wilson School of Public and International Affairs alumniHidden categories: Pages with reference errorsAll articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from December 2011Articles with dead external links from March 2017Pages with duplicate reference namesPages containing links to subscription-only contentWebarchive template wayback linksCS1 errors: external linksPages using web citations with no URLGood articlesAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from May 2011Wikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquote 



Languages


العربيةБългарскиCatalàDanskDeutschEspañolفارسیFrançaisNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsРусскийSimple EnglishSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиSuomiSvenskaУкраїнськаTiếng Việt中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 10 July 2017, at 21:57.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Mitch Daniels - Wikipedia






















 







Mitch Daniels

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Mitch Daniels








President of the Purdue University System



Incumbent



Assumed office
January 14, 2013


Preceded by
Timothy Sands (Acting)


49th Governor of Indiana


In office
January 10, 2005 – January 14, 2013


Lieutenant
Becky Skillman


Preceded by
Joe Kernan


Succeeded by
Mike Pence


Director of the Office of Management and Budget


In office
January 20, 2001 – June 6, 2003


President
George W. Bush


Preceded by
Jack Lew


Succeeded by
Joshua Bolten





Personal details


Born
Mitchell Elias Daniels Jr
(1949-04-07) April 7, 1949 (age 68)
Monongahela, Pennsylvania, U.S.


Political party
Republican


Spouse(s)
Cheri Herman (1978–1993; 1997–present)


Education
Princeton University (A.B.)
Georgetown University (J.D.)


Signature



Website
Purdue University website
Government website


Mitchell Elias "Mitch" Daniels Jr. (born April 7, 1949) is an American academic administrator, businessman, author, and retired politician who served as the 49th Governor of Indiana from 2005 to 2013. He is a member of the Republican Party. Since 2013, Daniels has been president of Purdue University.
Born in Monongahela, Pennsylvania, Daniels is a graduate of Princeton University, and received his Juris Doctor from Georgetown University Law Center after studying briefly at the Indiana University Robert H. McKinney School of Law. Daniels began his career working as an assistant to Richard Lugar, working as his chief of staff in the Senate from 1977 to 1982, and was appointed executive director of the National Republican Senatorial Committee when Lugar was chairman from 1983 to 1984. He worked as a chief political adviser and as a liaison to President Ronald Reagan in 1985, before he was appointed president of the conservative think tank, the Hudson Institute. Daniels moved back to Indiana, joining Eli Lilly and Company, working as president of North American Pharmaceutical Operations from 1993 to 1997, and senior vice president of corporate strategy and policy from 1997 to 2001. In January 2001, Daniels was appointed by President George W. Bush as the director of the U.S. Office of Management and Budget, where he served until June 2003.
Daniels announced his intention to run in Indiana's 2004 gubernatorial election after leaving the Bush administration. He won the Republican primary with 67% of the vote, and defeated Democratic incumbent Governor Joe Kernan in the general election. Daniels was reelected to a second term, defeating former U.S. Representative and US Department of Agriculture undersecretary Jill Long Thompson, on November 4, 2008. During his tenure as governor, Daniels cut the state government workforce by 18%, cut and capped state property taxes, and balanced the state budget through budget austerity measures and increasing spending by less than the inflation rate.[1][2] In his second term, Daniels saw protest by labor unions and Democrats in the state legislature over his policies regarding Indiana's school voucher program and the Indiana House of Representatives attempt to pass right to work legislation, leading to the 2011 Indiana legislative walkouts. During the legislature's last session under Daniels, he signed the right-to-work law; with Indiana becoming the 23rd state in the nation to do so.[3]
It was widely speculated that Daniels would be a candidate in the 2012 presidential election,[4][5][6] but he chose not to run.[7] He is the author of the best selling book Keeping the Republic: Saving America by Trusting Americans. Daniels was selected to be president of Purdue University after his term as governor ended on January 14, 2013.



Contents


1 Early life

1.1 Family and education
1.2 Early political career
1.3 Eli Lilly


2 Office of Management and Budget
3 Governor

3.1 Election campaign
3.2 First term

3.2.1 Budgetary measures
3.2.2 Daylight Saving Time
3.2.3 Highways
3.2.4 Economic development
3.2.5 Healthy Indiana Plan
3.2.6 WGU Indiana
3.2.7 Property tax reform
3.2.8 Voter registration


3.3 Reelection campaign
3.4 Second term

3.4.1 2011 legislative walkout
3.4.2 Education

3.4.2.1 Curriculum and funding


3.4.3 Abortion
3.4.4 Immigration
3.4.5 Budget cuts
3.4.6 Energy
3.4.7 Right to Work




4 2012 presidential speculation
5 2016 presidential speculation
6 Purdue University

6.1 Selection
6.2 Student interactions
6.3 Tuition freezes and cost reductions
6.4 Agenda
6.5 Compensation


7 Board service
8 Electoral history
9 Authorship
10 Honors
11 See also
12 References
13 External links



Early life[edit]
Family and education[edit]
Mitchell Elias Daniels, Jr., was born on April 7, 1949 in Monongahela, Pennsylvania, the son of Dorothy Mae (née Wilkes) and Mitchell Elias Daniels, Sr.[8] His father's parents were immigrants from Syria, of Antiochian Greek Orthodox descent.[9] Daniels has been honored by the Arab-American Institute with the 2011 Najeeb Halaby Award for Public Service.[10][11][12] His mother's ancestry was mostly English (where three of his great-grandparents were born).[13] Daniels spent his early childhood years in Pennsylvania, Tennessee,[14] and Georgia.
The Daniels family moved to Indiana from Pennsylvania in 1959 when his father accepted a job at the Indianapolis headquarters of the pharmaceutical company Pittman-Moore. Then 11-year-old Daniels was accustomed to the mountains, and he at first disliked the flatland of central Indiana. He was still in grade school at the time of the move and first attended Delaware Trail Elementary, Westlane Junior High School, and North Central High School. In high school he was student body president.[15] After graduation in 1967, Daniels was named one of Indiana's Presidential Scholars—the state's top male high school graduate that year—by President Lyndon B. Johnson.[16]
In 1971, Daniels earned a Bachelor's degree from the Woodrow Wilson School of Public and International Affairs at Princeton University. While there, he was a member of the American Whig–Cliosophic Society, where he overlapped with future Supreme Court Justice Samuel Alito, who was a year below. He initially studied law at the Indiana McKinney School of Law in Indianapolis. After accepting a job with newly elected Senator Richard Lugar, he transferred to the Georgetown University Law Center, from which he earned a Juris Doctor.[11]
In 1970, while an undergraduate student at Princeton, a grand jury indicted Daniels for marijuana possession and for maintaining a common nuisance.[17] The charges were eventually dropped and Daniels pleaded guilty to "a disorderly person charge" based on a confession that he had used marijuana. He spent two nights in jail and paid a $350 fine.[18] According to Daniels' roommate at the time, police obtained a warrant to search the room based on the activity of another student who used to live in the room. The roommate told the Daily Princetonian that "Unbeknownst to [Daniels and the other current roommates] … [the former roommate] was coming back there and using the room when we're not there and was involved with drugs much worse than pot."[17] Daniels told The Daily Princetonian in 2011 that "justice was served,"[19] and has disclosed the arrest on job applications, and spoken about the incident in columns in The Indianapolis Star[20] and The Washington Post.[21]
In February 2013, Princeton honored Daniels with the Woodrow Wilson Award, which recognizes an alumnus whose career embodies the call to duty in Wilson's famous speech, "Princeton in the Nation's Service." The award was presented during Alumni Day activities on February 23, 2013.
Early political career[edit]
Daniels had his first experience in politics while still a teenager when, in 1968, he worked on the unsuccessful campaign of fellow Hoosier and Princeton alumnus William Ruckelshaus, who was running for the U.S. Senate against incumbent Democrat Birch Bayh.[15] After the campaign Ruckelshaus helped Daniels secure an internship in the office of then-Indianapolis mayor Richard Lugar. Daniels worked on Lugar's re-election campaign in 1971, and later, in 1974, he worked on Lugar's first campaign for Senate via L. Keith Bulen's Campaign Communicators, Inc, a political consultancy where Daniels served as vice president. Daniels joined Lugar's mayoral staff in December, 1974.[22] Within three years, he became Lugar's principal assistant. After Lugar was elected to the U.S. Senate in 1976, Daniels followed him to Washington, D.C. as his Chief of Staff.[20]
Daniels served as Chief of Staff during Lugar's first term (1977–82); and, during this time, he met Cheri Herman, who was working for the National Park Service. The two married in 1978 and had four daughters. They divorced in 1993 and Cheri married again; Cheri later divorced her second husband and remarried Daniels in 1997.[11]
In 1983, when Lugar was elected chairman of the National Republican Senatorial Committee, Daniels was appointed its executive director. Serving in that position (1983–84), he played a major role in keeping the GOP in control of the Senate. Daniels was also manager of three successful re-election campaigns for Lugar. In August 1985, Daniels became chief political advisor and liaison to President Ronald Reagan.[20]
In 1987, Daniels returned to Indiana as president and CEO of the Hudson Institute, a conservative think tank.[11][23] In 1988, Dan Quayle was elected Vice President of the United States, and Governor of Indiana Robert D. Orr offered to appoint Daniels to Quayle's vacant Senate seat. Daniels declined the offer, saying it would force him to spend too much time away from his family.[15]
Eli Lilly[edit]
In 1990, Daniels left the Hudson Institute to accept a position at Eli Lilly and Company, the largest corporation headquartered in Indiana at that time.[24] He was first promoted to President of North American Operations (1993–97) and then to Senior Vice President for Corporate Strategy and Policy (1997–2001).[10][11][20] During his time at Lilly, Daniels managed a successful strategy to deflect attacks on Lilly's Prozac product by a public relations campaign against the drug being waged by the Church of Scientology. In one interview in 1992, Daniels said of the organization that "it is no church," and that people on Prozac were less likely to become victims of the organization. The Church of Scientology responded by suing Daniels in a libel suit for $20 million. A judge dismissed the case.[25]
Eli Lilly experienced dramatic growth during Daniels' tenure at the company. Prozac sales made up 30–40% of Lilly's income during the mid-to-late 1990s, and Lilly doubled its assets to $12.8 billion and doubled its revenue to $10 billion during the same period. When Daniels later became Governor of Indiana, he drew heavily on his former Lilly colleagues to serve as advisers and agency managers.[26]
During the same period, Daniels also served on the board of directors of the Indianapolis Power & Light (IPL). He resigned from the IPL Board in 2001 to join the federal government, and sold his IPL stock for $1.45 million. Later that year the value declined when Virginia-based AES Corporation bought IPL.[10] The Indiana Securities Division subsequently investigated the sale and found no wrongdoing, but opponents brought up the sale and questioned it during his later election campaign.[25]
Daniels has said his time in the private sector at Eli Lilly was the experience that most helped him to serve as an effective governor. "I probably learned more there," Daniels said in 2015. "I’ll say this, I’ve enjoyed each opportunity, but frequently I was asked later, 'What previous experiences helped most to be an effective governor?,' that sort of thing. People would always expect me to name something from public life, but probably the experience in business, trying to manage for results, trying to get large numbers of people aligned and headed in a common direction, these were probably the most valuable days I spent." [27]
Office of Management and Budget[edit]
In January 2001, Daniels accepted President George W. Bush's invitation to serve as director of the Office of Management and Budget (OMB). He served as Director from January 2001 through June 2003. In this role he was also a member of the National Security Council and the Homeland Security Council.
During his time as the director of the OMB, Bush referred to him as "the Blade," for his noted acumen at budget cutting.[28] The $2.13 trillion budget Daniels submitted to Congress in 2001 would have made deep cuts in many agencies to accommodate the tax cuts being made, but few of the spending cuts were actually approved by Congress.[15] During Daniels' 29-month tenure in the position, the projected federal budget surplus of $236 billion declined to a $400 billion deficit, due to an economic downturn, and failure to enact spending cuts to offset the tax reductions.[20]
Following the September 11, 2001 attacks, Congress passed legislation authorizing the creation of the Department of Homeland Security. Just before the legislation was signed by Bush, Republican lawmakers inserted language into the bill that authorized protection from liability corporations that manufactured thimerosal, a controversial vaccine preservative that has been the subject of multiple lawsuits.[29] Eli Lilly was once the largest maker of thimerosal and is a major target of the lawsuits.[30] Daniels was the budget director at the time of the bill's passing and some [31][32][29] have raised concerns over potential conflicts of interest. Congress repealed the thimerosal provision following expressions of public displeasure.[31]
Shortly after the invasion of Afghanistan, Daniels gave a speech to the National Press Club in which he challenged the view of those who wanted to continue typical spending while the nation was at war. “The idea of reallocating assets from less important to more important things, especially in a time of genuine emergency, makes common sense and is applied everywhere else in life,” he said.[33]
Conservative columnist Ross Douthat stated in a column about Daniels time at OMB that Daniels "carried water, as director of the Office of Management and Budget, for some of the Bush administration’s more egregious budgets."[34] But Douthat, while calling Daniels “America’s Best Governor,” defended Daniels against accusations that Daniels inaccurately assessed the costs of the Iraq war.[35]
In the final days of 2002, when an invasion of Iraq was still a hypothetical question, Daniels told the New York Times that the cost of war with Iraq “could be” in the range of $50 to $60 billion. It was not clear whether Daniels was referring to the cost of a short invasion or a longer war, but he did indicate the administration was budgeting for both. He also described the “back-of-the-envelope” estimate by Bush Economic Advisor Lawrence B. Lindsey that it would cost $100 to $200 billion as much too high.[36] Two days later, after the New Years Holiday, an OMB spokesperson clarified Daniels’ remarks, adding that the $50 to $60 billion figure was not a hard White House estimate and “it is impossible to know what any military campaign would ultimately cost. The only cost estimate we know of in this arena is the Persian Gulf War and that was a $60 billion event".[37]
Three months later, on March 25, 2003, five days after the start of the invasion, President Bush requested $53 billion through an emergency supplemental appropriation to cover operational expenses in Iraq until September 30 of that year.[38] According to the Congressional Budget Office, Military operations in Iraq for 2003 cost $46 Billion, less than the amount projected by Daniels and OMB.[39] Douthat and other Daniel’s defenders accuse Daniels' critics of mischaracterizing the six-month supplemental appropriation as a request to fund the entire war.[34][35]
Between September 2001 and October 2012, lawmakers appropriated about $1.4 trillion for operations in both the war in Iraq and Afghanistan.[40]
Governor[edit]
Election campaign[edit]
Main article: Indiana gubernatorial election, 2004
Daniels' decision to run for Governor of Indiana led to most of the rest of Republican field of candidates to drop out of the race. The only challenger who did not do so was conservative activist and lobbyist Eric Miller. Miller worked for the Phoenix Group, a Christian rights defense group. Daniels' campaign platform centered on cutting the state budget and privatizing public agencies. He won the primary with 67% of the vote.[41]
While campaigning in the general election, Daniels visited all 92 counties at least three times. He traveled in a donated white RV nicknamed "RV-1" and covered with signatures of supporters and his campaign slogan, "My Man Mitch."[42] "My Man Mitch" was a reference to a phrase once used by President George W. Bush to refer to Daniels. Bush campaigned with Daniels on two occasions, as Daniels hoped that Bush's popularity would help him secure a win. In his many public stops, he frequently used the phrase "every garden needs weeding every sixteen years or so"; it had been 16 years since Indiana had had a Republican governor.[41] His opponent in the general election was the incumbent, Joe Kernan, who had succeeded to the office upon the death of Frank O'Bannon. Campaign ads by Kernan and the Democratic Party attempted to tie Daniels to number of issues—his jail time for marijuana use; a stock sale leading to speculations of insider trading; and, because of his role at Eli Lilly, the high cost of prescription drugs.[42] The 2004 election was the costliest in Indiana history, up until that time, with the candidates spending a combined US$23 million.[41] Daniels won the election, garnering about 53% of the vote compared to Kernan's 46%.[41] Kernan was the first incumbent governor to lose an election in Indiana since 1892.[41]
First term[edit]




Mitch Daniels visits Camp Arifjan in Kuwait


On his first day in office, Daniels created Indiana's first Office of Management and Budget to look for inefficiencies and cost savings throughout state government. The same day, he decertified all government employee unions by executive order, removing the requirement that state employees pay union dues by rescinding a mandate created by Governor Evan Bayh in a 1989 executive order. Dues-paying union membership subsequently dropped 90% among state employees.[43][44]
Budgetary measures[edit]
In his first State of the State address on January 18, 2005, Daniels put forward his agenda to improve the State's fiscal situation. Indiana has a biennial budget, and had a projected two-year deficit of $800 million. Daniels called for strict controls on all spending increases, and reducing the annual growth rate of the budget. He also proposed a one-year 1% tax increase on all individuals and entities earning over $100,000. The taxing proposal was controversial and the Republican Speaker of the House, Brian Bosma, criticized Daniels and refused to allow the proposal to be debated.[41][45]
The General Assembly approved $250 million in spending cuts and Daniels renegotiated 30 different state contracts for a savings of $190 million, resulting in a budget of $23 billion. Annual spending growth for future budgets was cut to 2.8% from the 5.9% that had been standard for many years.[45][46] Increase in revenues, coupled with the spending reductions, led to a $300 million budget surplus. Indiana is not permitted to take loans, as borrowing was prohibited in its constitution following the 1837 state bankruptcy. The state, therefore, had financed its deficit spending by reallocating $760 million in revenue that belonged to local government and school districts over the course of many years. The funds were gradually and fully restored to the municipal governments using the surplus money, and the state reserve fund was grown to $1.3 billion.[46]
Two of Daniels' other tax proposals were approved: a tax on liquor and beverages to fund the construction of the Lucas Oil Stadium and a tax on rental cars to expand the Indiana Convention Center. The new source of funding resulted in a state take-over of a project initially started by the City of Indianapolis and led to a bitter feud between Daniels and the city leadership over who should have ownership of the project. The state ultimately won and took ownership of the facilities from the city.[47]
In 2006, Daniels continued his effort to reduce state operating costs by signing into law a bill privatizing the enrollment service for the state's welfare programs. Indiana's welfare enrollment facilities were replaced with call centers operated by IBM. In mid-2009, after complaints of poor service, Daniels canceled the contract and returned the enrollment service to the public sector.[35]
Daylight Saving Time[edit]
One of the most controversial measures Daniels successfully pushed through was the state adoption of Daylight Saving Time, which Daniels argued would save the state money on energy costs.[47] Although the state is in the Eastern Time Zone, Indiana's counties had adopted their own time zone practices, and in practice the state effectively observed two different times, and the central part of the state maintained a single time—Eastern Standard—year round.[47] Interests for both EST and CST time zones had prevented the official adoption of daylight saving since the 1930s, and had led to decades of debate. Daniels pressed for the entire state to switch to Central Time, but the General Assembly could not come to terms. Ultimately after a long debate, they adopted Eastern Daylight Saving Time in April 2005, the measure passing by one vote, putting all but northwestern and southwestern Indiana on the same time for the first time.[47]
Highways[edit]
A controversial plan, known as the Major Moves plan, was passed in 2006. The Indiana Toll Road was leased to Statewide Mobility Partners, a joint venture company owned by Spanish firm Cintra and Australia's Macquarie Infrastructure Group for 75 years in exchange for a one time payment of $3.85 billion. The measure was opposed by most Democrats, who began an advertising campaign accusing Daniels of selling the road to foreign nations.[48][49] The income from the lease was used to finance a backlog of public transportation projects and create a $500 million trust fund to generate revenue for the maintenance of the highway system.[46]
Daniels' support for such controversial legislation led to a rapid drop in his approval rating; in May 2005, a poll showed an 18-point drop in support and that only 42% of Hoosiers approved of the way he was doing his job. In the following months, many of his reforms began to have a positive effect; and his ratings began to improve, and his approval rebounded.[50]
Economic development[edit]
Main article: Indiana Economic Development Corporation




Governor Daniels addresses state and federal assistance available to tornado and flood victims with then Congressman Mike Pence, FEMA Administrator R. David Paulison


When Daniels was elected, he stated his number one priority was job creation.[10] To achieve that goal, he created the public-private Indiana Economic Development Corporation (IEDC), became chairman of its board, and ordered it to “act at the speed of business, not the speed of government,” to attract new jobs. During its first year, the IEDC closed more transactions than similar efforts had during the previous two years combined. Between 2005 and 2008, 485 businesses committed to creating more than 60,000 new jobs and invest $14.5 billion into the Indiana economy. [10] By the end of the administration, IEDC claimed to have closed on almost 1,500 deals to create a projected 169,000 new jobs since 2005.[51]
During a 12-day trade mission in Asia, Daniels visited Indiana soldiers serving on the border of the Korean Demilitarized Zone. On the 56th anniversary of the start of the Korean War, he laid a bouquet of white flowers at the base of a plaque listing 900 soldiers from Indiana who died in the war. During the visit he met with Asian auto executives and successfully promoted the expansion of facilities in Indiana.[52]
In 2006, the IEDC topped its 2005 results. It landed three high-profile automotive investments from Toyota, Honda, and Cummins. In 2007, the IEDC announced its third consecutive record-breaking year for new investment and job commitments in Indiana with its largest deal being made with BP to construct $3.2 billion in facilities to assist in recovery of fuel from the Canadian tar sands.[10][46]
In March 2010, WTHR Indianapolis News published a story claiming that as of that date, up to 40% of the jobs the corporation reported to have helped create had not come to fruition. The IEDC revised the numbers in response to the report, claiming that just 13% of the job commitments they had received had not come to fruition as of 2010.[53]
Healthy Indiana Plan[edit]
In 2007, Daniels signed the Healthy Indiana Plan, which provided 132,000 uninsured Indiana workers with coverage. The program works by helping its beneficiaries purchase a private health insurance policy with a subsidy from the state. The plan promotes health screenings, early prevention services, and smoking cessation. It also provides tax credits for small businesses that create qualified wellness and Section 125 plans. The plan was paid for by an increase in the state’s tax on cigarettes and the reallocation of federal Medicaid funds through a special waiver granted by the federal government. In a September 15, 2007 Wall Street Journal column, Daniels was quoted as saying about the Healthy Indiana Plan and cigarette tax increase saying, “A consumption tax on a product you'd just as soon have less of doesn't violate the rules I learned under Ronald Reagan."[54]
The plan allows low to moderate income households where the members have no access to employer provided healthcare to apply for coverage. The fee for coverage is calculated using a formula that results in a charge between 2%–5% of a person's income. A $1,100 annual deductible is standard on all policies and allows applicants to qualify for a health savings account. The plan pays a maximum of $300,000 in annual benefits.[55]
WGU Indiana[edit]
Western Governors University of Indiana is the eighth university in Indiana and was formed with the support of Gov. Mitch Daniels in 2010.[56] The purpose of the new on-line university is to increase education opportunities for working adults across Indiana. In December 2012 WGU Indiana celebrated its 500th graduate.[57]
Property tax reform[edit]
See also: Taxation in Indiana
In 2008, Daniels proposed a property tax ceiling of one percent on residential properties, two percent for rental properties and three percent for businesses. The plan was approved by the Indiana General Assembly on March 14, 2008 and signed by Daniels on March 19, 2008. In 2008, Indiana homeowners had an average property tax cut of more than 30 percent; a total of $870 million in tax cuts. Most money collected through property taxes funds local schools and county government. To offset the loss in revenues to the municipal bodies, the state raised the sales tax from 6% to 7% effective April 1, 2008.[58]
Fearing a future government may overturn the statute enforcing property tax rate caps, Daniels and other state Republican leaders pressed for an amendment to add the new tax limits to the state constitution. The proposed amendment was placed on the 2010 General election ballot and was a major focus of Daniels' reelection campaign. In November 2010, voters elected to adopt the tax caps into the Indiana Constitution.[59]
Daniels' successes at balancing the state budget began to be recognized nationally near the end of his first term. Daniels was named on the 2008 "Public Officials of the Year" by the Governing magazine.[60] The same year, he received the 2008 Urban Innovator Award from the Manhattan Institute for his ideas for dealing with the state's fiscal and urban problems.[61]
Voter registration[edit]
Main article: Crawford v. Marion County Election Board
In the 2005 session of the General Assembly, Daniels and Republicans, with some Democratic support, successfully enacted a voter registration law that required voters to show a government issued photo ID before they could be permitted to vote. The law was the first of its kind in the United States, and many civil rights organizations, like the ACLU, opposed the bill saying it would unfairly impact minorities, poor, and elderly voters who may be unable to afford an ID or may be physically unable to apply for an ID. To partially address those concerns, the state passed another law authorizing state license branches to offer free state photo ID cards to individuals who did not already possess another type of state ID.[62]
A coalition of civil rights groups began a court challenge of the bill in Indiana state courts, and the Daniels' administration defended the government in the case. The Indiana Supreme Court ruled in favor of the state in late 2007. The petitioners appealed the bill to the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit, and that body upheld the State Supreme Court decision in the case of Crawford v. Marion County Election Board. Upon appeal the United States Supreme Court also ruled in favor of the state in April 2008, setting a legal precedent. Several other states subsequently enacted similar laws in the years following.[62]
Reelection campaign[edit]
See also: Indiana gubernatorial election, 2008




Mitch Daniels (left) talking to members of the Indiana National Guard.


Daniels entered the 2008 election year with a 51% approval rate, and 28% disapproval rate. Daniels' reelection campaign focused on the states unemployment rate, which had lowered during his time in office, the proposed property tax reform amendment, and the successful balancing of the state budget during his first term.[63]
On November 4, 2008, Daniels defeated Democratic candidate Jill Long Thompson and was elected to a second term as governor with 57.8% of votes.[64] He was reinaugurated on January 12, 2009. Washington Post blogger Chris Cillizza named the Daniels reelection campaign "The Best Gubernatorial Campaign of 2008" and noted that some Republicans were already bandying about his name for the 2012 presidential election.[65] Daniels garnered 20 percent of the African American vote and 37 percent of Latinos in his 2008 re-election campaign. He won with more votes than any candidate in the state's history.
On July 14, 2010 at the Indianapolis Museum of Art, Daniels was on hand to help announce the return of IndyCar Series chassis manufacturing to the state of Indiana.[66] Dallara Automobili will build a new technology center in Speedway, Indiana and the state of Indiana will subsidize the sale of the first 28 IndyCar chassis with a $150,000 discount.[67]
Daniels has been recognized for his commitment to fiscal discipline. He is a recent recipient of the Herman Kahn Award from the conservative think tank the Hudson Institute, of which he is a former president and CEO, and was one of the first to receive the Fiscy award for fiscal discipline.[68] A November 2010 poll gave Daniels a 75% approval rate.[69]
Second term[edit]




Governor Mitch Daniels in August 2010


Democrats won a majority in the Indiana House of Representatives in the 2006 and 2008 elections. This caused Indiana to have a divided government, with Democrats controlling the Indiana House of Representatives and the Republicans controlling the governor's office and the Indiana Senate. This also lead to a stalemate in the budget debate, which caused Mitch Daniels call a special session of the Indiana General Assembly. The state was faced with a $1 billion shortfall in revenue for the 2009–11 budget years. Daniels proposed a range of spending cuts and cost-saving measures in his budget proposal. The General Assembly approved some of his proposals, but relied heavily on the state's reserve funds to pay for the budget shortfall. Daniels signed the $27 billion two-year budget into law.
2011 legislative walkout[edit]
See also: 2011 Indiana legislative walkouts
In the 2010 mid-term elections, Republican super-majorities regained control of the House, and took control of the Senate, giving the party full control of General Assembly for the first time in Daniels' tenure as governor. The 2011 Indiana General Assembly's regular legislative session began in January and the large Republicans majorities attempted to implement a wide-ranging conservative agenda largely backed by Daniels. Most of the agenda had been "dormant" since Daniels' election due to divided control of the assembly.[70] In February, Republican legislators attempted to pass a right to work bill in the Indiana House of Representatives. The bill would have made it illegal for employees to be required to join a workers' union. Republicans argued that it would help the state attract new employers. Unable to prevent the measure from passing, Democratic legislators fled the state to deny the body quorum while several hundred protesters staged demonstrations at the capital. Minority walkouts are somewhat common in the state, occurring as recently as 2005.[71]
While Daniels supported the legislation, he believed the Republican lawmakers should drop the bill because it was not part of their election platform and deserved a period of public debate. Republicans subsequently dropped the bill, but the Democratic lawmakers still refused to return to the capital, demanding additional bills be tabled, including a bill to create a statewide school voucher program. Their refusal to return left the Indiana General Assembly unable to pass any legislation, until three of the twelve bills they objected to were dropped from the agenda on March 28. The minority subsequently returned to the statehouse to resume their duties.[71]
Daniels was interviewed in February 2011 about the similar 2011 Wisconsin budget protests in Madison. While supporting the Wisconsin Republicans, he said that in Indiana "we're not in quite the same position or advocating quite the same things they are up in Madison."[72]
Education[edit]
Following the legislative walkouts, the assembly began passing most of the agenda and Daniels signed the bills into law. Written in collaboration with Indiana Superintendent of Public Instruction Tony Bennett, a series of education reform laws made a variety of major changes to statewide public schools. A statewide school voucher program was enacted. Children in homes with an income under $41,000 could receive vouchers equal to 90% of the cost of their public school tuition and use that money to attend a private school. It provides lesser benefits to households with income over $41,000. The program will be gradually phased in over a three-year period and would be available to all state residents by 2014.[70][73][74]
Other funds were redirected to creating and expanding charter schools, and expanding college scholarship programs. The law also created a merit pay system to give better performing teachers higher wages, and gave broader authority to school superintendents to terminate the employment of teachers and restricts the collective bargaining rights of teachers.[73]
WGU Indiana was established through an executive order on June 14, 2010 by Daniels, as a partnership between the state and Western Governors University in an effort to expand access to higher education for Indiana residents and increase the percentage of the state’s adult population with education beyond high school.
Curriculum and funding[edit]
In July 2013, the Associated Press obtained emails under Indiana open record laws in which Daniels asked for assurances that a textbook, "The People's History of the United States," written by historian Howard Zinn "is not in use anywhere in Indiana." Daniels wrote in 2010, "This crap should not be accepted for any credit by the state."[75][76][77][78][79] Daniels' e-mails were addressed to Scott Jenkins, his education adviser, and David Shane, a top fundraiser and state school board member. Daniels and his aides came to agreement and the governor wrote to them, “Go for it. Disqualify propaganda ...." Part of Shane's input was that a statewide review “would force to daylight a lot of excrement.”[77] Though Teresa Lubbers, the state commissioner of higher education, was mentioned in the e-mails regarding the statewide review of courses, she later said that she "was never asked to conduct the survey of courses described in the e-mail exchanges, and that her office did not conduct such a survey".[76]
In one of the emails, Daniels expressed contempt for Zinn upon his death:

This terrible anti-American academic has finally passed away...The obits and commentaries mentioned his book, ‘A People’s History of the United States,’ is the ‘textbook of choice in high schools and colleges around the country.’ It is a truly execrable, anti-factual piece of disinformation that misstates American history on every page. Can someone assure me that it is not in use anywhere in Indiana? If it is, how do we get rid of it before more young people are force-fed a totally false version of our history?[80]

Three years later, in the wake of the revelations, 90 of Purdue's roughly 1,800 professors issued an open letter expressing their concern over Daniels' commitment to academic freedom.[81][82] Daniels responded by saying that if Zinn were alive and a member of the Purdue faculty, he would defend his free speech rights and right to publish.[83] In a letter responding to the professors, Daniels wrote, "In truth, my emails infringed on no one's academic freedom and proposed absolutely no censorship of any person or viewpoint."[75]
In a separate and unrelated round of emails composed in 2009, Indiana Education officials shared concerns with Daniels about the lobbying resources and activities of the Indiana Urban Schools Association. Daniels asked that the administration "examine cutting them out, at least of the [funding] 'surge' we are planning for the next couple yrs." The executive director of IUSA is Charles Little, an Indiana University-Purdue University Indianapolis professor of education, who had criticized him. It wasn’t immediately clear if the audit went through.[75] Daniels said he had never heard of Charles Little.[84]
Abortion[edit]
On April 27, 2011, the Indiana legislature passed a bill authored by State Rep. Eric Turner that prohibited taxpayer dollars from supporting organizations that performed abortions. The legislation also prohibited abortions for women more than 20 weeks pregnant, four weeks sooner than the previous law.[85] Although Daniels would later say he supported the bill from the outset, it was not part of his legislative agenda and he did not indicate whether he would sign or veto the law until after it passed the General Assembly.[86] Daniels signed the bill on May 10, 2011.[85]
Planned Parenthood and the ACLU subsequently brought a lawsuit against the state alleging it was being targeted unfairly, that the state law violated federal medicaid laws, and that their Fourteenth Amendment rights were violated. A May 11 ruling allowing the case to move forward, but denied the request from the petitioners to grant a temporary injunction to restore the funding;[87] however, a June 24 ruling prohibited the state from enforcing the law.[88]
Immigration[edit]
On May 10 Daniels signed into law two immigration bills; one denying in-state tuition prices to illegal immigrants and another creating fines for employers that employed illegal immigrants. Several protestors, at least five of whom were illegal immigrants, were arrested while protesting the law at the statehouse when they broke into Daniels' office after being denied a meeting. Student leaders called for their release, while some state legislators called for their deportation.[89]
State Democratic Party leaders accused Daniels and the Republicans of passing controversial legislation only to enhance Daniels' image so he could seek the presidency. Daniels, however, denied the charges, saying he would have enacted the same agenda years earlier had the then-Democratic majority permitted him to do so.[70]
Budget cuts[edit]
The state forecast continued revenue declines in 2010 that would result in a $1.7 billion budget shortfall if the state budget grew at its normal rate. Daniels submitted a two-year $27.5 billion spending plan to the General Assembly which would result in a $500 million surplus that would be used to rebuild the state reserve funds to $1 billion. He proposed a wide range of budget austerity measures, including employee furloughing, spending reductions, freezing state hiring, freezing state employee wages, and a host of administrative changes for state agencies. The state had already been gradually reducing its workforce by similar freezes, and by 2011, Indiana had the fewest state employees per capita than any other state—a figure Daniels touted to say Indiana had the nation's smallest government.[90][91]
Daniels backed the creation of additional toll roads, expanding on his 2006 overhaul of the Indiana Toll Road system (known as "Major Moves"), in an attempt to secure an additional source of revenue for the state. But opposition from within his own party led to the bill being withdrawn by its Republican sponsor, Sen. Tom Wyss, which resulted in Daniels's only significant legislative defeat during the 2011 session.[74]
The legislative walkouts delayed progress on the budget passage for nearly two months, but the House of Representatives was able to begin working on it in committee in April. The body made several alterations to the bill, including a reapportionment of education funding based more heavily on the number of students at a school, and removing some public school funding to finance the new voucher system and charter schools.[91]
Energy[edit]
Daniels announced in October 2006 that a substitute natural gas company intended to build a facility in southern Indiana that would produce pipeline quality substitute natural gas (SNG).[92] The lead investor was Leucadia National, which proposed a $2.6 billion plant in Rockport, Indiana. Under the terms of the deal endorsed by Daniels, the state would buy almost all the Rockport gas and resell it on the open market throughout the country. If the plant made money from the sale, excess profits would be split between Leucadia National's Indiana subsidiary, Indiana Gassification, and the state. If it lost money from the sale, then 100% of the losses would be passed onto Indiana consumers. Leucadia agreed to reimburse the state for any losses, up to $150 million over 30 years.[93] Gas from the plant would make up about 17 percent of the state's supply. Critics feared that if gas prices fell over the next 30 years, the costs of the lost profits would be passed onto the bills of residents once the $150 million guarantee by Leucadia was used up.[93] The deal also received criticism due to government intrusion in the energy markets.[94] Questions were also raised due to Leucadia National hiring Mark Lubbers to promote the deal. Lubbers is a former aide and close friend of Daniels.[95] The Daniels administration maintained that the plant would create jobs in an economically depressed part of the state and offer environmental benefits through an in-state energy source.[33] The project was ultimately panned by the state legislature in 2013.[96]
Right to Work[edit]
Indiana became the first state in a decade to adopt Right to Work legislation.[97] Indiana is home to many manufacturing jobs. The Indiana Economic Development Corp. has reported that 90 firms said the new law was an important factor in deciding to move to Indiana.[98] Gov. Daniels signed the legislation on Feb 1, 2012 without much fanfare in the hopes of dispersing labor protesters before the Super Bowl in Indianapolis.[99]
2012 presidential speculation[edit]
Although Daniels had claimed to be reluctant to seek higher office, many media outlets, including Politico, The Weekly Standard, Forbes, The Washington Post, CNN, The Economist, and The Indianapolis Star began to speculate that Daniels may intend to seek the Republican nomination for president in 2012 after he joined the national debate on cap and trade legislation by penning a response in The Wall Street Journal to policies espoused by the Democratic-majority Congress and the White House in August 2010.[49][100] The speculation has included Daniels' record of reforming government, reducing taxes, balancing the budget, and connecting with voters in Indiana.[101][102][103][104] Despite his signing into law of bills that toughened drug enforcement, regulated abortion, and a defense of marriage act, he has angered some conservatives because of his call for a "truce" on social issues so the party can focus on fiscal issues.[citation needed] His "willingness to consider tax increases to rectify a budget deficit" has been another source of contention.[105]
In August 2010, The Economist praised Daniels' "reverence for restraint and efficacy" and concluded that "he is, in short, just the kind of man to relish fixing a broken state—or country."[49] Nick Gillespie of Reason called Daniels "a smart and effective leader who is a serious thinker about history, politics, and policy," and wrote that "Daniels, like former New Mexico Gov. Gary Johnson, is a Republican who knows how to govern and can do it well."[106] In February 2011, David Brooks of The New York Times described Daniels as the "Party's strongest [would be] candidate", predicting that he "couldn't match Obama in grace and elegance, but he could on substance."[107]
On December 12, 2010, Daniels suggested in a local interview that he would decide on a White House run before May 2011.[108]
Different groups and individuals pressured Daniels to run for office.[109] In response to early speculation, Daniels dismissed a presidential run in June 2009, saying "I've only ever run for or held one office. It's the last one I'm going to hold."[110] However, in February 2010 he told a Washington Post reporter that he was open to the idea of running in 2012.[111]
On March 6, 2011, Daniels was the winner of an Oregon (Republican Party) straw poll. Daniels drew 29.33% of the vote, besting second place finisher Mitt Romney (22.66%) and third place finisher Sarah Palin (18.22%), and was the winner of a similar straw poll in the state of Washington.[112] On May 5, 2011, Daniels told an interviewer that he would announce "within weeks" his decision of whether or not to run for the Republican presidential nomination. He said he felt he was not prepared to debate on all the national issues, like foreign policy, and needed time to better understand the issues and put together formal positions.[113] Later in May, as the Republican field began to resolve with announcements and withdrawals of other candidates, Time said, "Even setting aside his somewhat unusual family situation, Daniels would need to hurry to put together an organization" and raise enough money if he intended to run.[114]
Daniels announced he would not seek the Republican nomination for the presidency on the night of May 21, 2011, via an email to the press, citing family constraints and the loss of privacy the family would experience should he become a candidate.[115]
2016 presidential speculation[edit]
In January 2014, the Republican National Committee sent an email to subscribers, asking them to pick their top three presidential choices. The poll included thirty two potential candidates including Daniels.[116] In March 2015, Fortune Magazine named Daniels No. 41 on its list of the world's 50 greatest leaders, generating a new round of calls for Daniels to consider his options in 2016. Daniels was the only American university president and the only national political figure (excluding Detroit Mayor Mike Duggan,) to make the global list.[117]
Purdue University[edit]




Purdue University President Mitch Daniels talks with Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack in 2014


Selection[edit]
The Purdue University Board of Trustees unanimously elected Mitch Daniels president of Purdue University on June 21, 2012. As governor, Daniels had appointed 8 of the 10 Board members and had reappointed the other two, which critics claimed was a conflict of interest. A state investigation released in October 2012 found that the circumstances did not violate the Indiana Code of Ethics.[118] Other critics of his selection pointed out that unlike previous Purdue presidents, he lacked a background in academia.[119] His term as president began upon completion of his term as governor in January 2013. In preparation for his term as President of Purdue University, Daniels stopped participating in partisan political activity during the 2012 election cycle and focused instead on issues related to higher education and fiscal matters.
In order to avoid the financial cost of a formal inauguration, Daniels instead wrote an "Open Letter to the People of Purdue" in which he documented the challenges facing higher education and outlined his initial priorities such as affordability, academic excellence and academic freedom.[120] Daniels has continued this practice, opting to send Open Letters to the Purdue community instead of giving a formal State of the University speech, as is more common in higher education.
Student interactions[edit]
Daniels works out daily at the student gym and eats frequently with students in student dining facilities.[121] In March 2013, he joined forces with a group of engineering students to create a viral music video promoting engineering and Purdue University. Within 24 hours, the video had received over 50,000 views.[122]
Purdue home football games feature a segment entitled "Where's Mitch?", in which, the stadium video board shows the camera panning the crowd and eventually finding Daniels sitting among the fans, sometimes in the student section. Former Purdue presidents rarely left their suite in the press-box structure.
Tuition freezes and cost reductions[edit]
The total cost of attending Purdue has fallen since Daniels assumed Purdue’s presidency, despite a trend at Big Ten institutions of rising costs. Total loan debt among the student body has also fallen 30% or $55 million.[123] Tuition at Purdue, prior to Daniels’ arrival had increased every year since 1976.[124] Two months after Daniels assumed his role as president, Purdue announced it would freeze tuition for two years, eventually extending the freeze for six years, through 2019. As a result, multiple graduating classes have become the first in at least 40 years to leave Purdue having never experienced a tuition increase,[125][126] in-state tuition is more than $1,000 lower than if the university had raised rates at the national average, and students and families have saved more than $226 million in educational expenses.[127]
Daniels announced the first tuition freeze before the state had determined Purdue's funding for the next biennium. Amidst questions about the timing, Daniels argued that he didn't need to wait because "it doesn't matter what the General Assembly does. This is the right thing to do and we are going to do it...the same way families do; the same way some governments do and all businesses do. We are going to adjust our spending to what we believe is the available and in this case the fair amount of revenue. I know often with good reason there has been an opportunity in higher education to adjust tuition to match what the place wanted to spend, and I just think we've reached the point where we ought to break that pattern."[128] The first tuition freeze required the university to find $40 million in savings or new revenue. In order to make up for the lost revenue from tuition freezes, Daniels and the Purdue Board of Trustees focused on finding operating efficiencies such as consolidating information technology data centers, investing cash reserves and switching to a consumer-driven health plan for employees.[129]
Daniels also reduced meal plan rates for students by 10 percent, froze housing costs and cut the university's cooperative education fees which had increased every year prior on record.[130][131] In fall 2014, Daniels announced a deal with Amazon to save students on textbooks and provide students, faculty and staff with free one day shipping to locations on campus.[132] Daniels has stated that the Amazon partnership saves students more than $550,000 a semester and has provided Purdue with $400,000 in new scholarship funds.[133]
Agenda[edit]
In September 2013, Daniels announced the major priorities of his administration, known as "Purdue Moves."[134] The plan continued Daniels’ focus on affordability but also called for new investments[135] such as the hiring of 165 new faculty in STEM disciplines, expansion of flipped classrooms, growing summer enrollment, investments in plant science and drug discovery research, and the creation of Competency-based degree[136] programs and some 3-year degree options. The Purdue Moves also emphasized commercialization of research. Under Daniels leadership, Purdue increased the number of affiliated start-up companies by more than 400 percent and broke the university record for patents.[137]
In 2015, Daniels announced plans to start the Purdue Polytechnic Indianapolis high school, designed to be a bridge for inner-city students to Purdue by admitting graduates directly to Purdue. Daniels described the high school as an attempt to increase the number of low-income, first-generation and minority students who are prepared for Purdue.[138] The high school will not open until 2017, but Purdue reported record levels of minority and underrepresented students in the Fall 2016 semester.[137]
Daniels also has emphasized free speech and inquiry by becoming the first public institution to adopt the Chicago principles for free speech and inquiry and one of roughly two dozen universities to receive the highest rating from the Foundation for Individual Rights in Education
In 2017, Daniels and the Purdue Board of Trustees announced its intention to acquire Kaplan University for the purpose of transforming it into an online Purdue program.[139]
Compensation[edit]
When Daniels was hired by Purdue he requested that his salary be less than his predecessors maximum salary and that 30 percent of his take home be based on the results of biannual performance reviews. Daniel’s base salary of $420,000 is $135,000 less than the prior president’s salary. Under the contract, his salary can grow to a maximum of $546,000 based on the results of a performance-bonus system—still less than his predecessor and the 3rd lowest in the 14-member Big Ten.[140] In November 2014, Daniels earned 88 percent of his at risk pay, receiving the grade of a B+ from the Trustees.[141]
Board service[edit]
In February 2013, Daniels was asked to co-chair a National Research Council committee to review and make recommendations on the future of the U.S. human spaceflight program. Daniels also co-chairs a Council on Foreign Relations Task Force on NonCommunicable diseases.[142] In March 2013, Daniels was elected to the board of Energy Systems Network (ESN), Indiana’s industry-driven clean technology initiative.
In June 2015, Daniels was elected to serve on the board of directors for Indiana Software company Interactive Intelligence (ININ).[143]
Electoral history[edit]
Main articles: Indiana gubernatorial election, 2004 and Indiana gubernatorial election, 2008

Indiana gubernatorial election, 2004

Party
Candidate
Votes
%
±



Republican
Mitch Daniels
1,302,912
53.2




Democratic
Joe Kernan (Incumbent)
1,113,900
45.5




Libertarian
Kenn Gividen
31,664
1.3




Indiana gubernatorial election, 2008

Party
Candidate
Votes
%
±



Republican
Mitch Daniels (Incumbent)
1,542,371
57.8




Democratic
Jill Long Thompson
1,067,863
40.1




Libertarian
Andy Horning
56,651
2.1



Authorship[edit]

Daniels, Mitch (2012), Aiming Higher: Words That Changed a State, IBJ Book Publishing, ISBN 978-1-934922-86-6 
Daniels, Mitch (2011), Keeping the Republic: Saving America by Trusting Americans, Sentinel, ISBN 978-1-59523-080-5 
Daniels, Mitch (2004), Notes from the Road: 16 months of towns, tales and tenderloins, Mitch Daniels Transition Team, ISBN 978-0-9766026-0-6 

Honors[edit]

Order of the Rising Sun, 2nd Class, Gold and Silver Star (2017)

See also[edit]


Biography portal
Conservatism portal
Indiana portal
Politics portal



List of Governors of Indiana


References[edit]


^ Vaughan, Martin A. (June 11, 2008). "States Move To Cut, Cap Property Taxes As Home Values Decline, Many Will Have to Make Up Lost Revenue by Other Means". Wall Street Journal. 
^ Leonhardt, David (January 4, 2011). "Budget Hawk Eyes Deficit". nytimes.com. 
^ Davey, Monica (February 1, 2012). "Indiana Governor Signs a Law Creating a ‘Right to Work’ State". nytimes.com. 
^ York, Byron (June 4, 2009). "Can Mitch Daniels save the GOP?". Washington Examiner. Retrieved 2013-01-18. 
^ Will, George F. (2010-02-07). "Charting a simple road to government solvency". Washington Post. Retrieved 2012-04-06. 
^ Douthat, Ross (2010-03-01). "A Republican Surprise". The New York Times. Retrieved 2010-05-12. 
^ King, Neil (2011-05-22). "Daniels Withdraws From Presidential Race". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved 2011-05-22. odyssey=tab%7Cmostpopular%7Ctext%7CFRONTPAGE
^ "Governor Fun Facts". State of Indiana. Archived from the original on 2009-01-16. Retrieved 2009-01-04. 
^ "Gov. Daniels says White House speculation reinforced Syrian roots". Archived from the original on 9 January 2013. Retrieved 5 July 2012. 
^ a b c d e f "Indiana Governor Mitch Daniels". National Governors Association. Archived from the original on September 30, 2007. Retrieved 2008-07-09. 
^ a b c d e Gugin, p. 404
^ "2009 Kahlil Gibran Gala". Arab American Institute. Archived from the original on 2010-12-02. Retrieved 2010-11-09. 
^ "Ancestry of Mitch Daniels". Wargs.com. Retrieved 2012-04-06. 
^ At Statesmen's Dinner, Republicans urged to flip Obama's slogan on its head[dead link]
^ a b c d Indianapolis Monthly. 25. April 2002. pp. 142–45. ISSN 0899-0328. 
^ "Presidential Scholars". Presidential Scholars Association. Archived from the original on 2011-03-04. Retrieved 2011-03-11. 
^ a b Schleifer, Teddy (February 24, 2011). "Daniels '71: Into the spotlight". The Daily Princetonian. Archived from the original on February 27, 2011. Retrieved 2011-02-28. 
^ "Democrats want more info on Daniels' arrest". Wthr.com. 1970-05-14. Retrieved 2012-04-06. 
^ Sullum, Jacob (2011-03-02) Mitch Daniels' Pot Luck, Reason
^ a b c d e "Mitch Daniels". IndyStar. 11 January 2005. Retrieved 2008-07-09. 
^ Daniels, Mitch, The Washington Post, August 22, 1989, accessed May 2, 2011.
^ "Public-Relations Pair to Join Lugar Staff." Indianapolis Star, 07 December, 1974, p. 26: "Daniels, 25, a CCI vice-president who worked in Lugar's office as a summer interne [sic] in 1969 and 1970…"
^ "About the Governor: Mitchell E. Daniels, Jr., Governor of Indiana". in.gov. Archived from the original on 2011-05-11. Retrieved 2011-05-05. 
^ "Twenty Largest Indiana Public Companies" (PDF). Indiana State Auditor. 1998. Retrieved 2011-04-14. 
^ a b Ferguson, Andrew (2010-06-14). "Ride Along With Mitch". The Weekly Standard. Retrieved 2011-04-14. 
^ "The Eli Lilly Years". gooznewsauthor=Kensen, Joanne. May 11, 2011. Retrieved 2012-05-12. 
^ "Mitch Daniels on Conversations with Bill Kristol". 
^ Slevin, Peter (2004-10-04). "In Indiana Race, Bush's Budget Blade Becomes 'My Man Mitch'". Washington Post. Retrieved 2008-12-28. President Bush admiringly called him "the Blade," for the gleam in his budget-cutting eye. 
^ a b "The Man Behind The Vaccine Mystery". CBS News. 2002-12-12. Retrieved 2017-05-28. 
^ "Homeland Bill Rider Aids Drugmakers". Washington Post. 2002-11-15. Retrieved 2017-05-28. 
^ a b Perelman, Michael (2005). Manufacturing Discontent. Pluto Press. pp. 113—114. ISBN 0745324061. 
^ "During Mitch Daniels’ decade at Eli Lilly, the drug giant paid billions in fines and settled thousands of lawsuits". The Center for Public Integrity. 2011-05-09. Retrieved 28 May 2017. 
^ a b Daniels, Mitchell E., Jr., "Remarks to The National Press Club", whitehouse.gov, 11/28/2001.
^ a b "Ross Douthat's Blog, 3 March 2010". The New York Times. 2010-03-03. Retrieved 2011-03-10. 
^ a b c Douthat, Ross (2010-03-01). "A Republican Surprise". New York Times. 
^ nytimes.com, 2002/12/31.
^ cnn.com, 2003/01/01.
^ Bush to Seek $75 Billion to Fight War, Terrorism, March 25, 2003, Los Angeles Times. The total request was for $75 billion but only $53 billion went to Iraq operations. "The spending measure would cover these expenses to the end of this fiscal year—Sept. 30—according to a senior administration official who briefed reporters Monday."
^ CBO Congressional Testimony, October 24, 2007, Table 2, Pg. 4, in the 2003 column
^ CBO Appropriations for Iraq and Afghanistan[dead link]
^ a b c d e f Gugin, p. 402
^ a b Gugin, p. 403
^ Stoll, Ira (2010-03-08). "Mitch Daniels on the State of the Nation". Hudson Institute. Retrieved 2010-09-16. 
^ "Wisconsins Unions Get Ugly". Wall Street Journal. April 1, 2011. Retrieved 2011-05-09. 
^ a b "State Releases Budget Numbers". Inside Indiana Business. July 15, 2005. Archived from the original on 2013-08-24. Retrieved 2011-05-13. 
^ a b c d Hemmingway, Mark (2009). "Mitch the Knife". National Review. Archived from the original on August 9, 2011. Retrieved 2011-05-08. 
^ a b c d Gugin, p. 405 Cite error: Invalid <ref> tag; name "g495" defined multiple times with different content (see the help page).
^ Mwape, James Muma (2009). Guide to Electronic Toll Payments. Xulon Press. ISBN 978-1-61579-364-8. 
^ a b c "Mitch Daniels: The right stuff". The Economist. 2010-08-19. Retrieved 2010-09-17. 
^ Gugin, p. 206
^ "Fact No. 36". Top 100 Facts about the Daniels Administration. 
^ "Governor visits Indiana troops in South Korea". Indystar.com. 25 June 2006. 
^ "Reality Check: Indiana job numbers don't add up". March 1, 2010. 
^ Barnes, Fred (September 15, 2007). "Hoosier Jump Shot". The Wall Street Journal. (Subscription required (help)). 
^ "Health Indiana Plan". HealthyIndianaPlan.org. Archived from the original on 2011-07-15. Retrieved 2011-05-11. 
^ Lederman, Doug (2010-07-14). "Indiana teams up with WGU to educate adults online". USA Today. 
^ insideindianabusiness.com Archived 2015-04-10 at the Wayback Machine..
^ "Governor Signs Property Tax Relief Bill" (PDF). IN.gov. 2010-03-19. Archived from the original (PDF) on 2011-08-10. Retrieved 2011-03-01. 
^ "Indiana Voters OK property tax cap". Indianapolis Business Journal. Associated Press. November 2, 2010. Retrieved 2011-01-03. 
^ Goodman, Josh (2008). "Public Officials of the Year". Governing magazine. Retrieved 2010-09-17. 
^ "2008 Urban Innovator Award Winner". Manhattan Institute. 2008-10-08. Archived from the original on 2010-09-11. Retrieved 2010-09-17. 
^ a b Barns, Robert (April 29, 2008). "High Court Upholds Indiana Voter Registration Law". Washington Post. Retrieved 2011-05-13. 
^ "Governor Mitch Daniels Well-Positioned Entering Election Year". Republican Governors' Association. 2010. Retrieved 2011-03-01. 
^ "Indiana – Election Results 2008 – The New York Times". Elections.nytimes.com. 2008-12-09. Retrieved 2012-04-06. 
^ Cillizza, Chris. "The Best Gubernatorial Campaign of 2008". Voices.washingtonpost.com. Retrieved 2012-04-06. 
^ Van Wyk, Rich. "Dallara picked for new IndyCar chassis". WTHR-TV. Retrieved 2010-08-02. 
^ "Dallara commits to new Speedway facility". IndyCar Series. Archived from the original on 2010-07-28. Retrieved 2010-08-02. 
^ "Award Recipients". Fiscy. Retrieved 2011-02-17. 
^ Trinko, Katrina (November 18, 2010). "Mitch Daniels’s Next Hurdle". National Review. Retrieved 2011-03-09. 
^ a b c Weidenbener, Lesley (May 1, 2011). "title unknown". Louisville Courier-Journal. pp. A1, A18. 
^ a b "Democratic lawmakers leave Indiana, block labor bill". Indianapolis Business Journal. Associated Press. February 22, 2011. Retrieved 2011-03-01. 
^ "State Budgets and Public Unions", transcript, The Diane Rehm Show, 2011-02-21. Retrieved 2011-02-22.
^ a b Allen, Kevin (April 22, 2011). "Indiana OKs Voucher program". South Bend Tribune. Archived from the original on September 27, 2011. Retrieved 2011-04-25. 
^ a b Shella, Jim (April 25, 2011). "DANIEls Chalks Up Legislative Wins". WISHTV News. Archived from the original on 2012-03-20. Retrieved 2011-04-25. 
^ a b c "Read Mitch Daniels emails about Howard Zinn", Journal & Courier, July 17, 2013.
^ a b Jaschik, Scott, "The Governor's Bad List", Inside Higher Ed, July 17, 2013.
^ a b "As governor, Mitch Daniels looked to censor academic writings and courses", Indystar.com, Jul. 16, 2013.
^ Rothschild, Matthew, "How Mitch Daniels Had It In for Howard Zinn", progressive.org, July 17, 2013.
^ "Censoring Howard Zinn: Former Indiana Gov. Tried to Remove 'A People’s History' from State Schools", DemocracyNow!, July 22, 2013. Including interviews with Anthony Arnove, co-editor with Zinn of "Voices of a People’s History of the United States," and Cornel West, professor at Union Theological Seminary and, formerly, at Princeton and Harvard. Retrieved 2013-07-22.
^ Ohlheiser, Abby. "Former Governor, Now Purdue President, Wanted Howard Zinn Banned in Schools". Atlantic Wire. Retrieved 14 August 2013. 
^ Wang, Stephanie. "Purdue faculty 'troubled' by Mitch Daniels' Howard Zinn comments". Indianapolis Star. Retrieved 14 August 2013. 
^ LoBianco, Tom (2013-07-22). "Mitch Daniels Letter: Purdue Professors Blast Former GOP Gov Over Howard Zinn Comments". Huffington Post. Retrieved 14 August 2013. 
^ Krull, John. "Daniels says issue is not freedom but Zinn's scholarship". Evansville Courier & Press. Retrieved 14 August 2013. 
^ Kehoe, Troy, "Daniels says report 'distorted' emails" Archived 2013-07-19 at the Wayback Machine., WISH-TV.com, July 17, 2013. "The former governor said he had never heard of Charles Little prior to this week..."
^ a b House Bill 1210, Indiana General Assembly 2011 Session.
^ Indiana Gov. Daniels to Sign Bill Defunding Planned Parenthood, April 29, 2011
^ Gillers, Heather (May 11, 2011). "Planned Parenthood eyes restraining order". USA Today. Retrieved 2011-05-11. 
^ Guyett, Susan (2011-06-25). "Indiana can't end Planned Parenthood funds: judge". Reuters. Retrieved 2011-08-25. 
^ Nye, Charlie (May 11, 2011). "Immigration bills signed amid arrests". IndyStar.com. Indianapolis Star. Retrieved 2011-05-11. 
^ "Ways and Means Presentation" (PDF). Governor's Office. March 2011. Retrieved 14 May 2011. 
^ a b Carden, Dan (2011-04-28). "State budget set for final vote : Elections". Nwitimes.com. Retrieved 2012-06-19. 
^ Indiana advances leadership in clean coal technology., Indiana Governor History, March 24, 2009.
^ a b Evanoff, Ted (January 2, 2011). "Daniels takes natural gas bet that others refused". Indianapolis Star. Retrieved 2012-02-15. 
^ Bradner, Eric (2010-12-16). "State, developers reach agreement on Rockport, Ind., gasification plant". Courier & Press. Retrieved 2013-04-29. 
^ Welsh, Gary (May 1, 2011). "Lubbers: Critics Of Coal Gasification Deal Are Sneaky And Evil". Advance Indiana. Retrieved 2012-02-15. 
^ Bradner, Eric (2013-04-27). "BRADNER: Rockport plant will never be". Retrieved 2013-04-29. 
^ economist.com.
^ "Indiana adopts right to work". 
^ wbez.org.
^ Daniels, Mitch (15 May 2009). "Indiana Says 'No Thanks' to Cap and Trade". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ Zickar, Lou (18 May 2009). "The innovators of today's GOP". 
^ Robinson, Peter (15 May 2009). "The Future Of The GOP". Forbes. 
^ Cillizza, Chris (12 May 2009). "Can Mitch Daniels Save the GOP?". The Washington Post. 
^ Tully, Matthew (17 May 2009). "How do Daniels' moves add up?". Archived from the original on 10 April 2015. 
^ Silver, Nate (2011-02-04) A Graphical Overview of the 2012 Republican Field, New York Times
^ Gillespie, Nick (2011-01-05) NY Times Flips its Whig Over Gov. Mitch Daniels (R-Ind.), Reason
^ Brooks, David (February 25, 2011). "Run Mitch, Run". New York Times. Retrieved 2011-03-01. 
^ ^ Mellinger, Mark (2010-12-16). "Daniels to decide on WH run before May" Archived 2010-12-17 at the Wayback Machine., WANE.com. Retrieved 2010-12-16.
^ Various (2 January 2011). "Student Initiative to Draft Daniels". 
^ "Daniels Ends 2012 Speculation". RealClearPolitics.com. 3 June 2009. Retrieved 4 June 2009. 
^ Cook, Dave (February 23, 2010). "Mitch Daniels open to presidential run, despite '100 reasons' to pass". Christian Science Monitor. Retrieved 2011-05-05. 
^ Mapes, Jeff (6 March 2011). "Indiana Gov. Mitch Daniels wins GOP presidential straw poll in Oregon". The Oregonian. Retrieved 7 March 2011. 
^ Haberman, Maggie (May 5, 2011). "Mitch Daniels". Politico. Retrieved 2011-05-06. 
^ Duffy, Michael, "Seven Days in May: How One Week Clarified the GOP Field, Time magazine, May 15, 2011. Retrieved 2011-05-16.
^ Haberman, Maggie (May 22, 2011). "Mitch Daniels won't run in 2012". Politico. Retrieved May 22, 2011. 
^ Siddiqui, Sabrina (January 10, 2014). "Republican National Committee Polls Voters On 2016 Presidential Candidates". Huffington Post. Retrieved 2014-03-18. 
^ McGregor, Jena (March 26, 2015). "World's Greatest Leader List". Washington Post. Retrieved 27 May 2015. 
^ Thomas, David O. (October 16, 2012). The Governor as Purdue University President (PDF) (Report). Retrieved 2013-01-14. 
^ Russell, John; Sabalow, Ryan; Schneider, Mary Beth; Sikich, Chris (June 20, 2012). "Gov. Mitch Daniels pick called a coup for Purdue, but qualifications questioned". The Indianapolis Star. Retrieved 2013-01-14. 
^ Daniels, Mitch. "An Open Letter to the People of Purdue". 
^ Weddle, Eric (Jan 19, 2013). "Daniels begins Purdue term with 12-hour days, fact-finding tour". Journal & Courier. Retrieved May 29, 2013. 
^ Video on YouTube.
^ "Purdue student and parent borrowing down four years running". Purdue.edu. 
^ "Declining Costs of Attendance". Purdue University. 
^ "Trustees extend tuition freeze through 2015-16 academic year". Purdue.edu/newsroom. 
^ "Purdue trustees endorse WL campus tuition freeze, 2.5 percent merit pay increase". Purdue Newsroom. May 18, 2017. 
^ "Purdue to hold tuition flat through 2018-19". Purdue Newsroom. March 20, 2017. 
^ "Purdue President Mitch Daniels on Tuition Freeze Plan". Press Conference, quote is 35 seconds in. WBAA News. March 1, 2013. 
^ Colombo, Hayleigh (May 18, 2003). "Purdue near $40M target; less than 3 months after tuition freeze news". Journal & Courier. 
^ Colombo, Hayleigh (May 22, 2013). "Silence golden in vote on Purdue tuition freeze". Journal & Courier. Factoring in a 5 percent meal plan reduction and a more than 50 percent cut in Purdue’s co-op fee, Purdue estimates more than 10,000 students and families will save about $3.5 million total. 
^ "The Value of a Purdue Education". Purdue.edu/PurdueMoves. 
^ "Purdue, Amazon to offer students savings on textbooks, provide first-ever on-campus pickup services". Purdue Newsroom. August 13, 2014. 
^ "Keeping the doors of higher education wide open". purdue.edu. 
^ "Daniels provides additional details on Purdue campus initiatives". Purdue News. Sep 9, 2013. 
^ "Higher Education at the Highest Proven Value". http://www.purdue.edu/purduemoves/.  External link in |website= (help); Missing or empty |url= (help)
^ "Daniels awards prize for competency-based degree to Purdue Polytechnic Institute". Purdue Newsroom. September 4, 2014. 
^ a b "'Year of records' continues at Purdue". Purdue Newsroom. September 14, 2015. 
^ "Purdue Polytechnic High School to provide STEM pipeline". Purdue Newsroom. June 18, 2015. 
^ "Purdue to acquire Kaplan University, increase access for millions". Purdue Newsroom. April 27, 2017. 
^ "Purdue trims president's pay, breaks new ground for executive compensation", Purdue News, December 15, 2012.
^ Tyner, Brittany (November 5, 2014). "Daniels awarded $111K in at-risk pay". WLFI.com. 
^ "Independent Task Force on Noncommunicable Diseases". Council on Foreign Relations. February 2014. Archived from the original on 2015-02-13. 
^ "Interactive Intelligence Elects Mitch Daniels to Board of Directors (NASDAQ:ININ)". 



Gugin, Linda C.; St. Clair, James E, eds. (2006). The Governors of Indiana. Indianapolis, Indiana: Indiana Historical Society Press. ISBN 0-87195-196-7. 

External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Mitch Daniels.





Wikiquote has quotations related to: Mitch Daniels



Purdue University President Mitch Daniels Purdue University site
Appearances on C-SPAN



Political offices


Preceded by
Jack Lew
Director of the Office of Management and Budget
2001–2003
Succeeded by
Joshua Bolten


Preceded by
Joe Kernan
Governor of Indiana
2005–2013
Succeeded by
Mike Pence


Party political offices


Preceded by
David McIntosh
Republican nominee for Governor of Indiana
2004, 2008
Succeeded by
Mike Pence


Preceded by
Paul Ryan
Response to the State of the Union address
2012
Succeeded by
Marco Rubio


Academic offices


Preceded by
Timothy Sands
Acting
President of the Purdue University System
2013–present
Incumbent








v
t
e


Directors of the United States Office of Management and Budget






Dawes
Lord
Roop
Douglas
D. W. Bell
Smith
Webb
Pace
Lawton
Dodge
Hughes
Brundage
Stans
D. E. Bell
Gordon
Schultze
Zwick
Mayo
Shultz
Weinberger
Ash
Lynn
Lance
McIntyre
Stockman
Miller
Wright
Darman
Panetta
Rivlin
Raines
Lew
Daniels
Bolten
Portman
Nussle
Orszag
Lew
Burwell
Donovan
Mulvaney















v
t
e


Cabinet of President George W. Bush (2001–09)








Cabinet



Secretary of State



Colin Powell (2001–05)
Condoleezza Rice (2005–09)








Secretary of the Treasury



Paul H. O'Neill (2001–02)
John W. Snow (2003–06)
Henry Paulson (2006–09)





Secretary of Defense



Donald Rumsfeld (2001–06)
Robert Gates (2006–09)





Attorney General



John Ashcroft (2001–05)
Alberto Gonzales (2005–07)
Michael Mukasey (2007–09)





Secretary of the Interior



Gale Norton (2001–06)
Dirk Kempthorne (2006–09)





Secretary of Agriculture



Ann Veneman (2001–05)
Mike Johanns (2005–07)
Ed Schafer (2008–09)





Secretary of Commerce



Donald Evans (2001–05)
Carlos Gutierrez (2005–09)





Secretary of Labor



Elaine Chao (2001–09)





Secretary of Health and
Human Services



Tommy Thompson (2001–05)
Mike Leavitt (2005–09)





Secretary of Housing and
Urban Development



Mel Martinez (2001–03)
Alphonso Jackson (2003–08)
Steve Preston (2008–09)





Secretary of Transportation



Norman Mineta (2001–06)
Mary E. Peters (2006–09)





Secretary of Energy



Spencer Abraham (2001–05)
Samuel Bodman (2005–09)





Secretary of Education



Rod Paige (2001–05)
Margaret Spellings (2005–09)





Secretary of Veterans Affairs



Anthony Principi (2001–05)
Jim Nicholson (2005–07)
James Peake (2007–09)





Secretary of Homeland Security



Tom Ridge (2003–05)
Michael Chertoff (2005–09)













Cabinet-level



Vice President



Dick Cheney (2001–09)





White House Chief of Staff



Andrew Card (2001–06)
Joshua Bolten (2006–09)





Administrator of the
Environmental Protection Agency



Christine Todd Whitman (2001–03)
Mike Leavitt (2003–05)
Stephen L. Johnson (2005–09)





Director of the Office of
Management and Budget



Mitch Daniels (2001–03)
Joshua Bolten (2003–06)
Rob Portman (2006–07)
Jim Nussle (2007–09)





Director of National Drug
Control Policy



John P. Walters (2001–09)





Trade Representative



Robert Zoellick (2001–05)
Rob Portman (2005–06)
Susan Schwab (2006–09)















v
t
e


Presidents of Purdue University






Richard Owen (1872)
Abraham C. Shortridge (1874)
John S. Hougham # (1876)
Emerson E. White (1876)
James H. Smart (1883)
Winthrop E. Stone (1900)
Henry W. Marshall # (1921)
Edward C. Elliott (1922)
Andrey A. Potter # (1945)
Frederick L. Hovde (1946)
Arthur G. Hansen (1971)
John W. Hicks # (1982)
Steven C. Beering (1983)
Martin C. Jischke (2000)
France A. Córdova (2007)
Timothy Sands # (2012)
Mitch Daniels (2013)

Pound sign (#) denotes an acting or interim president











v
t
e


Governors of Indiana



Territorial (1800–16)



Harrison
Gibson (acting)
Posey








State (since 1816)



Jennings
Boon
W. Hendricks
Ray
Noble
Wallace
Bigger
J. Whitcomb
Dunning
Wright
Willard
Hammond
Lane
Morton
Baker
T. Hendricks
Williams
Gray
Porter
Gray
Hovey
Chase
Matthews
Mount
Durbin
Hanly
Marshall
Ralston
Goodrich
McCray
Branch
Jackson
Leslie
McNutt
Townsend
Schricker
Gates
Schricker
Craig
Handley
Welsh
Branigin
E. Whitcomb
Bowen
Orr
Bayh
O'Bannon
Kernan
Daniels
Pence
Holcomb







See also: Governor of Indiana








Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 53799327
LCCN: no2001039207










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Mitch_Daniels&oldid=789988566"					
Categories: Presidents of Purdue University1949 birthsAmerican people of English descentAmerican people of Levantine-Eastern Orthodox Christian descentAmerican people of Scottish descentAmerican people of Syrian descentAmerican politicians of Syrian descentCritics of ScientologyDirectors of the Office of Management and BudgetEli Lilly and CompanyGeorge W. Bush administration cabinet members21st-century American politiciansGeorgetown University Law Center alumniGovernors of IndianaIndiana RepublicansLiving peopleMiddle Eastern ChristiansPeople of Syrian descentOverseas Private Investment Corporation officialsPeople from Washington County, PennsylvaniaPoliticians from IndianapolisRepublican Party state governors of the United StatesWoodrow Wilson School of Public and International Affairs alumniHidden categories: Pages with reference errorsAll articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from December 2011Articles with dead external links from March 2017Pages with duplicate reference namesPages containing links to subscription-only contentWebarchive template wayback linksCS1 errors: external linksPages using web citations with no URLGood articlesAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from May 2011Wikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquote 



Languages


العربيةБългарскиCatalàDanskDeutschEspañolفارسیFrançaisNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsРусскийSimple EnglishSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиSuomiSvenskaУкраїнськаTiếng Việt中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 10 July 2017, at 21:57.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Mitch Daniels - Wikipedia






















 







Mitch Daniels

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Mitch Daniels








President of the Purdue University System



Incumbent



Assumed office
January 14, 2013


Preceded by
Timothy Sands (Acting)


49th Governor of Indiana


In office
January 10, 2005 – January 14, 2013


Lieutenant
Becky Skillman


Preceded by
Joe Kernan


Succeeded by
Mike Pence


Director of the Office of Management and Budget


In office
January 20, 2001 – June 6, 2003


President
George W. Bush


Preceded by
Jack Lew


Succeeded by
Joshua Bolten





Personal details


Born
Mitchell Elias Daniels Jr
(1949-04-07) April 7, 1949 (age 68)
Monongahela, Pennsylvania, U.S.


Political party
Republican


Spouse(s)
Cheri Herman (1978–1993; 1997–present)


Education
Princeton University (A.B.)
Georgetown University (J.D.)


Signature



Website
Purdue University website
Government website


Mitchell Elias "Mitch" Daniels Jr. (born April 7, 1949) is an American academic administrator, businessman, author, and retired politician who served as the 49th Governor of Indiana from 2005 to 2013. He is a member of the Republican Party. Since 2013, Daniels has been president of Purdue University.
Born in Monongahela, Pennsylvania, Daniels is a graduate of Princeton University, and received his Juris Doctor from Georgetown University Law Center after studying briefly at the Indiana University Robert H. McKinney School of Law. Daniels began his career working as an assistant to Richard Lugar, working as his chief of staff in the Senate from 1977 to 1982, and was appointed executive director of the National Republican Senatorial Committee when Lugar was chairman from 1983 to 1984. He worked as a chief political adviser and as a liaison to President Ronald Reagan in 1985, before he was appointed president of the conservative think tank, the Hudson Institute. Daniels moved back to Indiana, joining Eli Lilly and Company, working as president of North American Pharmaceutical Operations from 1993 to 1997, and senior vice president of corporate strategy and policy from 1997 to 2001. In January 2001, Daniels was appointed by President George W. Bush as the director of the U.S. Office of Management and Budget, where he served until June 2003.
Daniels announced his intention to run in Indiana's 2004 gubernatorial election after leaving the Bush administration. He won the Republican primary with 67% of the vote, and defeated Democratic incumbent Governor Joe Kernan in the general election. Daniels was reelected to a second term, defeating former U.S. Representative and US Department of Agriculture undersecretary Jill Long Thompson, on November 4, 2008. During his tenure as governor, Daniels cut the state government workforce by 18%, cut and capped state property taxes, and balanced the state budget through budget austerity measures and increasing spending by less than the inflation rate.[1][2] In his second term, Daniels saw protest by labor unions and Democrats in the state legislature over his policies regarding Indiana's school voucher program and the Indiana House of Representatives attempt to pass right to work legislation, leading to the 2011 Indiana legislative walkouts. During the legislature's last session under Daniels, he signed the right-to-work law; with Indiana becoming the 23rd state in the nation to do so.[3]
It was widely speculated that Daniels would be a candidate in the 2012 presidential election,[4][5][6] but he chose not to run.[7] He is the author of the best selling book Keeping the Republic: Saving America by Trusting Americans. Daniels was selected to be president of Purdue University after his term as governor ended on January 14, 2013.



Contents


1 Early life

1.1 Family and education
1.2 Early political career
1.3 Eli Lilly


2 Office of Management and Budget
3 Governor

3.1 Election campaign
3.2 First term

3.2.1 Budgetary measures
3.2.2 Daylight Saving Time
3.2.3 Highways
3.2.4 Economic development
3.2.5 Healthy Indiana Plan
3.2.6 WGU Indiana
3.2.7 Property tax reform
3.2.8 Voter registration


3.3 Reelection campaign
3.4 Second term

3.4.1 2011 legislative walkout
3.4.2 Education

3.4.2.1 Curriculum and funding


3.4.3 Abortion
3.4.4 Immigration
3.4.5 Budget cuts
3.4.6 Energy
3.4.7 Right to Work




4 2012 presidential speculation
5 2016 presidential speculation
6 Purdue University

6.1 Selection
6.2 Student interactions
6.3 Tuition freezes and cost reductions
6.4 Agenda
6.5 Compensation


7 Board service
8 Electoral history
9 Authorship
10 Honors
11 See also
12 References
13 External links



Early life[edit]
Family and education[edit]
Mitchell Elias Daniels, Jr., was born on April 7, 1949 in Monongahela, Pennsylvania, the son of Dorothy Mae (née Wilkes) and Mitchell Elias Daniels, Sr.[8] His father's parents were immigrants from Syria, of Antiochian Greek Orthodox descent.[9] Daniels has been honored by the Arab-American Institute with the 2011 Najeeb Halaby Award for Public Service.[10][11][12] His mother's ancestry was mostly English (where three of his great-grandparents were born).[13] Daniels spent his early childhood years in Pennsylvania, Tennessee,[14] and Georgia.
The Daniels family moved to Indiana from Pennsylvania in 1959 when his father accepted a job at the Indianapolis headquarters of the pharmaceutical company Pittman-Moore. Then 11-year-old Daniels was accustomed to the mountains, and he at first disliked the flatland of central Indiana. He was still in grade school at the time of the move and first attended Delaware Trail Elementary, Westlane Junior High School, and North Central High School. In high school he was student body president.[15] After graduation in 1967, Daniels was named one of Indiana's Presidential Scholars—the state's top male high school graduate that year—by President Lyndon B. Johnson.[16]
In 1971, Daniels earned a Bachelor's degree from the Woodrow Wilson School of Public and International Affairs at Princeton University. While there, he was a member of the American Whig–Cliosophic Society, where he overlapped with future Supreme Court Justice Samuel Alito, who was a year below. He initially studied law at the Indiana McKinney School of Law in Indianapolis. After accepting a job with newly elected Senator Richard Lugar, he transferred to the Georgetown University Law Center, from which he earned a Juris Doctor.[11]
In 1970, while an undergraduate student at Princeton, a grand jury indicted Daniels for marijuana possession and for maintaining a common nuisance.[17] The charges were eventually dropped and Daniels pleaded guilty to "a disorderly person charge" based on a confession that he had used marijuana. He spent two nights in jail and paid a $350 fine.[18] According to Daniels' roommate at the time, police obtained a warrant to search the room based on the activity of another student who used to live in the room. The roommate told the Daily Princetonian that "Unbeknownst to [Daniels and the other current roommates] … [the former roommate] was coming back there and using the room when we're not there and was involved with drugs much worse than pot."[17] Daniels told The Daily Princetonian in 2011 that "justice was served,"[19] and has disclosed the arrest on job applications, and spoken about the incident in columns in The Indianapolis Star[20] and The Washington Post.[21]
In February 2013, Princeton honored Daniels with the Woodrow Wilson Award, which recognizes an alumnus whose career embodies the call to duty in Wilson's famous speech, "Princeton in the Nation's Service." The award was presented during Alumni Day activities on February 23, 2013.
Early political career[edit]
Daniels had his first experience in politics while still a teenager when, in 1968, he worked on the unsuccessful campaign of fellow Hoosier and Princeton alumnus William Ruckelshaus, who was running for the U.S. Senate against incumbent Democrat Birch Bayh.[15] After the campaign Ruckelshaus helped Daniels secure an internship in the office of then-Indianapolis mayor Richard Lugar. Daniels worked on Lugar's re-election campaign in 1971, and later, in 1974, he worked on Lugar's first campaign for Senate via L. Keith Bulen's Campaign Communicators, Inc, a political consultancy where Daniels served as vice president. Daniels joined Lugar's mayoral staff in December, 1974.[22] Within three years, he became Lugar's principal assistant. After Lugar was elected to the U.S. Senate in 1976, Daniels followed him to Washington, D.C. as his Chief of Staff.[20]
Daniels served as Chief of Staff during Lugar's first term (1977–82); and, during this time, he met Cheri Herman, who was working for the National Park Service. The two married in 1978 and had four daughters. They divorced in 1993 and Cheri married again; Cheri later divorced her second husband and remarried Daniels in 1997.[11]
In 1983, when Lugar was elected chairman of the National Republican Senatorial Committee, Daniels was appointed its executive director. Serving in that position (1983–84), he played a major role in keeping the GOP in control of the Senate. Daniels was also manager of three successful re-election campaigns for Lugar. In August 1985, Daniels became chief political advisor and liaison to President Ronald Reagan.[20]
In 1987, Daniels returned to Indiana as president and CEO of the Hudson Institute, a conservative think tank.[11][23] In 1988, Dan Quayle was elected Vice President of the United States, and Governor of Indiana Robert D. Orr offered to appoint Daniels to Quayle's vacant Senate seat. Daniels declined the offer, saying it would force him to spend too much time away from his family.[15]
Eli Lilly[edit]
In 1990, Daniels left the Hudson Institute to accept a position at Eli Lilly and Company, the largest corporation headquartered in Indiana at that time.[24] He was first promoted to President of North American Operations (1993–97) and then to Senior Vice President for Corporate Strategy and Policy (1997–2001).[10][11][20] During his time at Lilly, Daniels managed a successful strategy to deflect attacks on Lilly's Prozac product by a public relations campaign against the drug being waged by the Church of Scientology. In one interview in 1992, Daniels said of the organization that "it is no church," and that people on Prozac were less likely to become victims of the organization. The Church of Scientology responded by suing Daniels in a libel suit for $20 million. A judge dismissed the case.[25]
Eli Lilly experienced dramatic growth during Daniels' tenure at the company. Prozac sales made up 30–40% of Lilly's income during the mid-to-late 1990s, and Lilly doubled its assets to $12.8 billion and doubled its revenue to $10 billion during the same period. When Daniels later became Governor of Indiana, he drew heavily on his former Lilly colleagues to serve as advisers and agency managers.[26]
During the same period, Daniels also served on the board of directors of the Indianapolis Power & Light (IPL). He resigned from the IPL Board in 2001 to join the federal government, and sold his IPL stock for $1.45 million. Later that year the value declined when Virginia-based AES Corporation bought IPL.[10] The Indiana Securities Division subsequently investigated the sale and found no wrongdoing, but opponents brought up the sale and questioned it during his later election campaign.[25]
Daniels has said his time in the private sector at Eli Lilly was the experience that most helped him to serve as an effective governor. "I probably learned more there," Daniels said in 2015. "I’ll say this, I’ve enjoyed each opportunity, but frequently I was asked later, 'What previous experiences helped most to be an effective governor?,' that sort of thing. People would always expect me to name something from public life, but probably the experience in business, trying to manage for results, trying to get large numbers of people aligned and headed in a common direction, these were probably the most valuable days I spent." [27]
Office of Management and Budget[edit]
In January 2001, Daniels accepted President George W. Bush's invitation to serve as director of the Office of Management and Budget (OMB). He served as Director from January 2001 through June 2003. In this role he was also a member of the National Security Council and the Homeland Security Council.
During his time as the director of the OMB, Bush referred to him as "the Blade," for his noted acumen at budget cutting.[28] The $2.13 trillion budget Daniels submitted to Congress in 2001 would have made deep cuts in many agencies to accommodate the tax cuts being made, but few of the spending cuts were actually approved by Congress.[15] During Daniels' 29-month tenure in the position, the projected federal budget surplus of $236 billion declined to a $400 billion deficit, due to an economic downturn, and failure to enact spending cuts to offset the tax reductions.[20]
Following the September 11, 2001 attacks, Congress passed legislation authorizing the creation of the Department of Homeland Security. Just before the legislation was signed by Bush, Republican lawmakers inserted language into the bill that authorized protection from liability corporations that manufactured thimerosal, a controversial vaccine preservative that has been the subject of multiple lawsuits.[29] Eli Lilly was once the largest maker of thimerosal and is a major target of the lawsuits.[30] Daniels was the budget director at the time of the bill's passing and some [31][32][29] have raised concerns over potential conflicts of interest. Congress repealed the thimerosal provision following expressions of public displeasure.[31]
Shortly after the invasion of Afghanistan, Daniels gave a speech to the National Press Club in which he challenged the view of those who wanted to continue typical spending while the nation was at war. “The idea of reallocating assets from less important to more important things, especially in a time of genuine emergency, makes common sense and is applied everywhere else in life,” he said.[33]
Conservative columnist Ross Douthat stated in a column about Daniels time at OMB that Daniels "carried water, as director of the Office of Management and Budget, for some of the Bush administration’s more egregious budgets."[34] But Douthat, while calling Daniels “America’s Best Governor,” defended Daniels against accusations that Daniels inaccurately assessed the costs of the Iraq war.[35]
In the final days of 2002, when an invasion of Iraq was still a hypothetical question, Daniels told the New York Times that the cost of war with Iraq “could be” in the range of $50 to $60 billion. It was not clear whether Daniels was referring to the cost of a short invasion or a longer war, but he did indicate the administration was budgeting for both. He also described the “back-of-the-envelope” estimate by Bush Economic Advisor Lawrence B. Lindsey that it would cost $100 to $200 billion as much too high.[36] Two days later, after the New Years Holiday, an OMB spokesperson clarified Daniels’ remarks, adding that the $50 to $60 billion figure was not a hard White House estimate and “it is impossible to know what any military campaign would ultimately cost. The only cost estimate we know of in this arena is the Persian Gulf War and that was a $60 billion event".[37]
Three months later, on March 25, 2003, five days after the start of the invasion, President Bush requested $53 billion through an emergency supplemental appropriation to cover operational expenses in Iraq until September 30 of that year.[38] According to the Congressional Budget Office, Military operations in Iraq for 2003 cost $46 Billion, less than the amount projected by Daniels and OMB.[39] Douthat and other Daniel’s defenders accuse Daniels' critics of mischaracterizing the six-month supplemental appropriation as a request to fund the entire war.[34][35]
Between September 2001 and October 2012, lawmakers appropriated about $1.4 trillion for operations in both the war in Iraq and Afghanistan.[40]
Governor[edit]
Election campaign[edit]
Main article: Indiana gubernatorial election, 2004
Daniels' decision to run for Governor of Indiana led to most of the rest of Republican field of candidates to drop out of the race. The only challenger who did not do so was conservative activist and lobbyist Eric Miller. Miller worked for the Phoenix Group, a Christian rights defense group. Daniels' campaign platform centered on cutting the state budget and privatizing public agencies. He won the primary with 67% of the vote.[41]
While campaigning in the general election, Daniels visited all 92 counties at least three times. He traveled in a donated white RV nicknamed "RV-1" and covered with signatures of supporters and his campaign slogan, "My Man Mitch."[42] "My Man Mitch" was a reference to a phrase once used by President George W. Bush to refer to Daniels. Bush campaigned with Daniels on two occasions, as Daniels hoped that Bush's popularity would help him secure a win. In his many public stops, he frequently used the phrase "every garden needs weeding every sixteen years or so"; it had been 16 years since Indiana had had a Republican governor.[41] His opponent in the general election was the incumbent, Joe Kernan, who had succeeded to the office upon the death of Frank O'Bannon. Campaign ads by Kernan and the Democratic Party attempted to tie Daniels to number of issues—his jail time for marijuana use; a stock sale leading to speculations of insider trading; and, because of his role at Eli Lilly, the high cost of prescription drugs.[42] The 2004 election was the costliest in Indiana history, up until that time, with the candidates spending a combined US$23 million.[41] Daniels won the election, garnering about 53% of the vote compared to Kernan's 46%.[41] Kernan was the first incumbent governor to lose an election in Indiana since 1892.[41]
First term[edit]




Mitch Daniels visits Camp Arifjan in Kuwait


On his first day in office, Daniels created Indiana's first Office of Management and Budget to look for inefficiencies and cost savings throughout state government. The same day, he decertified all government employee unions by executive order, removing the requirement that state employees pay union dues by rescinding a mandate created by Governor Evan Bayh in a 1989 executive order. Dues-paying union membership subsequently dropped 90% among state employees.[43][44]
Budgetary measures[edit]
In his first State of the State address on January 18, 2005, Daniels put forward his agenda to improve the State's fiscal situation. Indiana has a biennial budget, and had a projected two-year deficit of $800 million. Daniels called for strict controls on all spending increases, and reducing the annual growth rate of the budget. He also proposed a one-year 1% tax increase on all individuals and entities earning over $100,000. The taxing proposal was controversial and the Republican Speaker of the House, Brian Bosma, criticized Daniels and refused to allow the proposal to be debated.[41][45]
The General Assembly approved $250 million in spending cuts and Daniels renegotiated 30 different state contracts for a savings of $190 million, resulting in a budget of $23 billion. Annual spending growth for future budgets was cut to 2.8% from the 5.9% that had been standard for many years.[45][46] Increase in revenues, coupled with the spending reductions, led to a $300 million budget surplus. Indiana is not permitted to take loans, as borrowing was prohibited in its constitution following the 1837 state bankruptcy. The state, therefore, had financed its deficit spending by reallocating $760 million in revenue that belonged to local government and school districts over the course of many years. The funds were gradually and fully restored to the municipal governments using the surplus money, and the state reserve fund was grown to $1.3 billion.[46]
Two of Daniels' other tax proposals were approved: a tax on liquor and beverages to fund the construction of the Lucas Oil Stadium and a tax on rental cars to expand the Indiana Convention Center. The new source of funding resulted in a state take-over of a project initially started by the City of Indianapolis and led to a bitter feud between Daniels and the city leadership over who should have ownership of the project. The state ultimately won and took ownership of the facilities from the city.[47]
In 2006, Daniels continued his effort to reduce state operating costs by signing into law a bill privatizing the enrollment service for the state's welfare programs. Indiana's welfare enrollment facilities were replaced with call centers operated by IBM. In mid-2009, after complaints of poor service, Daniels canceled the contract and returned the enrollment service to the public sector.[35]
Daylight Saving Time[edit]
One of the most controversial measures Daniels successfully pushed through was the state adoption of Daylight Saving Time, which Daniels argued would save the state money on energy costs.[47] Although the state is in the Eastern Time Zone, Indiana's counties had adopted their own time zone practices, and in practice the state effectively observed two different times, and the central part of the state maintained a single time—Eastern Standard—year round.[47] Interests for both EST and CST time zones had prevented the official adoption of daylight saving since the 1930s, and had led to decades of debate. Daniels pressed for the entire state to switch to Central Time, but the General Assembly could not come to terms. Ultimately after a long debate, they adopted Eastern Daylight Saving Time in April 2005, the measure passing by one vote, putting all but northwestern and southwestern Indiana on the same time for the first time.[47]
Highways[edit]
A controversial plan, known as the Major Moves plan, was passed in 2006. The Indiana Toll Road was leased to Statewide Mobility Partners, a joint venture company owned by Spanish firm Cintra and Australia's Macquarie Infrastructure Group for 75 years in exchange for a one time payment of $3.85 billion. The measure was opposed by most Democrats, who began an advertising campaign accusing Daniels of selling the road to foreign nations.[48][49] The income from the lease was used to finance a backlog of public transportation projects and create a $500 million trust fund to generate revenue for the maintenance of the highway system.[46]
Daniels' support for such controversial legislation led to a rapid drop in his approval rating; in May 2005, a poll showed an 18-point drop in support and that only 42% of Hoosiers approved of the way he was doing his job. In the following months, many of his reforms began to have a positive effect; and his ratings began to improve, and his approval rebounded.[50]
Economic development[edit]
Main article: Indiana Economic Development Corporation




Governor Daniels addresses state and federal assistance available to tornado and flood victims with then Congressman Mike Pence, FEMA Administrator R. David Paulison


When Daniels was elected, he stated his number one priority was job creation.[10] To achieve that goal, he created the public-private Indiana Economic Development Corporation (IEDC), became chairman of its board, and ordered it to “act at the speed of business, not the speed of government,” to attract new jobs. During its first year, the IEDC closed more transactions than similar efforts had during the previous two years combined. Between 2005 and 2008, 485 businesses committed to creating more than 60,000 new jobs and invest $14.5 billion into the Indiana economy. [10] By the end of the administration, IEDC claimed to have closed on almost 1,500 deals to create a projected 169,000 new jobs since 2005.[51]
During a 12-day trade mission in Asia, Daniels visited Indiana soldiers serving on the border of the Korean Demilitarized Zone. On the 56th anniversary of the start of the Korean War, he laid a bouquet of white flowers at the base of a plaque listing 900 soldiers from Indiana who died in the war. During the visit he met with Asian auto executives and successfully promoted the expansion of facilities in Indiana.[52]
In 2006, the IEDC topped its 2005 results. It landed three high-profile automotive investments from Toyota, Honda, and Cummins. In 2007, the IEDC announced its third consecutive record-breaking year for new investment and job commitments in Indiana with its largest deal being made with BP to construct $3.2 billion in facilities to assist in recovery of fuel from the Canadian tar sands.[10][46]
In March 2010, WTHR Indianapolis News published a story claiming that as of that date, up to 40% of the jobs the corporation reported to have helped create had not come to fruition. The IEDC revised the numbers in response to the report, claiming that just 13% of the job commitments they had received had not come to fruition as of 2010.[53]
Healthy Indiana Plan[edit]
In 2007, Daniels signed the Healthy Indiana Plan, which provided 132,000 uninsured Indiana workers with coverage. The program works by helping its beneficiaries purchase a private health insurance policy with a subsidy from the state. The plan promotes health screenings, early prevention services, and smoking cessation. It also provides tax credits for small businesses that create qualified wellness and Section 125 plans. The plan was paid for by an increase in the state’s tax on cigarettes and the reallocation of federal Medicaid funds through a special waiver granted by the federal government. In a September 15, 2007 Wall Street Journal column, Daniels was quoted as saying about the Healthy Indiana Plan and cigarette tax increase saying, “A consumption tax on a product you'd just as soon have less of doesn't violate the rules I learned under Ronald Reagan."[54]
The plan allows low to moderate income households where the members have no access to employer provided healthcare to apply for coverage. The fee for coverage is calculated using a formula that results in a charge between 2%–5% of a person's income. A $1,100 annual deductible is standard on all policies and allows applicants to qualify for a health savings account. The plan pays a maximum of $300,000 in annual benefits.[55]
WGU Indiana[edit]
Western Governors University of Indiana is the eighth university in Indiana and was formed with the support of Gov. Mitch Daniels in 2010.[56] The purpose of the new on-line university is to increase education opportunities for working adults across Indiana. In December 2012 WGU Indiana celebrated its 500th graduate.[57]
Property tax reform[edit]
See also: Taxation in Indiana
In 2008, Daniels proposed a property tax ceiling of one percent on residential properties, two percent for rental properties and three percent for businesses. The plan was approved by the Indiana General Assembly on March 14, 2008 and signed by Daniels on March 19, 2008. In 2008, Indiana homeowners had an average property tax cut of more than 30 percent; a total of $870 million in tax cuts. Most money collected through property taxes funds local schools and county government. To offset the loss in revenues to the municipal bodies, the state raised the sales tax from 6% to 7% effective April 1, 2008.[58]
Fearing a future government may overturn the statute enforcing property tax rate caps, Daniels and other state Republican leaders pressed for an amendment to add the new tax limits to the state constitution. The proposed amendment was placed on the 2010 General election ballot and was a major focus of Daniels' reelection campaign. In November 2010, voters elected to adopt the tax caps into the Indiana Constitution.[59]
Daniels' successes at balancing the state budget began to be recognized nationally near the end of his first term. Daniels was named on the 2008 "Public Officials of the Year" by the Governing magazine.[60] The same year, he received the 2008 Urban Innovator Award from the Manhattan Institute for his ideas for dealing with the state's fiscal and urban problems.[61]
Voter registration[edit]
Main article: Crawford v. Marion County Election Board
In the 2005 session of the General Assembly, Daniels and Republicans, with some Democratic support, successfully enacted a voter registration law that required voters to show a government issued photo ID before they could be permitted to vote. The law was the first of its kind in the United States, and many civil rights organizations, like the ACLU, opposed the bill saying it would unfairly impact minorities, poor, and elderly voters who may be unable to afford an ID or may be physically unable to apply for an ID. To partially address those concerns, the state passed another law authorizing state license branches to offer free state photo ID cards to individuals who did not already possess another type of state ID.[62]
A coalition of civil rights groups began a court challenge of the bill in Indiana state courts, and the Daniels' administration defended the government in the case. The Indiana Supreme Court ruled in favor of the state in late 2007. The petitioners appealed the bill to the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit, and that body upheld the State Supreme Court decision in the case of Crawford v. Marion County Election Board. Upon appeal the United States Supreme Court also ruled in favor of the state in April 2008, setting a legal precedent. Several other states subsequently enacted similar laws in the years following.[62]
Reelection campaign[edit]
See also: Indiana gubernatorial election, 2008




Mitch Daniels (left) talking to members of the Indiana National Guard.


Daniels entered the 2008 election year with a 51% approval rate, and 28% disapproval rate. Daniels' reelection campaign focused on the states unemployment rate, which had lowered during his time in office, the proposed property tax reform amendment, and the successful balancing of the state budget during his first term.[63]
On November 4, 2008, Daniels defeated Democratic candidate Jill Long Thompson and was elected to a second term as governor with 57.8% of votes.[64] He was reinaugurated on January 12, 2009. Washington Post blogger Chris Cillizza named the Daniels reelection campaign "The Best Gubernatorial Campaign of 2008" and noted that some Republicans were already bandying about his name for the 2012 presidential election.[65] Daniels garnered 20 percent of the African American vote and 37 percent of Latinos in his 2008 re-election campaign. He won with more votes than any candidate in the state's history.
On July 14, 2010 at the Indianapolis Museum of Art, Daniels was on hand to help announce the return of IndyCar Series chassis manufacturing to the state of Indiana.[66] Dallara Automobili will build a new technology center in Speedway, Indiana and the state of Indiana will subsidize the sale of the first 28 IndyCar chassis with a $150,000 discount.[67]
Daniels has been recognized for his commitment to fiscal discipline. He is a recent recipient of the Herman Kahn Award from the conservative think tank the Hudson Institute, of which he is a former president and CEO, and was one of the first to receive the Fiscy award for fiscal discipline.[68] A November 2010 poll gave Daniels a 75% approval rate.[69]
Second term[edit]




Governor Mitch Daniels in August 2010


Democrats won a majority in the Indiana House of Representatives in the 2006 and 2008 elections. This caused Indiana to have a divided government, with Democrats controlling the Indiana House of Representatives and the Republicans controlling the governor's office and the Indiana Senate. This also lead to a stalemate in the budget debate, which caused Mitch Daniels call a special session of the Indiana General Assembly. The state was faced with a $1 billion shortfall in revenue for the 2009–11 budget years. Daniels proposed a range of spending cuts and cost-saving measures in his budget proposal. The General Assembly approved some of his proposals, but relied heavily on the state's reserve funds to pay for the budget shortfall. Daniels signed the $27 billion two-year budget into law.
2011 legislative walkout[edit]
See also: 2011 Indiana legislative walkouts
In the 2010 mid-term elections, Republican super-majorities regained control of the House, and took control of the Senate, giving the party full control of General Assembly for the first time in Daniels' tenure as governor. The 2011 Indiana General Assembly's regular legislative session began in January and the large Republicans majorities attempted to implement a wide-ranging conservative agenda largely backed by Daniels. Most of the agenda had been "dormant" since Daniels' election due to divided control of the assembly.[70] In February, Republican legislators attempted to pass a right to work bill in the Indiana House of Representatives. The bill would have made it illegal for employees to be required to join a workers' union. Republicans argued that it would help the state attract new employers. Unable to prevent the measure from passing, Democratic legislators fled the state to deny the body quorum while several hundred protesters staged demonstrations at the capital. Minority walkouts are somewhat common in the state, occurring as recently as 2005.[71]
While Daniels supported the legislation, he believed the Republican lawmakers should drop the bill because it was not part of their election platform and deserved a period of public debate. Republicans subsequently dropped the bill, but the Democratic lawmakers still refused to return to the capital, demanding additional bills be tabled, including a bill to create a statewide school voucher program. Their refusal to return left the Indiana General Assembly unable to pass any legislation, until three of the twelve bills they objected to were dropped from the agenda on March 28. The minority subsequently returned to the statehouse to resume their duties.[71]
Daniels was interviewed in February 2011 about the similar 2011 Wisconsin budget protests in Madison. While supporting the Wisconsin Republicans, he said that in Indiana "we're not in quite the same position or advocating quite the same things they are up in Madison."[72]
Education[edit]
Following the legislative walkouts, the assembly began passing most of the agenda and Daniels signed the bills into law. Written in collaboration with Indiana Superintendent of Public Instruction Tony Bennett, a series of education reform laws made a variety of major changes to statewide public schools. A statewide school voucher program was enacted. Children in homes with an income under $41,000 could receive vouchers equal to 90% of the cost of their public school tuition and use that money to attend a private school. It provides lesser benefits to households with income over $41,000. The program will be gradually phased in over a three-year period and would be available to all state residents by 2014.[70][73][74]
Other funds were redirected to creating and expanding charter schools, and expanding college scholarship programs. The law also created a merit pay system to give better performing teachers higher wages, and gave broader authority to school superintendents to terminate the employment of teachers and restricts the collective bargaining rights of teachers.[73]
WGU Indiana was established through an executive order on June 14, 2010 by Daniels, as a partnership between the state and Western Governors University in an effort to expand access to higher education for Indiana residents and increase the percentage of the state’s adult population with education beyond high school.
Curriculum and funding[edit]
In July 2013, the Associated Press obtained emails under Indiana open record laws in which Daniels asked for assurances that a textbook, "The People's History of the United States," written by historian Howard Zinn "is not in use anywhere in Indiana." Daniels wrote in 2010, "This crap should not be accepted for any credit by the state."[75][76][77][78][79] Daniels' e-mails were addressed to Scott Jenkins, his education adviser, and David Shane, a top fundraiser and state school board member. Daniels and his aides came to agreement and the governor wrote to them, “Go for it. Disqualify propaganda ...." Part of Shane's input was that a statewide review “would force to daylight a lot of excrement.”[77] Though Teresa Lubbers, the state commissioner of higher education, was mentioned in the e-mails regarding the statewide review of courses, she later said that she "was never asked to conduct the survey of courses described in the e-mail exchanges, and that her office did not conduct such a survey".[76]
In one of the emails, Daniels expressed contempt for Zinn upon his death:

This terrible anti-American academic has finally passed away...The obits and commentaries mentioned his book, ‘A People’s History of the United States,’ is the ‘textbook of choice in high schools and colleges around the country.’ It is a truly execrable, anti-factual piece of disinformation that misstates American history on every page. Can someone assure me that it is not in use anywhere in Indiana? If it is, how do we get rid of it before more young people are force-fed a totally false version of our history?[80]

Three years later, in the wake of the revelations, 90 of Purdue's roughly 1,800 professors issued an open letter expressing their concern over Daniels' commitment to academic freedom.[81][82] Daniels responded by saying that if Zinn were alive and a member of the Purdue faculty, he would defend his free speech rights and right to publish.[83] In a letter responding to the professors, Daniels wrote, "In truth, my emails infringed on no one's academic freedom and proposed absolutely no censorship of any person or viewpoint."[75]
In a separate and unrelated round of emails composed in 2009, Indiana Education officials shared concerns with Daniels about the lobbying resources and activities of the Indiana Urban Schools Association. Daniels asked that the administration "examine cutting them out, at least of the [funding] 'surge' we are planning for the next couple yrs." The executive director of IUSA is Charles Little, an Indiana University-Purdue University Indianapolis professor of education, who had criticized him. It wasn’t immediately clear if the audit went through.[75] Daniels said he had never heard of Charles Little.[84]
Abortion[edit]
On April 27, 2011, the Indiana legislature passed a bill authored by State Rep. Eric Turner that prohibited taxpayer dollars from supporting organizations that performed abortions. The legislation also prohibited abortions for women more than 20 weeks pregnant, four weeks sooner than the previous law.[85] Although Daniels would later say he supported the bill from the outset, it was not part of his legislative agenda and he did not indicate whether he would sign or veto the law until after it passed the General Assembly.[86] Daniels signed the bill on May 10, 2011.[85]
Planned Parenthood and the ACLU subsequently brought a lawsuit against the state alleging it was being targeted unfairly, that the state law violated federal medicaid laws, and that their Fourteenth Amendment rights were violated. A May 11 ruling allowing the case to move forward, but denied the request from the petitioners to grant a temporary injunction to restore the funding;[87] however, a June 24 ruling prohibited the state from enforcing the law.[88]
Immigration[edit]
On May 10 Daniels signed into law two immigration bills; one denying in-state tuition prices to illegal immigrants and another creating fines for employers that employed illegal immigrants. Several protestors, at least five of whom were illegal immigrants, were arrested while protesting the law at the statehouse when they broke into Daniels' office after being denied a meeting. Student leaders called for their release, while some state legislators called for their deportation.[89]
State Democratic Party leaders accused Daniels and the Republicans of passing controversial legislation only to enhance Daniels' image so he could seek the presidency. Daniels, however, denied the charges, saying he would have enacted the same agenda years earlier had the then-Democratic majority permitted him to do so.[70]
Budget cuts[edit]
The state forecast continued revenue declines in 2010 that would result in a $1.7 billion budget shortfall if the state budget grew at its normal rate. Daniels submitted a two-year $27.5 billion spending plan to the General Assembly which would result in a $500 million surplus that would be used to rebuild the state reserve funds to $1 billion. He proposed a wide range of budget austerity measures, including employee furloughing, spending reductions, freezing state hiring, freezing state employee wages, and a host of administrative changes for state agencies. The state had already been gradually reducing its workforce by similar freezes, and by 2011, Indiana had the fewest state employees per capita than any other state—a figure Daniels touted to say Indiana had the nation's smallest government.[90][91]
Daniels backed the creation of additional toll roads, expanding on his 2006 overhaul of the Indiana Toll Road system (known as "Major Moves"), in an attempt to secure an additional source of revenue for the state. But opposition from within his own party led to the bill being withdrawn by its Republican sponsor, Sen. Tom Wyss, which resulted in Daniels's only significant legislative defeat during the 2011 session.[74]
The legislative walkouts delayed progress on the budget passage for nearly two months, but the House of Representatives was able to begin working on it in committee in April. The body made several alterations to the bill, including a reapportionment of education funding based more heavily on the number of students at a school, and removing some public school funding to finance the new voucher system and charter schools.[91]
Energy[edit]
Daniels announced in October 2006 that a substitute natural gas company intended to build a facility in southern Indiana that would produce pipeline quality substitute natural gas (SNG).[92] The lead investor was Leucadia National, which proposed a $2.6 billion plant in Rockport, Indiana. Under the terms of the deal endorsed by Daniels, the state would buy almost all the Rockport gas and resell it on the open market throughout the country. If the plant made money from the sale, excess profits would be split between Leucadia National's Indiana subsidiary, Indiana Gassification, and the state. If it lost money from the sale, then 100% of the losses would be passed onto Indiana consumers. Leucadia agreed to reimburse the state for any losses, up to $150 million over 30 years.[93] Gas from the plant would make up about 17 percent of the state's supply. Critics feared that if gas prices fell over the next 30 years, the costs of the lost profits would be passed onto the bills of residents once the $150 million guarantee by Leucadia was used up.[93] The deal also received criticism due to government intrusion in the energy markets.[94] Questions were also raised due to Leucadia National hiring Mark Lubbers to promote the deal. Lubbers is a former aide and close friend of Daniels.[95] The Daniels administration maintained that the plant would create jobs in an economically depressed part of the state and offer environmental benefits through an in-state energy source.[33] The project was ultimately panned by the state legislature in 2013.[96]
Right to Work[edit]
Indiana became the first state in a decade to adopt Right to Work legislation.[97] Indiana is home to many manufacturing jobs. The Indiana Economic Development Corp. has reported that 90 firms said the new law was an important factor in deciding to move to Indiana.[98] Gov. Daniels signed the legislation on Feb 1, 2012 without much fanfare in the hopes of dispersing labor protesters before the Super Bowl in Indianapolis.[99]
2012 presidential speculation[edit]
Although Daniels had claimed to be reluctant to seek higher office, many media outlets, including Politico, The Weekly Standard, Forbes, The Washington Post, CNN, The Economist, and The Indianapolis Star began to speculate that Daniels may intend to seek the Republican nomination for president in 2012 after he joined the national debate on cap and trade legislation by penning a response in The Wall Street Journal to policies espoused by the Democratic-majority Congress and the White House in August 2010.[49][100] The speculation has included Daniels' record of reforming government, reducing taxes, balancing the budget, and connecting with voters in Indiana.[101][102][103][104] Despite his signing into law of bills that toughened drug enforcement, regulated abortion, and a defense of marriage act, he has angered some conservatives because of his call for a "truce" on social issues so the party can focus on fiscal issues.[citation needed] His "willingness to consider tax increases to rectify a budget deficit" has been another source of contention.[105]
In August 2010, The Economist praised Daniels' "reverence for restraint and efficacy" and concluded that "he is, in short, just the kind of man to relish fixing a broken state—or country."[49] Nick Gillespie of Reason called Daniels "a smart and effective leader who is a serious thinker about history, politics, and policy," and wrote that "Daniels, like former New Mexico Gov. Gary Johnson, is a Republican who knows how to govern and can do it well."[106] In February 2011, David Brooks of The New York Times described Daniels as the "Party's strongest [would be] candidate", predicting that he "couldn't match Obama in grace and elegance, but he could on substance."[107]
On December 12, 2010, Daniels suggested in a local interview that he would decide on a White House run before May 2011.[108]
Different groups and individuals pressured Daniels to run for office.[109] In response to early speculation, Daniels dismissed a presidential run in June 2009, saying "I've only ever run for or held one office. It's the last one I'm going to hold."[110] However, in February 2010 he told a Washington Post reporter that he was open to the idea of running in 2012.[111]
On March 6, 2011, Daniels was the winner of an Oregon (Republican Party) straw poll. Daniels drew 29.33% of the vote, besting second place finisher Mitt Romney (22.66%) and third place finisher Sarah Palin (18.22%), and was the winner of a similar straw poll in the state of Washington.[112] On May 5, 2011, Daniels told an interviewer that he would announce "within weeks" his decision of whether or not to run for the Republican presidential nomination. He said he felt he was not prepared to debate on all the national issues, like foreign policy, and needed time to better understand the issues and put together formal positions.[113] Later in May, as the Republican field began to resolve with announcements and withdrawals of other candidates, Time said, "Even setting aside his somewhat unusual family situation, Daniels would need to hurry to put together an organization" and raise enough money if he intended to run.[114]
Daniels announced he would not seek the Republican nomination for the presidency on the night of May 21, 2011, via an email to the press, citing family constraints and the loss of privacy the family would experience should he become a candidate.[115]
2016 presidential speculation[edit]
In January 2014, the Republican National Committee sent an email to subscribers, asking them to pick their top three presidential choices. The poll included thirty two potential candidates including Daniels.[116] In March 2015, Fortune Magazine named Daniels No. 41 on its list of the world's 50 greatest leaders, generating a new round of calls for Daniels to consider his options in 2016. Daniels was the only American university president and the only national political figure (excluding Detroit Mayor Mike Duggan,) to make the global list.[117]
Purdue University[edit]




Purdue University President Mitch Daniels talks with Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack in 2014


Selection[edit]
The Purdue University Board of Trustees unanimously elected Mitch Daniels president of Purdue University on June 21, 2012. As governor, Daniels had appointed 8 of the 10 Board members and had reappointed the other two, which critics claimed was a conflict of interest. A state investigation released in October 2012 found that the circumstances did not violate the Indiana Code of Ethics.[118] Other critics of his selection pointed out that unlike previous Purdue presidents, he lacked a background in academia.[119] His term as president began upon completion of his term as governor in January 2013. In preparation for his term as President of Purdue University, Daniels stopped participating in partisan political activity during the 2012 election cycle and focused instead on issues related to higher education and fiscal matters.
In order to avoid the financial cost of a formal inauguration, Daniels instead wrote an "Open Letter to the People of Purdue" in which he documented the challenges facing higher education and outlined his initial priorities such as affordability, academic excellence and academic freedom.[120] Daniels has continued this practice, opting to send Open Letters to the Purdue community instead of giving a formal State of the University speech, as is more common in higher education.
Student interactions[edit]
Daniels works out daily at the student gym and eats frequently with students in student dining facilities.[121] In March 2013, he joined forces with a group of engineering students to create a viral music video promoting engineering and Purdue University. Within 24 hours, the video had received over 50,000 views.[122]
Purdue home football games feature a segment entitled "Where's Mitch?", in which, the stadium video board shows the camera panning the crowd and eventually finding Daniels sitting among the fans, sometimes in the student section. Former Purdue presidents rarely left their suite in the press-box structure.
Tuition freezes and cost reductions[edit]
The total cost of attending Purdue has fallen since Daniels assumed Purdue’s presidency, despite a trend at Big Ten institutions of rising costs. Total loan debt among the student body has also fallen 30% or $55 million.[123] Tuition at Purdue, prior to Daniels’ arrival had increased every year since 1976.[124] Two months after Daniels assumed his role as president, Purdue announced it would freeze tuition for two years, eventually extending the freeze for six years, through 2019. As a result, multiple graduating classes have become the first in at least 40 years to leave Purdue having never experienced a tuition increase,[125][126] in-state tuition is more than $1,000 lower than if the university had raised rates at the national average, and students and families have saved more than $226 million in educational expenses.[127]
Daniels announced the first tuition freeze before the state had determined Purdue's funding for the next biennium. Amidst questions about the timing, Daniels argued that he didn't need to wait because "it doesn't matter what the General Assembly does. This is the right thing to do and we are going to do it...the same way families do; the same way some governments do and all businesses do. We are going to adjust our spending to what we believe is the available and in this case the fair amount of revenue. I know often with good reason there has been an opportunity in higher education to adjust tuition to match what the place wanted to spend, and I just think we've reached the point where we ought to break that pattern."[128] The first tuition freeze required the university to find $40 million in savings or new revenue. In order to make up for the lost revenue from tuition freezes, Daniels and the Purdue Board of Trustees focused on finding operating efficiencies such as consolidating information technology data centers, investing cash reserves and switching to a consumer-driven health plan for employees.[129]
Daniels also reduced meal plan rates for students by 10 percent, froze housing costs and cut the university's cooperative education fees which had increased every year prior on record.[130][131] In fall 2014, Daniels announced a deal with Amazon to save students on textbooks and provide students, faculty and staff with free one day shipping to locations on campus.[132] Daniels has stated that the Amazon partnership saves students more than $550,000 a semester and has provided Purdue with $400,000 in new scholarship funds.[133]
Agenda[edit]
In September 2013, Daniels announced the major priorities of his administration, known as "Purdue Moves."[134] The plan continued Daniels’ focus on affordability but also called for new investments[135] such as the hiring of 165 new faculty in STEM disciplines, expansion of flipped classrooms, growing summer enrollment, investments in plant science and drug discovery research, and the creation of Competency-based degree[136] programs and some 3-year degree options. The Purdue Moves also emphasized commercialization of research. Under Daniels leadership, Purdue increased the number of affiliated start-up companies by more than 400 percent and broke the university record for patents.[137]
In 2015, Daniels announced plans to start the Purdue Polytechnic Indianapolis high school, designed to be a bridge for inner-city students to Purdue by admitting graduates directly to Purdue. Daniels described the high school as an attempt to increase the number of low-income, first-generation and minority students who are prepared for Purdue.[138] The high school will not open until 2017, but Purdue reported record levels of minority and underrepresented students in the Fall 2016 semester.[137]
Daniels also has emphasized free speech and inquiry by becoming the first public institution to adopt the Chicago principles for free speech and inquiry and one of roughly two dozen universities to receive the highest rating from the Foundation for Individual Rights in Education
In 2017, Daniels and the Purdue Board of Trustees announced its intention to acquire Kaplan University for the purpose of transforming it into an online Purdue program.[139]
Compensation[edit]
When Daniels was hired by Purdue he requested that his salary be less than his predecessors maximum salary and that 30 percent of his take home be based on the results of biannual performance reviews. Daniel’s base salary of $420,000 is $135,000 less than the prior president’s salary. Under the contract, his salary can grow to a maximum of $546,000 based on the results of a performance-bonus system—still less than his predecessor and the 3rd lowest in the 14-member Big Ten.[140] In November 2014, Daniels earned 88 percent of his at risk pay, receiving the grade of a B+ from the Trustees.[141]
Board service[edit]
In February 2013, Daniels was asked to co-chair a National Research Council committee to review and make recommendations on the future of the U.S. human spaceflight program. Daniels also co-chairs a Council on Foreign Relations Task Force on NonCommunicable diseases.[142] In March 2013, Daniels was elected to the board of Energy Systems Network (ESN), Indiana’s industry-driven clean technology initiative.
In June 2015, Daniels was elected to serve on the board of directors for Indiana Software company Interactive Intelligence (ININ).[143]
Electoral history[edit]
Main articles: Indiana gubernatorial election, 2004 and Indiana gubernatorial election, 2008

Indiana gubernatorial election, 2004

Party
Candidate
Votes
%
±



Republican
Mitch Daniels
1,302,912
53.2




Democratic
Joe Kernan (Incumbent)
1,113,900
45.5




Libertarian
Kenn Gividen
31,664
1.3




Indiana gubernatorial election, 2008

Party
Candidate
Votes
%
±



Republican
Mitch Daniels (Incumbent)
1,542,371
57.8




Democratic
Jill Long Thompson
1,067,863
40.1




Libertarian
Andy Horning
56,651
2.1



Authorship[edit]

Daniels, Mitch (2012), Aiming Higher: Words That Changed a State, IBJ Book Publishing, ISBN 978-1-934922-86-6 
Daniels, Mitch (2011), Keeping the Republic: Saving America by Trusting Americans, Sentinel, ISBN 978-1-59523-080-5 
Daniels, Mitch (2004), Notes from the Road: 16 months of towns, tales and tenderloins, Mitch Daniels Transition Team, ISBN 978-0-9766026-0-6 

Honors[edit]

Order of the Rising Sun, 2nd Class, Gold and Silver Star (2017)

See also[edit]


Biography portal
Conservatism portal
Indiana portal
Politics portal



List of Governors of Indiana


References[edit]


^ Vaughan, Martin A. (June 11, 2008). "States Move To Cut, Cap Property Taxes As Home Values Decline, Many Will Have to Make Up Lost Revenue by Other Means". Wall Street Journal. 
^ Leonhardt, David (January 4, 2011). "Budget Hawk Eyes Deficit". nytimes.com. 
^ Davey, Monica (February 1, 2012). "Indiana Governor Signs a Law Creating a ‘Right to Work’ State". nytimes.com. 
^ York, Byron (June 4, 2009). "Can Mitch Daniels save the GOP?". Washington Examiner. Retrieved 2013-01-18. 
^ Will, George F. (2010-02-07). "Charting a simple road to government solvency". Washington Post. Retrieved 2012-04-06. 
^ Douthat, Ross (2010-03-01). "A Republican Surprise". The New York Times. Retrieved 2010-05-12. 
^ King, Neil (2011-05-22). "Daniels Withdraws From Presidential Race". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved 2011-05-22. odyssey=tab%7Cmostpopular%7Ctext%7CFRONTPAGE
^ "Governor Fun Facts". State of Indiana. Archived from the original on 2009-01-16. Retrieved 2009-01-04. 
^ "Gov. Daniels says White House speculation reinforced Syrian roots". Archived from the original on 9 January 2013. Retrieved 5 July 2012. 
^ a b c d e f "Indiana Governor Mitch Daniels". National Governors Association. Archived from the original on September 30, 2007. Retrieved 2008-07-09. 
^ a b c d e Gugin, p. 404
^ "2009 Kahlil Gibran Gala". Arab American Institute. Archived from the original on 2010-12-02. Retrieved 2010-11-09. 
^ "Ancestry of Mitch Daniels". Wargs.com. Retrieved 2012-04-06. 
^ At Statesmen's Dinner, Republicans urged to flip Obama's slogan on its head[dead link]
^ a b c d Indianapolis Monthly. 25. April 2002. pp. 142–45. ISSN 0899-0328. 
^ "Presidential Scholars". Presidential Scholars Association. Archived from the original on 2011-03-04. Retrieved 2011-03-11. 
^ a b Schleifer, Teddy (February 24, 2011). "Daniels '71: Into the spotlight". The Daily Princetonian. Archived from the original on February 27, 2011. Retrieved 2011-02-28. 
^ "Democrats want more info on Daniels' arrest". Wthr.com. 1970-05-14. Retrieved 2012-04-06. 
^ Sullum, Jacob (2011-03-02) Mitch Daniels' Pot Luck, Reason
^ a b c d e "Mitch Daniels". IndyStar. 11 January 2005. Retrieved 2008-07-09. 
^ Daniels, Mitch, The Washington Post, August 22, 1989, accessed May 2, 2011.
^ "Public-Relations Pair to Join Lugar Staff." Indianapolis Star, 07 December, 1974, p. 26: "Daniels, 25, a CCI vice-president who worked in Lugar's office as a summer interne [sic] in 1969 and 1970…"
^ "About the Governor: Mitchell E. Daniels, Jr., Governor of Indiana". in.gov. Archived from the original on 2011-05-11. Retrieved 2011-05-05. 
^ "Twenty Largest Indiana Public Companies" (PDF). Indiana State Auditor. 1998. Retrieved 2011-04-14. 
^ a b Ferguson, Andrew (2010-06-14). "Ride Along With Mitch". The Weekly Standard. Retrieved 2011-04-14. 
^ "The Eli Lilly Years". gooznewsauthor=Kensen, Joanne. May 11, 2011. Retrieved 2012-05-12. 
^ "Mitch Daniels on Conversations with Bill Kristol". 
^ Slevin, Peter (2004-10-04). "In Indiana Race, Bush's Budget Blade Becomes 'My Man Mitch'". Washington Post. Retrieved 2008-12-28. President Bush admiringly called him "the Blade," for the gleam in his budget-cutting eye. 
^ a b "The Man Behind The Vaccine Mystery". CBS News. 2002-12-12. Retrieved 2017-05-28. 
^ "Homeland Bill Rider Aids Drugmakers". Washington Post. 2002-11-15. Retrieved 2017-05-28. 
^ a b Perelman, Michael (2005). Manufacturing Discontent. Pluto Press. pp. 113—114. ISBN 0745324061. 
^ "During Mitch Daniels’ decade at Eli Lilly, the drug giant paid billions in fines and settled thousands of lawsuits". The Center for Public Integrity. 2011-05-09. Retrieved 28 May 2017. 
^ a b Daniels, Mitchell E., Jr., "Remarks to The National Press Club", whitehouse.gov, 11/28/2001.
^ a b "Ross Douthat's Blog, 3 March 2010". The New York Times. 2010-03-03. Retrieved 2011-03-10. 
^ a b c Douthat, Ross (2010-03-01). "A Republican Surprise". New York Times. 
^ nytimes.com, 2002/12/31.
^ cnn.com, 2003/01/01.
^ Bush to Seek $75 Billion to Fight War, Terrorism, March 25, 2003, Los Angeles Times. The total request was for $75 billion but only $53 billion went to Iraq operations. "The spending measure would cover these expenses to the end of this fiscal year—Sept. 30—according to a senior administration official who briefed reporters Monday."
^ CBO Congressional Testimony, October 24, 2007, Table 2, Pg. 4, in the 2003 column
^ CBO Appropriations for Iraq and Afghanistan[dead link]
^ a b c d e f Gugin, p. 402
^ a b Gugin, p. 403
^ Stoll, Ira (2010-03-08). "Mitch Daniels on the State of the Nation". Hudson Institute. Retrieved 2010-09-16. 
^ "Wisconsins Unions Get Ugly". Wall Street Journal. April 1, 2011. Retrieved 2011-05-09. 
^ a b "State Releases Budget Numbers". Inside Indiana Business. July 15, 2005. Archived from the original on 2013-08-24. Retrieved 2011-05-13. 
^ a b c d Hemmingway, Mark (2009). "Mitch the Knife". National Review. Archived from the original on August 9, 2011. Retrieved 2011-05-08. 
^ a b c d Gugin, p. 405 Cite error: Invalid <ref> tag; name "g495" defined multiple times with different content (see the help page).
^ Mwape, James Muma (2009). Guide to Electronic Toll Payments. Xulon Press. ISBN 978-1-61579-364-8. 
^ a b c "Mitch Daniels: The right stuff". The Economist. 2010-08-19. Retrieved 2010-09-17. 
^ Gugin, p. 206
^ "Fact No. 36". Top 100 Facts about the Daniels Administration. 
^ "Governor visits Indiana troops in South Korea". Indystar.com. 25 June 2006. 
^ "Reality Check: Indiana job numbers don't add up". March 1, 2010. 
^ Barnes, Fred (September 15, 2007). "Hoosier Jump Shot". The Wall Street Journal. (Subscription required (help)). 
^ "Health Indiana Plan". HealthyIndianaPlan.org. Archived from the original on 2011-07-15. Retrieved 2011-05-11. 
^ Lederman, Doug (2010-07-14). "Indiana teams up with WGU to educate adults online". USA Today. 
^ insideindianabusiness.com Archived 2015-04-10 at the Wayback Machine..
^ "Governor Signs Property Tax Relief Bill" (PDF). IN.gov. 2010-03-19. Archived from the original (PDF) on 2011-08-10. Retrieved 2011-03-01. 
^ "Indiana Voters OK property tax cap". Indianapolis Business Journal. Associated Press. November 2, 2010. Retrieved 2011-01-03. 
^ Goodman, Josh (2008). "Public Officials of the Year". Governing magazine. Retrieved 2010-09-17. 
^ "2008 Urban Innovator Award Winner". Manhattan Institute. 2008-10-08. Archived from the original on 2010-09-11. Retrieved 2010-09-17. 
^ a b Barns, Robert (April 29, 2008). "High Court Upholds Indiana Voter Registration Law". Washington Post. Retrieved 2011-05-13. 
^ "Governor Mitch Daniels Well-Positioned Entering Election Year". Republican Governors' Association. 2010. Retrieved 2011-03-01. 
^ "Indiana – Election Results 2008 – The New York Times". Elections.nytimes.com. 2008-12-09. Retrieved 2012-04-06. 
^ Cillizza, Chris. "The Best Gubernatorial Campaign of 2008". Voices.washingtonpost.com. Retrieved 2012-04-06. 
^ Van Wyk, Rich. "Dallara picked for new IndyCar chassis". WTHR-TV. Retrieved 2010-08-02. 
^ "Dallara commits to new Speedway facility". IndyCar Series. Archived from the original on 2010-07-28. Retrieved 2010-08-02. 
^ "Award Recipients". Fiscy. Retrieved 2011-02-17. 
^ Trinko, Katrina (November 18, 2010). "Mitch Daniels’s Next Hurdle". National Review. Retrieved 2011-03-09. 
^ a b c Weidenbener, Lesley (May 1, 2011). "title unknown". Louisville Courier-Journal. pp. A1, A18. 
^ a b "Democratic lawmakers leave Indiana, block labor bill". Indianapolis Business Journal. Associated Press. February 22, 2011. Retrieved 2011-03-01. 
^ "State Budgets and Public Unions", transcript, The Diane Rehm Show, 2011-02-21. Retrieved 2011-02-22.
^ a b Allen, Kevin (April 22, 2011). "Indiana OKs Voucher program". South Bend Tribune. Archived from the original on September 27, 2011. Retrieved 2011-04-25. 
^ a b Shella, Jim (April 25, 2011). "DANIEls Chalks Up Legislative Wins". WISHTV News. Archived from the original on 2012-03-20. Retrieved 2011-04-25. 
^ a b c "Read Mitch Daniels emails about Howard Zinn", Journal & Courier, July 17, 2013.
^ a b Jaschik, Scott, "The Governor's Bad List", Inside Higher Ed, July 17, 2013.
^ a b "As governor, Mitch Daniels looked to censor academic writings and courses", Indystar.com, Jul. 16, 2013.
^ Rothschild, Matthew, "How Mitch Daniels Had It In for Howard Zinn", progressive.org, July 17, 2013.
^ "Censoring Howard Zinn: Former Indiana Gov. Tried to Remove 'A People’s History' from State Schools", DemocracyNow!, July 22, 2013. Including interviews with Anthony Arnove, co-editor with Zinn of "Voices of a People’s History of the United States," and Cornel West, professor at Union Theological Seminary and, formerly, at Princeton and Harvard. Retrieved 2013-07-22.
^ Ohlheiser, Abby. "Former Governor, Now Purdue President, Wanted Howard Zinn Banned in Schools". Atlantic Wire. Retrieved 14 August 2013. 
^ Wang, Stephanie. "Purdue faculty 'troubled' by Mitch Daniels' Howard Zinn comments". Indianapolis Star. Retrieved 14 August 2013. 
^ LoBianco, Tom (2013-07-22). "Mitch Daniels Letter: Purdue Professors Blast Former GOP Gov Over Howard Zinn Comments". Huffington Post. Retrieved 14 August 2013. 
^ Krull, John. "Daniels says issue is not freedom but Zinn's scholarship". Evansville Courier & Press. Retrieved 14 August 2013. 
^ Kehoe, Troy, "Daniels says report 'distorted' emails" Archived 2013-07-19 at the Wayback Machine., WISH-TV.com, July 17, 2013. "The former governor said he had never heard of Charles Little prior to this week..."
^ a b House Bill 1210, Indiana General Assembly 2011 Session.
^ Indiana Gov. Daniels to Sign Bill Defunding Planned Parenthood, April 29, 2011
^ Gillers, Heather (May 11, 2011). "Planned Parenthood eyes restraining order". USA Today. Retrieved 2011-05-11. 
^ Guyett, Susan (2011-06-25). "Indiana can't end Planned Parenthood funds: judge". Reuters. Retrieved 2011-08-25. 
^ Nye, Charlie (May 11, 2011). "Immigration bills signed amid arrests". IndyStar.com. Indianapolis Star. Retrieved 2011-05-11. 
^ "Ways and Means Presentation" (PDF). Governor's Office. March 2011. Retrieved 14 May 2011. 
^ a b Carden, Dan (2011-04-28). "State budget set for final vote : Elections". Nwitimes.com. Retrieved 2012-06-19. 
^ Indiana advances leadership in clean coal technology., Indiana Governor History, March 24, 2009.
^ a b Evanoff, Ted (January 2, 2011). "Daniels takes natural gas bet that others refused". Indianapolis Star. Retrieved 2012-02-15. 
^ Bradner, Eric (2010-12-16). "State, developers reach agreement on Rockport, Ind., gasification plant". Courier & Press. Retrieved 2013-04-29. 
^ Welsh, Gary (May 1, 2011). "Lubbers: Critics Of Coal Gasification Deal Are Sneaky And Evil". Advance Indiana. Retrieved 2012-02-15. 
^ Bradner, Eric (2013-04-27). "BRADNER: Rockport plant will never be". Retrieved 2013-04-29. 
^ economist.com.
^ "Indiana adopts right to work". 
^ wbez.org.
^ Daniels, Mitch (15 May 2009). "Indiana Says 'No Thanks' to Cap and Trade". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ Zickar, Lou (18 May 2009). "The innovators of today's GOP". 
^ Robinson, Peter (15 May 2009). "The Future Of The GOP". Forbes. 
^ Cillizza, Chris (12 May 2009). "Can Mitch Daniels Save the GOP?". The Washington Post. 
^ Tully, Matthew (17 May 2009). "How do Daniels' moves add up?". Archived from the original on 10 April 2015. 
^ Silver, Nate (2011-02-04) A Graphical Overview of the 2012 Republican Field, New York Times
^ Gillespie, Nick (2011-01-05) NY Times Flips its Whig Over Gov. Mitch Daniels (R-Ind.), Reason
^ Brooks, David (February 25, 2011). "Run Mitch, Run". New York Times. Retrieved 2011-03-01. 
^ ^ Mellinger, Mark (2010-12-16). "Daniels to decide on WH run before May" Archived 2010-12-17 at the Wayback Machine., WANE.com. Retrieved 2010-12-16.
^ Various (2 January 2011). "Student Initiative to Draft Daniels". 
^ "Daniels Ends 2012 Speculation". RealClearPolitics.com. 3 June 2009. Retrieved 4 June 2009. 
^ Cook, Dave (February 23, 2010). "Mitch Daniels open to presidential run, despite '100 reasons' to pass". Christian Science Monitor. Retrieved 2011-05-05. 
^ Mapes, Jeff (6 March 2011). "Indiana Gov. Mitch Daniels wins GOP presidential straw poll in Oregon". The Oregonian. Retrieved 7 March 2011. 
^ Haberman, Maggie (May 5, 2011). "Mitch Daniels". Politico. Retrieved 2011-05-06. 
^ Duffy, Michael, "Seven Days in May: How One Week Clarified the GOP Field, Time magazine, May 15, 2011. Retrieved 2011-05-16.
^ Haberman, Maggie (May 22, 2011). "Mitch Daniels won't run in 2012". Politico. Retrieved May 22, 2011. 
^ Siddiqui, Sabrina (January 10, 2014). "Republican National Committee Polls Voters On 2016 Presidential Candidates". Huffington Post. Retrieved 2014-03-18. 
^ McGregor, Jena (March 26, 2015). "World's Greatest Leader List". Washington Post. Retrieved 27 May 2015. 
^ Thomas, David O. (October 16, 2012). The Governor as Purdue University President (PDF) (Report). Retrieved 2013-01-14. 
^ Russell, John; Sabalow, Ryan; Schneider, Mary Beth; Sikich, Chris (June 20, 2012). "Gov. Mitch Daniels pick called a coup for Purdue, but qualifications questioned". The Indianapolis Star. Retrieved 2013-01-14. 
^ Daniels, Mitch. "An Open Letter to the People of Purdue". 
^ Weddle, Eric (Jan 19, 2013). "Daniels begins Purdue term with 12-hour days, fact-finding tour". Journal & Courier. Retrieved May 29, 2013. 
^ Video on YouTube.
^ "Purdue student and parent borrowing down four years running". Purdue.edu. 
^ "Declining Costs of Attendance". Purdue University. 
^ "Trustees extend tuition freeze through 2015-16 academic year". Purdue.edu/newsroom. 
^ "Purdue trustees endorse WL campus tuition freeze, 2.5 percent merit pay increase". Purdue Newsroom. May 18, 2017. 
^ "Purdue to hold tuition flat through 2018-19". Purdue Newsroom. March 20, 2017. 
^ "Purdue President Mitch Daniels on Tuition Freeze Plan". Press Conference, quote is 35 seconds in. WBAA News. March 1, 2013. 
^ Colombo, Hayleigh (May 18, 2003). "Purdue near $40M target; less than 3 months after tuition freeze news". Journal & Courier. 
^ Colombo, Hayleigh (May 22, 2013). "Silence golden in vote on Purdue tuition freeze". Journal & Courier. Factoring in a 5 percent meal plan reduction and a more than 50 percent cut in Purdue’s co-op fee, Purdue estimates more than 10,000 students and families will save about $3.5 million total. 
^ "The Value of a Purdue Education". Purdue.edu/PurdueMoves. 
^ "Purdue, Amazon to offer students savings on textbooks, provide first-ever on-campus pickup services". Purdue Newsroom. August 13, 2014. 
^ "Keeping the doors of higher education wide open". purdue.edu. 
^ "Daniels provides additional details on Purdue campus initiatives". Purdue News. Sep 9, 2013. 
^ "Higher Education at the Highest Proven Value". http://www.purdue.edu/purduemoves/.  External link in |website= (help); Missing or empty |url= (help)
^ "Daniels awards prize for competency-based degree to Purdue Polytechnic Institute". Purdue Newsroom. September 4, 2014. 
^ a b "'Year of records' continues at Purdue". Purdue Newsroom. September 14, 2015. 
^ "Purdue Polytechnic High School to provide STEM pipeline". Purdue Newsroom. June 18, 2015. 
^ "Purdue to acquire Kaplan University, increase access for millions". Purdue Newsroom. April 27, 2017. 
^ "Purdue trims president's pay, breaks new ground for executive compensation", Purdue News, December 15, 2012.
^ Tyner, Brittany (November 5, 2014). "Daniels awarded $111K in at-risk pay". WLFI.com. 
^ "Independent Task Force on Noncommunicable Diseases". Council on Foreign Relations. February 2014. Archived from the original on 2015-02-13. 
^ "Interactive Intelligence Elects Mitch Daniels to Board of Directors (NASDAQ:ININ)". 



Gugin, Linda C.; St. Clair, James E, eds. (2006). The Governors of Indiana. Indianapolis, Indiana: Indiana Historical Society Press. ISBN 0-87195-196-7. 

External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Mitch Daniels.





Wikiquote has quotations related to: Mitch Daniels



Purdue University President Mitch Daniels Purdue University site
Appearances on C-SPAN



Political offices


Preceded by
Jack Lew
Director of the Office of Management and Budget
2001–2003
Succeeded by
Joshua Bolten


Preceded by
Joe Kernan
Governor of Indiana
2005–2013
Succeeded by
Mike Pence


Party political offices


Preceded by
David McIntosh
Republican nominee for Governor of Indiana
2004, 2008
Succeeded by
Mike Pence


Preceded by
Paul Ryan
Response to the State of the Union address
2012
Succeeded by
Marco Rubio


Academic offices


Preceded by
Timothy Sands
Acting
President of the Purdue University System
2013–present
Incumbent








v
t
e


Directors of the United States Office of Management and Budget






Dawes
Lord
Roop
Douglas
D. W. Bell
Smith
Webb
Pace
Lawton
Dodge
Hughes
Brundage
Stans
D. E. Bell
Gordon
Schultze
Zwick
Mayo
Shultz
Weinberger
Ash
Lynn
Lance
McIntyre
Stockman
Miller
Wright
Darman
Panetta
Rivlin
Raines
Lew
Daniels
Bolten
Portman
Nussle
Orszag
Lew
Burwell
Donovan
Mulvaney















v
t
e


Cabinet of President George W. Bush (2001–09)








Cabinet



Secretary of State



Colin Powell (2001–05)
Condoleezza Rice (2005–09)








Secretary of the Treasury



Paul H. O'Neill (2001–02)
John W. Snow (2003–06)
Henry Paulson (2006–09)





Secretary of Defense



Donald Rumsfeld (2001–06)
Robert Gates (2006–09)





Attorney General



John Ashcroft (2001–05)
Alberto Gonzales (2005–07)
Michael Mukasey (2007–09)





Secretary of the Interior



Gale Norton (2001–06)
Dirk Kempthorne (2006–09)





Secretary of Agriculture



Ann Veneman (2001–05)
Mike Johanns (2005–07)
Ed Schafer (2008–09)





Secretary of Commerce



Donald Evans (2001–05)
Carlos Gutierrez (2005–09)





Secretary of Labor



Elaine Chao (2001–09)





Secretary of Health and
Human Services



Tommy Thompson (2001–05)
Mike Leavitt (2005–09)





Secretary of Housing and
Urban Development



Mel Martinez (2001–03)
Alphonso Jackson (2003–08)
Steve Preston (2008–09)





Secretary of Transportation



Norman Mineta (2001–06)
Mary E. Peters (2006–09)





Secretary of Energy



Spencer Abraham (2001–05)
Samuel Bodman (2005–09)





Secretary of Education



Rod Paige (2001–05)
Margaret Spellings (2005–09)





Secretary of Veterans Affairs



Anthony Principi (2001–05)
Jim Nicholson (2005–07)
James Peake (2007–09)





Secretary of Homeland Security



Tom Ridge (2003–05)
Michael Chertoff (2005–09)













Cabinet-level



Vice President



Dick Cheney (2001–09)





White House Chief of Staff



Andrew Card (2001–06)
Joshua Bolten (2006–09)





Administrator of the
Environmental Protection Agency



Christine Todd Whitman (2001–03)
Mike Leavitt (2003–05)
Stephen L. Johnson (2005–09)





Director of the Office of
Management and Budget



Mitch Daniels (2001–03)
Joshua Bolten (2003–06)
Rob Portman (2006–07)
Jim Nussle (2007–09)





Director of National Drug
Control Policy



John P. Walters (2001–09)





Trade Representative



Robert Zoellick (2001–05)
Rob Portman (2005–06)
Susan Schwab (2006–09)















v
t
e


Presidents of Purdue University






Richard Owen (1872)
Abraham C. Shortridge (1874)
John S. Hougham # (1876)
Emerson E. White (1876)
James H. Smart (1883)
Winthrop E. Stone (1900)
Henry W. Marshall # (1921)
Edward C. Elliott (1922)
Andrey A. Potter # (1945)
Frederick L. Hovde (1946)
Arthur G. Hansen (1971)
John W. Hicks # (1982)
Steven C. Beering (1983)
Martin C. Jischke (2000)
France A. Córdova (2007)
Timothy Sands # (2012)
Mitch Daniels (2013)

Pound sign (#) denotes an acting or interim president











v
t
e


Governors of Indiana



Territorial (1800–16)



Harrison
Gibson (acting)
Posey








State (since 1816)



Jennings
Boon
W. Hendricks
Ray
Noble
Wallace
Bigger
J. Whitcomb
Dunning
Wright
Willard
Hammond
Lane
Morton
Baker
T. Hendricks
Williams
Gray
Porter
Gray
Hovey
Chase
Matthews
Mount
Durbin
Hanly
Marshall
Ralston
Goodrich
McCray
Branch
Jackson
Leslie
McNutt
Townsend
Schricker
Gates
Schricker
Craig
Handley
Welsh
Branigin
E. Whitcomb
Bowen
Orr
Bayh
O'Bannon
Kernan
Daniels
Pence
Holcomb







See also: Governor of Indiana








Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 53799327
LCCN: no2001039207










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Mitch_Daniels&oldid=789988566"					
Categories: Presidents of Purdue University1949 birthsAmerican people of English descentAmerican people of Levantine-Eastern Orthodox Christian descentAmerican people of Scottish descentAmerican people of Syrian descentAmerican politicians of Syrian descentCritics of ScientologyDirectors of the Office of Management and BudgetEli Lilly and CompanyGeorge W. Bush administration cabinet members21st-century American politiciansGeorgetown University Law Center alumniGovernors of IndianaIndiana RepublicansLiving peopleMiddle Eastern ChristiansPeople of Syrian descentOverseas Private Investment Corporation officialsPeople from Washington County, PennsylvaniaPoliticians from IndianapolisRepublican Party state governors of the United StatesWoodrow Wilson School of Public and International Affairs alumniHidden categories: Pages with reference errorsAll articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from December 2011Articles with dead external links from March 2017Pages with duplicate reference namesPages containing links to subscription-only contentWebarchive template wayback linksCS1 errors: external linksPages using web citations with no URLGood articlesAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from May 2011Wikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquote 



Languages


العربيةБългарскиCatalàDanskDeutschEspañolفارسیFrançaisNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsРусскийSimple EnglishSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиSuomiSvenskaУкраїнськаTiếng Việt中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 10 July 2017, at 21:57.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Mitch Daniels - Wikipedia






















 







Mitch Daniels

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Mitch Daniels








President of the Purdue University System



Incumbent



Assumed office
January 14, 2013


Preceded by
Timothy Sands (Acting)


49th Governor of Indiana


In office
January 10, 2005 – January 14, 2013


Lieutenant
Becky Skillman


Preceded by
Joe Kernan


Succeeded by
Mike Pence


Director of the Office of Management and Budget


In office
January 20, 2001 – June 6, 2003


President
George W. Bush


Preceded by
Jack Lew


Succeeded by
Joshua Bolten





Personal details


Born
Mitchell Elias Daniels Jr
(1949-04-07) April 7, 1949 (age 68)
Monongahela, Pennsylvania, U.S.


Political party
Republican


Spouse(s)
Cheri Herman (1978–1993; 1997–present)


Education
Princeton University (A.B.)
Georgetown University (J.D.)


Signature



Website
Purdue University website
Government website


Mitchell Elias "Mitch" Daniels Jr. (born April 7, 1949) is an American academic administrator, businessman, author, and retired politician who served as the 49th Governor of Indiana from 2005 to 2013. He is a member of the Republican Party. Since 2013, Daniels has been president of Purdue University.
Born in Monongahela, Pennsylvania, Daniels is a graduate of Princeton University, and received his Juris Doctor from Georgetown University Law Center after studying briefly at the Indiana University Robert H. McKinney School of Law. Daniels began his career working as an assistant to Richard Lugar, working as his chief of staff in the Senate from 1977 to 1982, and was appointed executive director of the National Republican Senatorial Committee when Lugar was chairman from 1983 to 1984. He worked as a chief political adviser and as a liaison to President Ronald Reagan in 1985, before he was appointed president of the conservative think tank, the Hudson Institute. Daniels moved back to Indiana, joining Eli Lilly and Company, working as president of North American Pharmaceutical Operations from 1993 to 1997, and senior vice president of corporate strategy and policy from 1997 to 2001. In January 2001, Daniels was appointed by President George W. Bush as the director of the U.S. Office of Management and Budget, where he served until June 2003.
Daniels announced his intention to run in Indiana's 2004 gubernatorial election after leaving the Bush administration. He won the Republican primary with 67% of the vote, and defeated Democratic incumbent Governor Joe Kernan in the general election. Daniels was reelected to a second term, defeating former U.S. Representative and US Department of Agriculture undersecretary Jill Long Thompson, on November 4, 2008. During his tenure as governor, Daniels cut the state government workforce by 18%, cut and capped state property taxes, and balanced the state budget through budget austerity measures and increasing spending by less than the inflation rate.[1][2] In his second term, Daniels saw protest by labor unions and Democrats in the state legislature over his policies regarding Indiana's school voucher program and the Indiana House of Representatives attempt to pass right to work legislation, leading to the 2011 Indiana legislative walkouts. During the legislature's last session under Daniels, he signed the right-to-work law; with Indiana becoming the 23rd state in the nation to do so.[3]
It was widely speculated that Daniels would be a candidate in the 2012 presidential election,[4][5][6] but he chose not to run.[7] He is the author of the best selling book Keeping the Republic: Saving America by Trusting Americans. Daniels was selected to be president of Purdue University after his term as governor ended on January 14, 2013.



Contents


1 Early life

1.1 Family and education
1.2 Early political career
1.3 Eli Lilly


2 Office of Management and Budget
3 Governor

3.1 Election campaign
3.2 First term

3.2.1 Budgetary measures
3.2.2 Daylight Saving Time
3.2.3 Highways
3.2.4 Economic development
3.2.5 Healthy Indiana Plan
3.2.6 WGU Indiana
3.2.7 Property tax reform
3.2.8 Voter registration


3.3 Reelection campaign
3.4 Second term

3.4.1 2011 legislative walkout
3.4.2 Education

3.4.2.1 Curriculum and funding


3.4.3 Abortion
3.4.4 Immigration
3.4.5 Budget cuts
3.4.6 Energy
3.4.7 Right to Work




4 2012 presidential speculation
5 2016 presidential speculation
6 Purdue University

6.1 Selection
6.2 Student interactions
6.3 Tuition freezes and cost reductions
6.4 Agenda
6.5 Compensation


7 Board service
8 Electoral history
9 Authorship
10 Honors
11 See also
12 References
13 External links



Early life[edit]
Family and education[edit]
Mitchell Elias Daniels, Jr., was born on April 7, 1949 in Monongahela, Pennsylvania, the son of Dorothy Mae (née Wilkes) and Mitchell Elias Daniels, Sr.[8] His father's parents were immigrants from Syria, of Antiochian Greek Orthodox descent.[9] Daniels has been honored by the Arab-American Institute with the 2011 Najeeb Halaby Award for Public Service.[10][11][12] His mother's ancestry was mostly English (where three of his great-grandparents were born).[13] Daniels spent his early childhood years in Pennsylvania, Tennessee,[14] and Georgia.
The Daniels family moved to Indiana from Pennsylvania in 1959 when his father accepted a job at the Indianapolis headquarters of the pharmaceutical company Pittman-Moore. Then 11-year-old Daniels was accustomed to the mountains, and he at first disliked the flatland of central Indiana. He was still in grade school at the time of the move and first attended Delaware Trail Elementary, Westlane Junior High School, and North Central High School. In high school he was student body president.[15] After graduation in 1967, Daniels was named one of Indiana's Presidential Scholars—the state's top male high school graduate that year—by President Lyndon B. Johnson.[16]
In 1971, Daniels earned a Bachelor's degree from the Woodrow Wilson School of Public and International Affairs at Princeton University. While there, he was a member of the American Whig–Cliosophic Society, where he overlapped with future Supreme Court Justice Samuel Alito, who was a year below. He initially studied law at the Indiana McKinney School of Law in Indianapolis. After accepting a job with newly elected Senator Richard Lugar, he transferred to the Georgetown University Law Center, from which he earned a Juris Doctor.[11]
In 1970, while an undergraduate student at Princeton, a grand jury indicted Daniels for marijuana possession and for maintaining a common nuisance.[17] The charges were eventually dropped and Daniels pleaded guilty to "a disorderly person charge" based on a confession that he had used marijuana. He spent two nights in jail and paid a $350 fine.[18] According to Daniels' roommate at the time, police obtained a warrant to search the room based on the activity of another student who used to live in the room. The roommate told the Daily Princetonian that "Unbeknownst to [Daniels and the other current roommates] … [the former roommate] was coming back there and using the room when we're not there and was involved with drugs much worse than pot."[17] Daniels told The Daily Princetonian in 2011 that "justice was served,"[19] and has disclosed the arrest on job applications, and spoken about the incident in columns in The Indianapolis Star[20] and The Washington Post.[21]
In February 2013, Princeton honored Daniels with the Woodrow Wilson Award, which recognizes an alumnus whose career embodies the call to duty in Wilson's famous speech, "Princeton in the Nation's Service." The award was presented during Alumni Day activities on February 23, 2013.
Early political career[edit]
Daniels had his first experience in politics while still a teenager when, in 1968, he worked on the unsuccessful campaign of fellow Hoosier and Princeton alumnus William Ruckelshaus, who was running for the U.S. Senate against incumbent Democrat Birch Bayh.[15] After the campaign Ruckelshaus helped Daniels secure an internship in the office of then-Indianapolis mayor Richard Lugar. Daniels worked on Lugar's re-election campaign in 1971, and later, in 1974, he worked on Lugar's first campaign for Senate via L. Keith Bulen's Campaign Communicators, Inc, a political consultancy where Daniels served as vice president. Daniels joined Lugar's mayoral staff in December, 1974.[22] Within three years, he became Lugar's principal assistant. After Lugar was elected to the U.S. Senate in 1976, Daniels followed him to Washington, D.C. as his Chief of Staff.[20]
Daniels served as Chief of Staff during Lugar's first term (1977–82); and, during this time, he met Cheri Herman, who was working for the National Park Service. The two married in 1978 and had four daughters. They divorced in 1993 and Cheri married again; Cheri later divorced her second husband and remarried Daniels in 1997.[11]
In 1983, when Lugar was elected chairman of the National Republican Senatorial Committee, Daniels was appointed its executive director. Serving in that position (1983–84), he played a major role in keeping the GOP in control of the Senate. Daniels was also manager of three successful re-election campaigns for Lugar. In August 1985, Daniels became chief political advisor and liaison to President Ronald Reagan.[20]
In 1987, Daniels returned to Indiana as president and CEO of the Hudson Institute, a conservative think tank.[11][23] In 1988, Dan Quayle was elected Vice President of the United States, and Governor of Indiana Robert D. Orr offered to appoint Daniels to Quayle's vacant Senate seat. Daniels declined the offer, saying it would force him to spend too much time away from his family.[15]
Eli Lilly[edit]
In 1990, Daniels left the Hudson Institute to accept a position at Eli Lilly and Company, the largest corporation headquartered in Indiana at that time.[24] He was first promoted to President of North American Operations (1993–97) and then to Senior Vice President for Corporate Strategy and Policy (1997–2001).[10][11][20] During his time at Lilly, Daniels managed a successful strategy to deflect attacks on Lilly's Prozac product by a public relations campaign against the drug being waged by the Church of Scientology. In one interview in 1992, Daniels said of the organization that "it is no church," and that people on Prozac were less likely to become victims of the organization. The Church of Scientology responded by suing Daniels in a libel suit for $20 million. A judge dismissed the case.[25]
Eli Lilly experienced dramatic growth during Daniels' tenure at the company. Prozac sales made up 30–40% of Lilly's income during the mid-to-late 1990s, and Lilly doubled its assets to $12.8 billion and doubled its revenue to $10 billion during the same period. When Daniels later became Governor of Indiana, he drew heavily on his former Lilly colleagues to serve as advisers and agency managers.[26]
During the same period, Daniels also served on the board of directors of the Indianapolis Power & Light (IPL). He resigned from the IPL Board in 2001 to join the federal government, and sold his IPL stock for $1.45 million. Later that year the value declined when Virginia-based AES Corporation bought IPL.[10] The Indiana Securities Division subsequently investigated the sale and found no wrongdoing, but opponents brought up the sale and questioned it during his later election campaign.[25]
Daniels has said his time in the private sector at Eli Lilly was the experience that most helped him to serve as an effective governor. "I probably learned more there," Daniels said in 2015. "I’ll say this, I’ve enjoyed each opportunity, but frequently I was asked later, 'What previous experiences helped most to be an effective governor?,' that sort of thing. People would always expect me to name something from public life, but probably the experience in business, trying to manage for results, trying to get large numbers of people aligned and headed in a common direction, these were probably the most valuable days I spent." [27]
Office of Management and Budget[edit]
In January 2001, Daniels accepted President George W. Bush's invitation to serve as director of the Office of Management and Budget (OMB). He served as Director from January 2001 through June 2003. In this role he was also a member of the National Security Council and the Homeland Security Council.
During his time as the director of the OMB, Bush referred to him as "the Blade," for his noted acumen at budget cutting.[28] The $2.13 trillion budget Daniels submitted to Congress in 2001 would have made deep cuts in many agencies to accommodate the tax cuts being made, but few of the spending cuts were actually approved by Congress.[15] During Daniels' 29-month tenure in the position, the projected federal budget surplus of $236 billion declined to a $400 billion deficit, due to an economic downturn, and failure to enact spending cuts to offset the tax reductions.[20]
Following the September 11, 2001 attacks, Congress passed legislation authorizing the creation of the Department of Homeland Security. Just before the legislation was signed by Bush, Republican lawmakers inserted language into the bill that authorized protection from liability corporations that manufactured thimerosal, a controversial vaccine preservative that has been the subject of multiple lawsuits.[29] Eli Lilly was once the largest maker of thimerosal and is a major target of the lawsuits.[30] Daniels was the budget director at the time of the bill's passing and some [31][32][29] have raised concerns over potential conflicts of interest. Congress repealed the thimerosal provision following expressions of public displeasure.[31]
Shortly after the invasion of Afghanistan, Daniels gave a speech to the National Press Club in which he challenged the view of those who wanted to continue typical spending while the nation was at war. “The idea of reallocating assets from less important to more important things, especially in a time of genuine emergency, makes common sense and is applied everywhere else in life,” he said.[33]
Conservative columnist Ross Douthat stated in a column about Daniels time at OMB that Daniels "carried water, as director of the Office of Management and Budget, for some of the Bush administration’s more egregious budgets."[34] But Douthat, while calling Daniels “America’s Best Governor,” defended Daniels against accusations that Daniels inaccurately assessed the costs of the Iraq war.[35]
In the final days of 2002, when an invasion of Iraq was still a hypothetical question, Daniels told the New York Times that the cost of war with Iraq “could be” in the range of $50 to $60 billion. It was not clear whether Daniels was referring to the cost of a short invasion or a longer war, but he did indicate the administration was budgeting for both. He also described the “back-of-the-envelope” estimate by Bush Economic Advisor Lawrence B. Lindsey that it would cost $100 to $200 billion as much too high.[36] Two days later, after the New Years Holiday, an OMB spokesperson clarified Daniels’ remarks, adding that the $50 to $60 billion figure was not a hard White House estimate and “it is impossible to know what any military campaign would ultimately cost. The only cost estimate we know of in this arena is the Persian Gulf War and that was a $60 billion event".[37]
Three months later, on March 25, 2003, five days after the start of the invasion, President Bush requested $53 billion through an emergency supplemental appropriation to cover operational expenses in Iraq until September 30 of that year.[38] According to the Congressional Budget Office, Military operations in Iraq for 2003 cost $46 Billion, less than the amount projected by Daniels and OMB.[39] Douthat and other Daniel’s defenders accuse Daniels' critics of mischaracterizing the six-month supplemental appropriation as a request to fund the entire war.[34][35]
Between September 2001 and October 2012, lawmakers appropriated about $1.4 trillion for operations in both the war in Iraq and Afghanistan.[40]
Governor[edit]
Election campaign[edit]
Main article: Indiana gubernatorial election, 2004
Daniels' decision to run for Governor of Indiana led to most of the rest of Republican field of candidates to drop out of the race. The only challenger who did not do so was conservative activist and lobbyist Eric Miller. Miller worked for the Phoenix Group, a Christian rights defense group. Daniels' campaign platform centered on cutting the state budget and privatizing public agencies. He won the primary with 67% of the vote.[41]
While campaigning in the general election, Daniels visited all 92 counties at least three times. He traveled in a donated white RV nicknamed "RV-1" and covered with signatures of supporters and his campaign slogan, "My Man Mitch."[42] "My Man Mitch" was a reference to a phrase once used by President George W. Bush to refer to Daniels. Bush campaigned with Daniels on two occasions, as Daniels hoped that Bush's popularity would help him secure a win. In his many public stops, he frequently used the phrase "every garden needs weeding every sixteen years or so"; it had been 16 years since Indiana had had a Republican governor.[41] His opponent in the general election was the incumbent, Joe Kernan, who had succeeded to the office upon the death of Frank O'Bannon. Campaign ads by Kernan and the Democratic Party attempted to tie Daniels to number of issues—his jail time for marijuana use; a stock sale leading to speculations of insider trading; and, because of his role at Eli Lilly, the high cost of prescription drugs.[42] The 2004 election was the costliest in Indiana history, up until that time, with the candidates spending a combined US$23 million.[41] Daniels won the election, garnering about 53% of the vote compared to Kernan's 46%.[41] Kernan was the first incumbent governor to lose an election in Indiana since 1892.[41]
First term[edit]




Mitch Daniels visits Camp Arifjan in Kuwait


On his first day in office, Daniels created Indiana's first Office of Management and Budget to look for inefficiencies and cost savings throughout state government. The same day, he decertified all government employee unions by executive order, removing the requirement that state employees pay union dues by rescinding a mandate created by Governor Evan Bayh in a 1989 executive order. Dues-paying union membership subsequently dropped 90% among state employees.[43][44]
Budgetary measures[edit]
In his first State of the State address on January 18, 2005, Daniels put forward his agenda to improve the State's fiscal situation. Indiana has a biennial budget, and had a projected two-year deficit of $800 million. Daniels called for strict controls on all spending increases, and reducing the annual growth rate of the budget. He also proposed a one-year 1% tax increase on all individuals and entities earning over $100,000. The taxing proposal was controversial and the Republican Speaker of the House, Brian Bosma, criticized Daniels and refused to allow the proposal to be debated.[41][45]
The General Assembly approved $250 million in spending cuts and Daniels renegotiated 30 different state contracts for a savings of $190 million, resulting in a budget of $23 billion. Annual spending growth for future budgets was cut to 2.8% from the 5.9% that had been standard for many years.[45][46] Increase in revenues, coupled with the spending reductions, led to a $300 million budget surplus. Indiana is not permitted to take loans, as borrowing was prohibited in its constitution following the 1837 state bankruptcy. The state, therefore, had financed its deficit spending by reallocating $760 million in revenue that belonged to local government and school districts over the course of many years. The funds were gradually and fully restored to the municipal governments using the surplus money, and the state reserve fund was grown to $1.3 billion.[46]
Two of Daniels' other tax proposals were approved: a tax on liquor and beverages to fund the construction of the Lucas Oil Stadium and a tax on rental cars to expand the Indiana Convention Center. The new source of funding resulted in a state take-over of a project initially started by the City of Indianapolis and led to a bitter feud between Daniels and the city leadership over who should have ownership of the project. The state ultimately won and took ownership of the facilities from the city.[47]
In 2006, Daniels continued his effort to reduce state operating costs by signing into law a bill privatizing the enrollment service for the state's welfare programs. Indiana's welfare enrollment facilities were replaced with call centers operated by IBM. In mid-2009, after complaints of poor service, Daniels canceled the contract and returned the enrollment service to the public sector.[35]
Daylight Saving Time[edit]
One of the most controversial measures Daniels successfully pushed through was the state adoption of Daylight Saving Time, which Daniels argued would save the state money on energy costs.[47] Although the state is in the Eastern Time Zone, Indiana's counties had adopted their own time zone practices, and in practice the state effectively observed two different times, and the central part of the state maintained a single time—Eastern Standard—year round.[47] Interests for both EST and CST time zones had prevented the official adoption of daylight saving since the 1930s, and had led to decades of debate. Daniels pressed for the entire state to switch to Central Time, but the General Assembly could not come to terms. Ultimately after a long debate, they adopted Eastern Daylight Saving Time in April 2005, the measure passing by one vote, putting all but northwestern and southwestern Indiana on the same time for the first time.[47]
Highways[edit]
A controversial plan, known as the Major Moves plan, was passed in 2006. The Indiana Toll Road was leased to Statewide Mobility Partners, a joint venture company owned by Spanish firm Cintra and Australia's Macquarie Infrastructure Group for 75 years in exchange for a one time payment of $3.85 billion. The measure was opposed by most Democrats, who began an advertising campaign accusing Daniels of selling the road to foreign nations.[48][49] The income from the lease was used to finance a backlog of public transportation projects and create a $500 million trust fund to generate revenue for the maintenance of the highway system.[46]
Daniels' support for such controversial legislation led to a rapid drop in his approval rating; in May 2005, a poll showed an 18-point drop in support and that only 42% of Hoosiers approved of the way he was doing his job. In the following months, many of his reforms began to have a positive effect; and his ratings began to improve, and his approval rebounded.[50]
Economic development[edit]
Main article: Indiana Economic Development Corporation




Governor Daniels addresses state and federal assistance available to tornado and flood victims with then Congressman Mike Pence, FEMA Administrator R. David Paulison


When Daniels was elected, he stated his number one priority was job creation.[10] To achieve that goal, he created the public-private Indiana Economic Development Corporation (IEDC), became chairman of its board, and ordered it to “act at the speed of business, not the speed of government,” to attract new jobs. During its first year, the IEDC closed more transactions than similar efforts had during the previous two years combined. Between 2005 and 2008, 485 businesses committed to creating more than 60,000 new jobs and invest $14.5 billion into the Indiana economy. [10] By the end of the administration, IEDC claimed to have closed on almost 1,500 deals to create a projected 169,000 new jobs since 2005.[51]
During a 12-day trade mission in Asia, Daniels visited Indiana soldiers serving on the border of the Korean Demilitarized Zone. On the 56th anniversary of the start of the Korean War, he laid a bouquet of white flowers at the base of a plaque listing 900 soldiers from Indiana who died in the war. During the visit he met with Asian auto executives and successfully promoted the expansion of facilities in Indiana.[52]
In 2006, the IEDC topped its 2005 results. It landed three high-profile automotive investments from Toyota, Honda, and Cummins. In 2007, the IEDC announced its third consecutive record-breaking year for new investment and job commitments in Indiana with its largest deal being made with BP to construct $3.2 billion in facilities to assist in recovery of fuel from the Canadian tar sands.[10][46]
In March 2010, WTHR Indianapolis News published a story claiming that as of that date, up to 40% of the jobs the corporation reported to have helped create had not come to fruition. The IEDC revised the numbers in response to the report, claiming that just 13% of the job commitments they had received had not come to fruition as of 2010.[53]
Healthy Indiana Plan[edit]
In 2007, Daniels signed the Healthy Indiana Plan, which provided 132,000 uninsured Indiana workers with coverage. The program works by helping its beneficiaries purchase a private health insurance policy with a subsidy from the state. The plan promotes health screenings, early prevention services, and smoking cessation. It also provides tax credits for small businesses that create qualified wellness and Section 125 plans. The plan was paid for by an increase in the state’s tax on cigarettes and the reallocation of federal Medicaid funds through a special waiver granted by the federal government. In a September 15, 2007 Wall Street Journal column, Daniels was quoted as saying about the Healthy Indiana Plan and cigarette tax increase saying, “A consumption tax on a product you'd just as soon have less of doesn't violate the rules I learned under Ronald Reagan."[54]
The plan allows low to moderate income households where the members have no access to employer provided healthcare to apply for coverage. The fee for coverage is calculated using a formula that results in a charge between 2%–5% of a person's income. A $1,100 annual deductible is standard on all policies and allows applicants to qualify for a health savings account. The plan pays a maximum of $300,000 in annual benefits.[55]
WGU Indiana[edit]
Western Governors University of Indiana is the eighth university in Indiana and was formed with the support of Gov. Mitch Daniels in 2010.[56] The purpose of the new on-line university is to increase education opportunities for working adults across Indiana. In December 2012 WGU Indiana celebrated its 500th graduate.[57]
Property tax reform[edit]
See also: Taxation in Indiana
In 2008, Daniels proposed a property tax ceiling of one percent on residential properties, two percent for rental properties and three percent for businesses. The plan was approved by the Indiana General Assembly on March 14, 2008 and signed by Daniels on March 19, 2008. In 2008, Indiana homeowners had an average property tax cut of more than 30 percent; a total of $870 million in tax cuts. Most money collected through property taxes funds local schools and county government. To offset the loss in revenues to the municipal bodies, the state raised the sales tax from 6% to 7% effective April 1, 2008.[58]
Fearing a future government may overturn the statute enforcing property tax rate caps, Daniels and other state Republican leaders pressed for an amendment to add the new tax limits to the state constitution. The proposed amendment was placed on the 2010 General election ballot and was a major focus of Daniels' reelection campaign. In November 2010, voters elected to adopt the tax caps into the Indiana Constitution.[59]
Daniels' successes at balancing the state budget began to be recognized nationally near the end of his first term. Daniels was named on the 2008 "Public Officials of the Year" by the Governing magazine.[60] The same year, he received the 2008 Urban Innovator Award from the Manhattan Institute for his ideas for dealing with the state's fiscal and urban problems.[61]
Voter registration[edit]
Main article: Crawford v. Marion County Election Board
In the 2005 session of the General Assembly, Daniels and Republicans, with some Democratic support, successfully enacted a voter registration law that required voters to show a government issued photo ID before they could be permitted to vote. The law was the first of its kind in the United States, and many civil rights organizations, like the ACLU, opposed the bill saying it would unfairly impact minorities, poor, and elderly voters who may be unable to afford an ID or may be physically unable to apply for an ID. To partially address those concerns, the state passed another law authorizing state license branches to offer free state photo ID cards to individuals who did not already possess another type of state ID.[62]
A coalition of civil rights groups began a court challenge of the bill in Indiana state courts, and the Daniels' administration defended the government in the case. The Indiana Supreme Court ruled in favor of the state in late 2007. The petitioners appealed the bill to the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit, and that body upheld the State Supreme Court decision in the case of Crawford v. Marion County Election Board. Upon appeal the United States Supreme Court also ruled in favor of the state in April 2008, setting a legal precedent. Several other states subsequently enacted similar laws in the years following.[62]
Reelection campaign[edit]
See also: Indiana gubernatorial election, 2008




Mitch Daniels (left) talking to members of the Indiana National Guard.


Daniels entered the 2008 election year with a 51% approval rate, and 28% disapproval rate. Daniels' reelection campaign focused on the states unemployment rate, which had lowered during his time in office, the proposed property tax reform amendment, and the successful balancing of the state budget during his first term.[63]
On November 4, 2008, Daniels defeated Democratic candidate Jill Long Thompson and was elected to a second term as governor with 57.8% of votes.[64] He was reinaugurated on January 12, 2009. Washington Post blogger Chris Cillizza named the Daniels reelection campaign "The Best Gubernatorial Campaign of 2008" and noted that some Republicans were already bandying about his name for the 2012 presidential election.[65] Daniels garnered 20 percent of the African American vote and 37 percent of Latinos in his 2008 re-election campaign. He won with more votes than any candidate in the state's history.
On July 14, 2010 at the Indianapolis Museum of Art, Daniels was on hand to help announce the return of IndyCar Series chassis manufacturing to the state of Indiana.[66] Dallara Automobili will build a new technology center in Speedway, Indiana and the state of Indiana will subsidize the sale of the first 28 IndyCar chassis with a $150,000 discount.[67]
Daniels has been recognized for his commitment to fiscal discipline. He is a recent recipient of the Herman Kahn Award from the conservative think tank the Hudson Institute, of which he is a former president and CEO, and was one of the first to receive the Fiscy award for fiscal discipline.[68] A November 2010 poll gave Daniels a 75% approval rate.[69]
Second term[edit]




Governor Mitch Daniels in August 2010


Democrats won a majority in the Indiana House of Representatives in the 2006 and 2008 elections. This caused Indiana to have a divided government, with Democrats controlling the Indiana House of Representatives and the Republicans controlling the governor's office and the Indiana Senate. This also lead to a stalemate in the budget debate, which caused Mitch Daniels call a special session of the Indiana General Assembly. The state was faced with a $1 billion shortfall in revenue for the 2009–11 budget years. Daniels proposed a range of spending cuts and cost-saving measures in his budget proposal. The General Assembly approved some of his proposals, but relied heavily on the state's reserve funds to pay for the budget shortfall. Daniels signed the $27 billion two-year budget into law.
2011 legislative walkout[edit]
See also: 2011 Indiana legislative walkouts
In the 2010 mid-term elections, Republican super-majorities regained control of the House, and took control of the Senate, giving the party full control of General Assembly for the first time in Daniels' tenure as governor. The 2011 Indiana General Assembly's regular legislative session began in January and the large Republicans majorities attempted to implement a wide-ranging conservative agenda largely backed by Daniels. Most of the agenda had been "dormant" since Daniels' election due to divided control of the assembly.[70] In February, Republican legislators attempted to pass a right to work bill in the Indiana House of Representatives. The bill would have made it illegal for employees to be required to join a workers' union. Republicans argued that it would help the state attract new employers. Unable to prevent the measure from passing, Democratic legislators fled the state to deny the body quorum while several hundred protesters staged demonstrations at the capital. Minority walkouts are somewhat common in the state, occurring as recently as 2005.[71]
While Daniels supported the legislation, he believed the Republican lawmakers should drop the bill because it was not part of their election platform and deserved a period of public debate. Republicans subsequently dropped the bill, but the Democratic lawmakers still refused to return to the capital, demanding additional bills be tabled, including a bill to create a statewide school voucher program. Their refusal to return left the Indiana General Assembly unable to pass any legislation, until three of the twelve bills they objected to were dropped from the agenda on March 28. The minority subsequently returned to the statehouse to resume their duties.[71]
Daniels was interviewed in February 2011 about the similar 2011 Wisconsin budget protests in Madison. While supporting the Wisconsin Republicans, he said that in Indiana "we're not in quite the same position or advocating quite the same things they are up in Madison."[72]
Education[edit]
Following the legislative walkouts, the assembly began passing most of the agenda and Daniels signed the bills into law. Written in collaboration with Indiana Superintendent of Public Instruction Tony Bennett, a series of education reform laws made a variety of major changes to statewide public schools. A statewide school voucher program was enacted. Children in homes with an income under $41,000 could receive vouchers equal to 90% of the cost of their public school tuition and use that money to attend a private school. It provides lesser benefits to households with income over $41,000. The program will be gradually phased in over a three-year period and would be available to all state residents by 2014.[70][73][74]
Other funds were redirected to creating and expanding charter schools, and expanding college scholarship programs. The law also created a merit pay system to give better performing teachers higher wages, and gave broader authority to school superintendents to terminate the employment of teachers and restricts the collective bargaining rights of teachers.[73]
WGU Indiana was established through an executive order on June 14, 2010 by Daniels, as a partnership between the state and Western Governors University in an effort to expand access to higher education for Indiana residents and increase the percentage of the state’s adult population with education beyond high school.
Curriculum and funding[edit]
In July 2013, the Associated Press obtained emails under Indiana open record laws in which Daniels asked for assurances that a textbook, "The People's History of the United States," written by historian Howard Zinn "is not in use anywhere in Indiana." Daniels wrote in 2010, "This crap should not be accepted for any credit by the state."[75][76][77][78][79] Daniels' e-mails were addressed to Scott Jenkins, his education adviser, and David Shane, a top fundraiser and state school board member. Daniels and his aides came to agreement and the governor wrote to them, “Go for it. Disqualify propaganda ...." Part of Shane's input was that a statewide review “would force to daylight a lot of excrement.”[77] Though Teresa Lubbers, the state commissioner of higher education, was mentioned in the e-mails regarding the statewide review of courses, she later said that she "was never asked to conduct the survey of courses described in the e-mail exchanges, and that her office did not conduct such a survey".[76]
In one of the emails, Daniels expressed contempt for Zinn upon his death:

This terrible anti-American academic has finally passed away...The obits and commentaries mentioned his book, ‘A People’s History of the United States,’ is the ‘textbook of choice in high schools and colleges around the country.’ It is a truly execrable, anti-factual piece of disinformation that misstates American history on every page. Can someone assure me that it is not in use anywhere in Indiana? If it is, how do we get rid of it before more young people are force-fed a totally false version of our history?[80]

Three years later, in the wake of the revelations, 90 of Purdue's roughly 1,800 professors issued an open letter expressing their concern over Daniels' commitment to academic freedom.[81][82] Daniels responded by saying that if Zinn were alive and a member of the Purdue faculty, he would defend his free speech rights and right to publish.[83] In a letter responding to the professors, Daniels wrote, "In truth, my emails infringed on no one's academic freedom and proposed absolutely no censorship of any person or viewpoint."[75]
In a separate and unrelated round of emails composed in 2009, Indiana Education officials shared concerns with Daniels about the lobbying resources and activities of the Indiana Urban Schools Association. Daniels asked that the administration "examine cutting them out, at least of the [funding] 'surge' we are planning for the next couple yrs." The executive director of IUSA is Charles Little, an Indiana University-Purdue University Indianapolis professor of education, who had criticized him. It wasn’t immediately clear if the audit went through.[75] Daniels said he had never heard of Charles Little.[84]
Abortion[edit]
On April 27, 2011, the Indiana legislature passed a bill authored by State Rep. Eric Turner that prohibited taxpayer dollars from supporting organizations that performed abortions. The legislation also prohibited abortions for women more than 20 weeks pregnant, four weeks sooner than the previous law.[85] Although Daniels would later say he supported the bill from the outset, it was not part of his legislative agenda and he did not indicate whether he would sign or veto the law until after it passed the General Assembly.[86] Daniels signed the bill on May 10, 2011.[85]
Planned Parenthood and the ACLU subsequently brought a lawsuit against the state alleging it was being targeted unfairly, that the state law violated federal medicaid laws, and that their Fourteenth Amendment rights were violated. A May 11 ruling allowing the case to move forward, but denied the request from the petitioners to grant a temporary injunction to restore the funding;[87] however, a June 24 ruling prohibited the state from enforcing the law.[88]
Immigration[edit]
On May 10 Daniels signed into law two immigration bills; one denying in-state tuition prices to illegal immigrants and another creating fines for employers that employed illegal immigrants. Several protestors, at least five of whom were illegal immigrants, were arrested while protesting the law at the statehouse when they broke into Daniels' office after being denied a meeting. Student leaders called for their release, while some state legislators called for their deportation.[89]
State Democratic Party leaders accused Daniels and the Republicans of passing controversial legislation only to enhance Daniels' image so he could seek the presidency. Daniels, however, denied the charges, saying he would have enacted the same agenda years earlier had the then-Democratic majority permitted him to do so.[70]
Budget cuts[edit]
The state forecast continued revenue declines in 2010 that would result in a $1.7 billion budget shortfall if the state budget grew at its normal rate. Daniels submitted a two-year $27.5 billion spending plan to the General Assembly which would result in a $500 million surplus that would be used to rebuild the state reserve funds to $1 billion. He proposed a wide range of budget austerity measures, including employee furloughing, spending reductions, freezing state hiring, freezing state employee wages, and a host of administrative changes for state agencies. The state had already been gradually reducing its workforce by similar freezes, and by 2011, Indiana had the fewest state employees per capita than any other state—a figure Daniels touted to say Indiana had the nation's smallest government.[90][91]
Daniels backed the creation of additional toll roads, expanding on his 2006 overhaul of the Indiana Toll Road system (known as "Major Moves"), in an attempt to secure an additional source of revenue for the state. But opposition from within his own party led to the bill being withdrawn by its Republican sponsor, Sen. Tom Wyss, which resulted in Daniels's only significant legislative defeat during the 2011 session.[74]
The legislative walkouts delayed progress on the budget passage for nearly two months, but the House of Representatives was able to begin working on it in committee in April. The body made several alterations to the bill, including a reapportionment of education funding based more heavily on the number of students at a school, and removing some public school funding to finance the new voucher system and charter schools.[91]
Energy[edit]
Daniels announced in October 2006 that a substitute natural gas company intended to build a facility in southern Indiana that would produce pipeline quality substitute natural gas (SNG).[92] The lead investor was Leucadia National, which proposed a $2.6 billion plant in Rockport, Indiana. Under the terms of the deal endorsed by Daniels, the state would buy almost all the Rockport gas and resell it on the open market throughout the country. If the plant made money from the sale, excess profits would be split between Leucadia National's Indiana subsidiary, Indiana Gassification, and the state. If it lost money from the sale, then 100% of the losses would be passed onto Indiana consumers. Leucadia agreed to reimburse the state for any losses, up to $150 million over 30 years.[93] Gas from the plant would make up about 17 percent of the state's supply. Critics feared that if gas prices fell over the next 30 years, the costs of the lost profits would be passed onto the bills of residents once the $150 million guarantee by Leucadia was used up.[93] The deal also received criticism due to government intrusion in the energy markets.[94] Questions were also raised due to Leucadia National hiring Mark Lubbers to promote the deal. Lubbers is a former aide and close friend of Daniels.[95] The Daniels administration maintained that the plant would create jobs in an economically depressed part of the state and offer environmental benefits through an in-state energy source.[33] The project was ultimately panned by the state legislature in 2013.[96]
Right to Work[edit]
Indiana became the first state in a decade to adopt Right to Work legislation.[97] Indiana is home to many manufacturing jobs. The Indiana Economic Development Corp. has reported that 90 firms said the new law was an important factor in deciding to move to Indiana.[98] Gov. Daniels signed the legislation on Feb 1, 2012 without much fanfare in the hopes of dispersing labor protesters before the Super Bowl in Indianapolis.[99]
2012 presidential speculation[edit]
Although Daniels had claimed to be reluctant to seek higher office, many media outlets, including Politico, The Weekly Standard, Forbes, The Washington Post, CNN, The Economist, and The Indianapolis Star began to speculate that Daniels may intend to seek the Republican nomination for president in 2012 after he joined the national debate on cap and trade legislation by penning a response in The Wall Street Journal to policies espoused by the Democratic-majority Congress and the White House in August 2010.[49][100] The speculation has included Daniels' record of reforming government, reducing taxes, balancing the budget, and connecting with voters in Indiana.[101][102][103][104] Despite his signing into law of bills that toughened drug enforcement, regulated abortion, and a defense of marriage act, he has angered some conservatives because of his call for a "truce" on social issues so the party can focus on fiscal issues.[citation needed] His "willingness to consider tax increases to rectify a budget deficit" has been another source of contention.[105]
In August 2010, The Economist praised Daniels' "reverence for restraint and efficacy" and concluded that "he is, in short, just the kind of man to relish fixing a broken state—or country."[49] Nick Gillespie of Reason called Daniels "a smart and effective leader who is a serious thinker about history, politics, and policy," and wrote that "Daniels, like former New Mexico Gov. Gary Johnson, is a Republican who knows how to govern and can do it well."[106] In February 2011, David Brooks of The New York Times described Daniels as the "Party's strongest [would be] candidate", predicting that he "couldn't match Obama in grace and elegance, but he could on substance."[107]
On December 12, 2010, Daniels suggested in a local interview that he would decide on a White House run before May 2011.[108]
Different groups and individuals pressured Daniels to run for office.[109] In response to early speculation, Daniels dismissed a presidential run in June 2009, saying "I've only ever run for or held one office. It's the last one I'm going to hold."[110] However, in February 2010 he told a Washington Post reporter that he was open to the idea of running in 2012.[111]
On March 6, 2011, Daniels was the winner of an Oregon (Republican Party) straw poll. Daniels drew 29.33% of the vote, besting second place finisher Mitt Romney (22.66%) and third place finisher Sarah Palin (18.22%), and was the winner of a similar straw poll in the state of Washington.[112] On May 5, 2011, Daniels told an interviewer that he would announce "within weeks" his decision of whether or not to run for the Republican presidential nomination. He said he felt he was not prepared to debate on all the national issues, like foreign policy, and needed time to better understand the issues and put together formal positions.[113] Later in May, as the Republican field began to resolve with announcements and withdrawals of other candidates, Time said, "Even setting aside his somewhat unusual family situation, Daniels would need to hurry to put together an organization" and raise enough money if he intended to run.[114]
Daniels announced he would not seek the Republican nomination for the presidency on the night of May 21, 2011, via an email to the press, citing family constraints and the loss of privacy the family would experience should he become a candidate.[115]
2016 presidential speculation[edit]
In January 2014, the Republican National Committee sent an email to subscribers, asking them to pick their top three presidential choices. The poll included thirty two potential candidates including Daniels.[116] In March 2015, Fortune Magazine named Daniels No. 41 on its list of the world's 50 greatest leaders, generating a new round of calls for Daniels to consider his options in 2016. Daniels was the only American university president and the only national political figure (excluding Detroit Mayor Mike Duggan,) to make the global list.[117]
Purdue University[edit]




Purdue University President Mitch Daniels talks with Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack in 2014


Selection[edit]
The Purdue University Board of Trustees unanimously elected Mitch Daniels president of Purdue University on June 21, 2012. As governor, Daniels had appointed 8 of the 10 Board members and had reappointed the other two, which critics claimed was a conflict of interest. A state investigation released in October 2012 found that the circumstances did not violate the Indiana Code of Ethics.[118] Other critics of his selection pointed out that unlike previous Purdue presidents, he lacked a background in academia.[119] His term as president began upon completion of his term as governor in January 2013. In preparation for his term as President of Purdue University, Daniels stopped participating in partisan political activity during the 2012 election cycle and focused instead on issues related to higher education and fiscal matters.
In order to avoid the financial cost of a formal inauguration, Daniels instead wrote an "Open Letter to the People of Purdue" in which he documented the challenges facing higher education and outlined his initial priorities such as affordability, academic excellence and academic freedom.[120] Daniels has continued this practice, opting to send Open Letters to the Purdue community instead of giving a formal State of the University speech, as is more common in higher education.
Student interactions[edit]
Daniels works out daily at the student gym and eats frequently with students in student dining facilities.[121] In March 2013, he joined forces with a group of engineering students to create a viral music video promoting engineering and Purdue University. Within 24 hours, the video had received over 50,000 views.[122]
Purdue home football games feature a segment entitled "Where's Mitch?", in which, the stadium video board shows the camera panning the crowd and eventually finding Daniels sitting among the fans, sometimes in the student section. Former Purdue presidents rarely left their suite in the press-box structure.
Tuition freezes and cost reductions[edit]
The total cost of attending Purdue has fallen since Daniels assumed Purdue’s presidency, despite a trend at Big Ten institutions of rising costs. Total loan debt among the student body has also fallen 30% or $55 million.[123] Tuition at Purdue, prior to Daniels’ arrival had increased every year since 1976.[124] Two months after Daniels assumed his role as president, Purdue announced it would freeze tuition for two years, eventually extending the freeze for six years, through 2019. As a result, multiple graduating classes have become the first in at least 40 years to leave Purdue having never experienced a tuition increase,[125][126] in-state tuition is more than $1,000 lower than if the university had raised rates at the national average, and students and families have saved more than $226 million in educational expenses.[127]
Daniels announced the first tuition freeze before the state had determined Purdue's funding for the next biennium. Amidst questions about the timing, Daniels argued that he didn't need to wait because "it doesn't matter what the General Assembly does. This is the right thing to do and we are going to do it...the same way families do; the same way some governments do and all businesses do. We are going to adjust our spending to what we believe is the available and in this case the fair amount of revenue. I know often with good reason there has been an opportunity in higher education to adjust tuition to match what the place wanted to spend, and I just think we've reached the point where we ought to break that pattern."[128] The first tuition freeze required the university to find $40 million in savings or new revenue. In order to make up for the lost revenue from tuition freezes, Daniels and the Purdue Board of Trustees focused on finding operating efficiencies such as consolidating information technology data centers, investing cash reserves and switching to a consumer-driven health plan for employees.[129]
Daniels also reduced meal plan rates for students by 10 percent, froze housing costs and cut the university's cooperative education fees which had increased every year prior on record.[130][131] In fall 2014, Daniels announced a deal with Amazon to save students on textbooks and provide students, faculty and staff with free one day shipping to locations on campus.[132] Daniels has stated that the Amazon partnership saves students more than $550,000 a semester and has provided Purdue with $400,000 in new scholarship funds.[133]
Agenda[edit]
In September 2013, Daniels announced the major priorities of his administration, known as "Purdue Moves."[134] The plan continued Daniels’ focus on affordability but also called for new investments[135] such as the hiring of 165 new faculty in STEM disciplines, expansion of flipped classrooms, growing summer enrollment, investments in plant science and drug discovery research, and the creation of Competency-based degree[136] programs and some 3-year degree options. The Purdue Moves also emphasized commercialization of research. Under Daniels leadership, Purdue increased the number of affiliated start-up companies by more than 400 percent and broke the university record for patents.[137]
In 2015, Daniels announced plans to start the Purdue Polytechnic Indianapolis high school, designed to be a bridge for inner-city students to Purdue by admitting graduates directly to Purdue. Daniels described the high school as an attempt to increase the number of low-income, first-generation and minority students who are prepared for Purdue.[138] The high school will not open until 2017, but Purdue reported record levels of minority and underrepresented students in the Fall 2016 semester.[137]
Daniels also has emphasized free speech and inquiry by becoming the first public institution to adopt the Chicago principles for free speech and inquiry and one of roughly two dozen universities to receive the highest rating from the Foundation for Individual Rights in Education
In 2017, Daniels and the Purdue Board of Trustees announced its intention to acquire Kaplan University for the purpose of transforming it into an online Purdue program.[139]
Compensation[edit]
When Daniels was hired by Purdue he requested that his salary be less than his predecessors maximum salary and that 30 percent of his take home be based on the results of biannual performance reviews. Daniel’s base salary of $420,000 is $135,000 less than the prior president’s salary. Under the contract, his salary can grow to a maximum of $546,000 based on the results of a performance-bonus system—still less than his predecessor and the 3rd lowest in the 14-member Big Ten.[140] In November 2014, Daniels earned 88 percent of his at risk pay, receiving the grade of a B+ from the Trustees.[141]
Board service[edit]
In February 2013, Daniels was asked to co-chair a National Research Council committee to review and make recommendations on the future of the U.S. human spaceflight program. Daniels also co-chairs a Council on Foreign Relations Task Force on NonCommunicable diseases.[142] In March 2013, Daniels was elected to the board of Energy Systems Network (ESN), Indiana’s industry-driven clean technology initiative.
In June 2015, Daniels was elected to serve on the board of directors for Indiana Software company Interactive Intelligence (ININ).[143]
Electoral history[edit]
Main articles: Indiana gubernatorial election, 2004 and Indiana gubernatorial election, 2008

Indiana gubernatorial election, 2004

Party
Candidate
Votes
%
±



Republican
Mitch Daniels
1,302,912
53.2




Democratic
Joe Kernan (Incumbent)
1,113,900
45.5




Libertarian
Kenn Gividen
31,664
1.3




Indiana gubernatorial election, 2008

Party
Candidate
Votes
%
±



Republican
Mitch Daniels (Incumbent)
1,542,371
57.8




Democratic
Jill Long Thompson
1,067,863
40.1




Libertarian
Andy Horning
56,651
2.1



Authorship[edit]

Daniels, Mitch (2012), Aiming Higher: Words That Changed a State, IBJ Book Publishing, ISBN 978-1-934922-86-6 
Daniels, Mitch (2011), Keeping the Republic: Saving America by Trusting Americans, Sentinel, ISBN 978-1-59523-080-5 
Daniels, Mitch (2004), Notes from the Road: 16 months of towns, tales and tenderloins, Mitch Daniels Transition Team, ISBN 978-0-9766026-0-6 

Honors[edit]

Order of the Rising Sun, 2nd Class, Gold and Silver Star (2017)

See also[edit]


Biography portal
Conservatism portal
Indiana portal
Politics portal



List of Governors of Indiana


References[edit]


^ Vaughan, Martin A. (June 11, 2008). "States Move To Cut, Cap Property Taxes As Home Values Decline, Many Will Have to Make Up Lost Revenue by Other Means". Wall Street Journal. 
^ Leonhardt, David (January 4, 2011). "Budget Hawk Eyes Deficit". nytimes.com. 
^ Davey, Monica (February 1, 2012). "Indiana Governor Signs a Law Creating a ‘Right to Work’ State". nytimes.com. 
^ York, Byron (June 4, 2009). "Can Mitch Daniels save the GOP?". Washington Examiner. Retrieved 2013-01-18. 
^ Will, George F. (2010-02-07). "Charting a simple road to government solvency". Washington Post. Retrieved 2012-04-06. 
^ Douthat, Ross (2010-03-01). "A Republican Surprise". The New York Times. Retrieved 2010-05-12. 
^ King, Neil (2011-05-22). "Daniels Withdraws From Presidential Race". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved 2011-05-22. odyssey=tab%7Cmostpopular%7Ctext%7CFRONTPAGE
^ "Governor Fun Facts". State of Indiana. Archived from the original on 2009-01-16. Retrieved 2009-01-04. 
^ "Gov. Daniels says White House speculation reinforced Syrian roots". Archived from the original on 9 January 2013. Retrieved 5 July 2012. 
^ a b c d e f "Indiana Governor Mitch Daniels". National Governors Association. Archived from the original on September 30, 2007. Retrieved 2008-07-09. 
^ a b c d e Gugin, p. 404
^ "2009 Kahlil Gibran Gala". Arab American Institute. Archived from the original on 2010-12-02. Retrieved 2010-11-09. 
^ "Ancestry of Mitch Daniels". Wargs.com. Retrieved 2012-04-06. 
^ At Statesmen's Dinner, Republicans urged to flip Obama's slogan on its head[dead link]
^ a b c d Indianapolis Monthly. 25. April 2002. pp. 142–45. ISSN 0899-0328. 
^ "Presidential Scholars". Presidential Scholars Association. Archived from the original on 2011-03-04. Retrieved 2011-03-11. 
^ a b Schleifer, Teddy (February 24, 2011). "Daniels '71: Into the spotlight". The Daily Princetonian. Archived from the original on February 27, 2011. Retrieved 2011-02-28. 
^ "Democrats want more info on Daniels' arrest". Wthr.com. 1970-05-14. Retrieved 2012-04-06. 
^ Sullum, Jacob (2011-03-02) Mitch Daniels' Pot Luck, Reason
^ a b c d e "Mitch Daniels". IndyStar. 11 January 2005. Retrieved 2008-07-09. 
^ Daniels, Mitch, The Washington Post, August 22, 1989, accessed May 2, 2011.
^ "Public-Relations Pair to Join Lugar Staff." Indianapolis Star, 07 December, 1974, p. 26: "Daniels, 25, a CCI vice-president who worked in Lugar's office as a summer interne [sic] in 1969 and 1970…"
^ "About the Governor: Mitchell E. Daniels, Jr., Governor of Indiana". in.gov. Archived from the original on 2011-05-11. Retrieved 2011-05-05. 
^ "Twenty Largest Indiana Public Companies" (PDF). Indiana State Auditor. 1998. Retrieved 2011-04-14. 
^ a b Ferguson, Andrew (2010-06-14). "Ride Along With Mitch". The Weekly Standard. Retrieved 2011-04-14. 
^ "The Eli Lilly Years". gooznewsauthor=Kensen, Joanne. May 11, 2011. Retrieved 2012-05-12. 
^ "Mitch Daniels on Conversations with Bill Kristol". 
^ Slevin, Peter (2004-10-04). "In Indiana Race, Bush's Budget Blade Becomes 'My Man Mitch'". Washington Post. Retrieved 2008-12-28. President Bush admiringly called him "the Blade," for the gleam in his budget-cutting eye. 
^ a b "The Man Behind The Vaccine Mystery". CBS News. 2002-12-12. Retrieved 2017-05-28. 
^ "Homeland Bill Rider Aids Drugmakers". Washington Post. 2002-11-15. Retrieved 2017-05-28. 
^ a b Perelman, Michael (2005). Manufacturing Discontent. Pluto Press. pp. 113—114. ISBN 0745324061. 
^ "During Mitch Daniels’ decade at Eli Lilly, the drug giant paid billions in fines and settled thousands of lawsuits". The Center for Public Integrity. 2011-05-09. Retrieved 28 May 2017. 
^ a b Daniels, Mitchell E., Jr., "Remarks to The National Press Club", whitehouse.gov, 11/28/2001.
^ a b "Ross Douthat's Blog, 3 March 2010". The New York Times. 2010-03-03. Retrieved 2011-03-10. 
^ a b c Douthat, Ross (2010-03-01). "A Republican Surprise". New York Times. 
^ nytimes.com, 2002/12/31.
^ cnn.com, 2003/01/01.
^ Bush to Seek $75 Billion to Fight War, Terrorism, March 25, 2003, Los Angeles Times. The total request was for $75 billion but only $53 billion went to Iraq operations. "The spending measure would cover these expenses to the end of this fiscal year—Sept. 30—according to a senior administration official who briefed reporters Monday."
^ CBO Congressional Testimony, October 24, 2007, Table 2, Pg. 4, in the 2003 column
^ CBO Appropriations for Iraq and Afghanistan[dead link]
^ a b c d e f Gugin, p. 402
^ a b Gugin, p. 403
^ Stoll, Ira (2010-03-08). "Mitch Daniels on the State of the Nation". Hudson Institute. Retrieved 2010-09-16. 
^ "Wisconsins Unions Get Ugly". Wall Street Journal. April 1, 2011. Retrieved 2011-05-09. 
^ a b "State Releases Budget Numbers". Inside Indiana Business. July 15, 2005. Archived from the original on 2013-08-24. Retrieved 2011-05-13. 
^ a b c d Hemmingway, Mark (2009). "Mitch the Knife". National Review. Archived from the original on August 9, 2011. Retrieved 2011-05-08. 
^ a b c d Gugin, p. 405 Cite error: Invalid <ref> tag; name "g495" defined multiple times with different content (see the help page).
^ Mwape, James Muma (2009). Guide to Electronic Toll Payments. Xulon Press. ISBN 978-1-61579-364-8. 
^ a b c "Mitch Daniels: The right stuff". The Economist. 2010-08-19. Retrieved 2010-09-17. 
^ Gugin, p. 206
^ "Fact No. 36". Top 100 Facts about the Daniels Administration. 
^ "Governor visits Indiana troops in South Korea". Indystar.com. 25 June 2006. 
^ "Reality Check: Indiana job numbers don't add up". March 1, 2010. 
^ Barnes, Fred (September 15, 2007). "Hoosier Jump Shot". The Wall Street Journal. (Subscription required (help)). 
^ "Health Indiana Plan". HealthyIndianaPlan.org. Archived from the original on 2011-07-15. Retrieved 2011-05-11. 
^ Lederman, Doug (2010-07-14). "Indiana teams up with WGU to educate adults online". USA Today. 
^ insideindianabusiness.com Archived 2015-04-10 at the Wayback Machine..
^ "Governor Signs Property Tax Relief Bill" (PDF). IN.gov. 2010-03-19. Archived from the original (PDF) on 2011-08-10. Retrieved 2011-03-01. 
^ "Indiana Voters OK property tax cap". Indianapolis Business Journal. Associated Press. November 2, 2010. Retrieved 2011-01-03. 
^ Goodman, Josh (2008). "Public Officials of the Year". Governing magazine. Retrieved 2010-09-17. 
^ "2008 Urban Innovator Award Winner". Manhattan Institute. 2008-10-08. Archived from the original on 2010-09-11. Retrieved 2010-09-17. 
^ a b Barns, Robert (April 29, 2008). "High Court Upholds Indiana Voter Registration Law". Washington Post. Retrieved 2011-05-13. 
^ "Governor Mitch Daniels Well-Positioned Entering Election Year". Republican Governors' Association. 2010. Retrieved 2011-03-01. 
^ "Indiana – Election Results 2008 – The New York Times". Elections.nytimes.com. 2008-12-09. Retrieved 2012-04-06. 
^ Cillizza, Chris. "The Best Gubernatorial Campaign of 2008". Voices.washingtonpost.com. Retrieved 2012-04-06. 
^ Van Wyk, Rich. "Dallara picked for new IndyCar chassis". WTHR-TV. Retrieved 2010-08-02. 
^ "Dallara commits to new Speedway facility". IndyCar Series. Archived from the original on 2010-07-28. Retrieved 2010-08-02. 
^ "Award Recipients". Fiscy. Retrieved 2011-02-17. 
^ Trinko, Katrina (November 18, 2010). "Mitch Daniels’s Next Hurdle". National Review. Retrieved 2011-03-09. 
^ a b c Weidenbener, Lesley (May 1, 2011). "title unknown". Louisville Courier-Journal. pp. A1, A18. 
^ a b "Democratic lawmakers leave Indiana, block labor bill". Indianapolis Business Journal. Associated Press. February 22, 2011. Retrieved 2011-03-01. 
^ "State Budgets and Public Unions", transcript, The Diane Rehm Show, 2011-02-21. Retrieved 2011-02-22.
^ a b Allen, Kevin (April 22, 2011). "Indiana OKs Voucher program". South Bend Tribune. Archived from the original on September 27, 2011. Retrieved 2011-04-25. 
^ a b Shella, Jim (April 25, 2011). "DANIEls Chalks Up Legislative Wins". WISHTV News. Archived from the original on 2012-03-20. Retrieved 2011-04-25. 
^ a b c "Read Mitch Daniels emails about Howard Zinn", Journal & Courier, July 17, 2013.
^ a b Jaschik, Scott, "The Governor's Bad List", Inside Higher Ed, July 17, 2013.
^ a b "As governor, Mitch Daniels looked to censor academic writings and courses", Indystar.com, Jul. 16, 2013.
^ Rothschild, Matthew, "How Mitch Daniels Had It In for Howard Zinn", progressive.org, July 17, 2013.
^ "Censoring Howard Zinn: Former Indiana Gov. Tried to Remove 'A People’s History' from State Schools", DemocracyNow!, July 22, 2013. Including interviews with Anthony Arnove, co-editor with Zinn of "Voices of a People’s History of the United States," and Cornel West, professor at Union Theological Seminary and, formerly, at Princeton and Harvard. Retrieved 2013-07-22.
^ Ohlheiser, Abby. "Former Governor, Now Purdue President, Wanted Howard Zinn Banned in Schools". Atlantic Wire. Retrieved 14 August 2013. 
^ Wang, Stephanie. "Purdue faculty 'troubled' by Mitch Daniels' Howard Zinn comments". Indianapolis Star. Retrieved 14 August 2013. 
^ LoBianco, Tom (2013-07-22). "Mitch Daniels Letter: Purdue Professors Blast Former GOP Gov Over Howard Zinn Comments". Huffington Post. Retrieved 14 August 2013. 
^ Krull, John. "Daniels says issue is not freedom but Zinn's scholarship". Evansville Courier & Press. Retrieved 14 August 2013. 
^ Kehoe, Troy, "Daniels says report 'distorted' emails" Archived 2013-07-19 at the Wayback Machine., WISH-TV.com, July 17, 2013. "The former governor said he had never heard of Charles Little prior to this week..."
^ a b House Bill 1210, Indiana General Assembly 2011 Session.
^ Indiana Gov. Daniels to Sign Bill Defunding Planned Parenthood, April 29, 2011
^ Gillers, Heather (May 11, 2011). "Planned Parenthood eyes restraining order". USA Today. Retrieved 2011-05-11. 
^ Guyett, Susan (2011-06-25). "Indiana can't end Planned Parenthood funds: judge". Reuters. Retrieved 2011-08-25. 
^ Nye, Charlie (May 11, 2011). "Immigration bills signed amid arrests". IndyStar.com. Indianapolis Star. Retrieved 2011-05-11. 
^ "Ways and Means Presentation" (PDF). Governor's Office. March 2011. Retrieved 14 May 2011. 
^ a b Carden, Dan (2011-04-28). "State budget set for final vote : Elections". Nwitimes.com. Retrieved 2012-06-19. 
^ Indiana advances leadership in clean coal technology., Indiana Governor History, March 24, 2009.
^ a b Evanoff, Ted (January 2, 2011). "Daniels takes natural gas bet that others refused". Indianapolis Star. Retrieved 2012-02-15. 
^ Bradner, Eric (2010-12-16). "State, developers reach agreement on Rockport, Ind., gasification plant". Courier & Press. Retrieved 2013-04-29. 
^ Welsh, Gary (May 1, 2011). "Lubbers: Critics Of Coal Gasification Deal Are Sneaky And Evil". Advance Indiana. Retrieved 2012-02-15. 
^ Bradner, Eric (2013-04-27). "BRADNER: Rockport plant will never be". Retrieved 2013-04-29. 
^ economist.com.
^ "Indiana adopts right to work". 
^ wbez.org.
^ Daniels, Mitch (15 May 2009). "Indiana Says 'No Thanks' to Cap and Trade". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ Zickar, Lou (18 May 2009). "The innovators of today's GOP". 
^ Robinson, Peter (15 May 2009). "The Future Of The GOP". Forbes. 
^ Cillizza, Chris (12 May 2009). "Can Mitch Daniels Save the GOP?". The Washington Post. 
^ Tully, Matthew (17 May 2009). "How do Daniels' moves add up?". Archived from the original on 10 April 2015. 
^ Silver, Nate (2011-02-04) A Graphical Overview of the 2012 Republican Field, New York Times
^ Gillespie, Nick (2011-01-05) NY Times Flips its Whig Over Gov. Mitch Daniels (R-Ind.), Reason
^ Brooks, David (February 25, 2011). "Run Mitch, Run". New York Times. Retrieved 2011-03-01. 
^ ^ Mellinger, Mark (2010-12-16). "Daniels to decide on WH run before May" Archived 2010-12-17 at the Wayback Machine., WANE.com. Retrieved 2010-12-16.
^ Various (2 January 2011). "Student Initiative to Draft Daniels". 
^ "Daniels Ends 2012 Speculation". RealClearPolitics.com. 3 June 2009. Retrieved 4 June 2009. 
^ Cook, Dave (February 23, 2010). "Mitch Daniels open to presidential run, despite '100 reasons' to pass". Christian Science Monitor. Retrieved 2011-05-05. 
^ Mapes, Jeff (6 March 2011). "Indiana Gov. Mitch Daniels wins GOP presidential straw poll in Oregon". The Oregonian. Retrieved 7 March 2011. 
^ Haberman, Maggie (May 5, 2011). "Mitch Daniels". Politico. Retrieved 2011-05-06. 
^ Duffy, Michael, "Seven Days in May: How One Week Clarified the GOP Field, Time magazine, May 15, 2011. Retrieved 2011-05-16.
^ Haberman, Maggie (May 22, 2011). "Mitch Daniels won't run in 2012". Politico. Retrieved May 22, 2011. 
^ Siddiqui, Sabrina (January 10, 2014). "Republican National Committee Polls Voters On 2016 Presidential Candidates". Huffington Post. Retrieved 2014-03-18. 
^ McGregor, Jena (March 26, 2015). "World's Greatest Leader List". Washington Post. Retrieved 27 May 2015. 
^ Thomas, David O. (October 16, 2012). The Governor as Purdue University President (PDF) (Report). Retrieved 2013-01-14. 
^ Russell, John; Sabalow, Ryan; Schneider, Mary Beth; Sikich, Chris (June 20, 2012). "Gov. Mitch Daniels pick called a coup for Purdue, but qualifications questioned". The Indianapolis Star. Retrieved 2013-01-14. 
^ Daniels, Mitch. "An Open Letter to the People of Purdue". 
^ Weddle, Eric (Jan 19, 2013). "Daniels begins Purdue term with 12-hour days, fact-finding tour". Journal & Courier. Retrieved May 29, 2013. 
^ Video on YouTube.
^ "Purdue student and parent borrowing down four years running". Purdue.edu. 
^ "Declining Costs of Attendance". Purdue University. 
^ "Trustees extend tuition freeze through 2015-16 academic year". Purdue.edu/newsroom. 
^ "Purdue trustees endorse WL campus tuition freeze, 2.5 percent merit pay increase". Purdue Newsroom. May 18, 2017. 
^ "Purdue to hold tuition flat through 2018-19". Purdue Newsroom. March 20, 2017. 
^ "Purdue President Mitch Daniels on Tuition Freeze Plan". Press Conference, quote is 35 seconds in. WBAA News. March 1, 2013. 
^ Colombo, Hayleigh (May 18, 2003). "Purdue near $40M target; less than 3 months after tuition freeze news". Journal & Courier. 
^ Colombo, Hayleigh (May 22, 2013). "Silence golden in vote on Purdue tuition freeze". Journal & Courier. Factoring in a 5 percent meal plan reduction and a more than 50 percent cut in Purdue’s co-op fee, Purdue estimates more than 10,000 students and families will save about $3.5 million total. 
^ "The Value of a Purdue Education". Purdue.edu/PurdueMoves. 
^ "Purdue, Amazon to offer students savings on textbooks, provide first-ever on-campus pickup services". Purdue Newsroom. August 13, 2014. 
^ "Keeping the doors of higher education wide open". purdue.edu. 
^ "Daniels provides additional details on Purdue campus initiatives". Purdue News. Sep 9, 2013. 
^ "Higher Education at the Highest Proven Value". http://www.purdue.edu/purduemoves/.  External link in |website= (help); Missing or empty |url= (help)
^ "Daniels awards prize for competency-based degree to Purdue Polytechnic Institute". Purdue Newsroom. September 4, 2014. 
^ a b "'Year of records' continues at Purdue". Purdue Newsroom. September 14, 2015. 
^ "Purdue Polytechnic High School to provide STEM pipeline". Purdue Newsroom. June 18, 2015. 
^ "Purdue to acquire Kaplan University, increase access for millions". Purdue Newsroom. April 27, 2017. 
^ "Purdue trims president's pay, breaks new ground for executive compensation", Purdue News, December 15, 2012.
^ Tyner, Brittany (November 5, 2014). "Daniels awarded $111K in at-risk pay". WLFI.com. 
^ "Independent Task Force on Noncommunicable Diseases". Council on Foreign Relations. February 2014. Archived from the original on 2015-02-13. 
^ "Interactive Intelligence Elects Mitch Daniels to Board of Directors (NASDAQ:ININ)". 



Gugin, Linda C.; St. Clair, James E, eds. (2006). The Governors of Indiana. Indianapolis, Indiana: Indiana Historical Society Press. ISBN 0-87195-196-7. 

External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Mitch Daniels.





Wikiquote has quotations related to: Mitch Daniels



Purdue University President Mitch Daniels Purdue University site
Appearances on C-SPAN



Political offices


Preceded by
Jack Lew
Director of the Office of Management and Budget
2001–2003
Succeeded by
Joshua Bolten


Preceded by
Joe Kernan
Governor of Indiana
2005–2013
Succeeded by
Mike Pence


Party political offices


Preceded by
David McIntosh
Republican nominee for Governor of Indiana
2004, 2008
Succeeded by
Mike Pence


Preceded by
Paul Ryan
Response to the State of the Union address
2012
Succeeded by
Marco Rubio


Academic offices


Preceded by
Timothy Sands
Acting
President of the Purdue University System
2013–present
Incumbent








v
t
e


Directors of the United States Office of Management and Budget






Dawes
Lord
Roop
Douglas
D. W. Bell
Smith
Webb
Pace
Lawton
Dodge
Hughes
Brundage
Stans
D. E. Bell
Gordon
Schultze
Zwick
Mayo
Shultz
Weinberger
Ash
Lynn
Lance
McIntyre
Stockman
Miller
Wright
Darman
Panetta
Rivlin
Raines
Lew
Daniels
Bolten
Portman
Nussle
Orszag
Lew
Burwell
Donovan
Mulvaney















v
t
e


Cabinet of President George W. Bush (2001–09)








Cabinet



Secretary of State



Colin Powell (2001–05)
Condoleezza Rice (2005–09)








Secretary of the Treasury



Paul H. O'Neill (2001–02)
John W. Snow (2003–06)
Henry Paulson (2006–09)





Secretary of Defense



Donald Rumsfeld (2001–06)
Robert Gates (2006–09)





Attorney General



John Ashcroft (2001–05)
Alberto Gonzales (2005–07)
Michael Mukasey (2007–09)





Secretary of the Interior



Gale Norton (2001–06)
Dirk Kempthorne (2006–09)





Secretary of Agriculture



Ann Veneman (2001–05)
Mike Johanns (2005–07)
Ed Schafer (2008–09)





Secretary of Commerce



Donald Evans (2001–05)
Carlos Gutierrez (2005–09)





Secretary of Labor



Elaine Chao (2001–09)





Secretary of Health and
Human Services



Tommy Thompson (2001–05)
Mike Leavitt (2005–09)





Secretary of Housing and
Urban Development



Mel Martinez (2001–03)
Alphonso Jackson (2003–08)
Steve Preston (2008–09)





Secretary of Transportation



Norman Mineta (2001–06)
Mary E. Peters (2006–09)





Secretary of Energy



Spencer Abraham (2001–05)
Samuel Bodman (2005–09)





Secretary of Education



Rod Paige (2001–05)
Margaret Spellings (2005–09)





Secretary of Veterans Affairs



Anthony Principi (2001–05)
Jim Nicholson (2005–07)
James Peake (2007–09)





Secretary of Homeland Security



Tom Ridge (2003–05)
Michael Chertoff (2005–09)













Cabinet-level



Vice President



Dick Cheney (2001–09)





White House Chief of Staff



Andrew Card (2001–06)
Joshua Bolten (2006–09)





Administrator of the
Environmental Protection Agency



Christine Todd Whitman (2001–03)
Mike Leavitt (2003–05)
Stephen L. Johnson (2005–09)





Director of the Office of
Management and Budget



Mitch Daniels (2001–03)
Joshua Bolten (2003–06)
Rob Portman (2006–07)
Jim Nussle (2007–09)





Director of National Drug
Control Policy



John P. Walters (2001–09)





Trade Representative



Robert Zoellick (2001–05)
Rob Portman (2005–06)
Susan Schwab (2006–09)















v
t
e


Presidents of Purdue University






Richard Owen (1872)
Abraham C. Shortridge (1874)
John S. Hougham # (1876)
Emerson E. White (1876)
James H. Smart (1883)
Winthrop E. Stone (1900)
Henry W. Marshall # (1921)
Edward C. Elliott (1922)
Andrey A. Potter # (1945)
Frederick L. Hovde (1946)
Arthur G. Hansen (1971)
John W. Hicks # (1982)
Steven C. Beering (1983)
Martin C. Jischke (2000)
France A. Córdova (2007)
Timothy Sands # (2012)
Mitch Daniels (2013)

Pound sign (#) denotes an acting or interim president











v
t
e


Governors of Indiana



Territorial (1800–16)



Harrison
Gibson (acting)
Posey








State (since 1816)



Jennings
Boon
W. Hendricks
Ray
Noble
Wallace
Bigger
J. Whitcomb
Dunning
Wright
Willard
Hammond
Lane
Morton
Baker
T. Hendricks
Williams
Gray
Porter
Gray
Hovey
Chase
Matthews
Mount
Durbin
Hanly
Marshall
Ralston
Goodrich
McCray
Branch
Jackson
Leslie
McNutt
Townsend
Schricker
Gates
Schricker
Craig
Handley
Welsh
Branigin
E. Whitcomb
Bowen
Orr
Bayh
O'Bannon
Kernan
Daniels
Pence
Holcomb







See also: Governor of Indiana








Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 53799327
LCCN: no2001039207










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Mitch_Daniels&oldid=789988566"					
Categories: Presidents of Purdue University1949 birthsAmerican people of English descentAmerican people of Levantine-Eastern Orthodox Christian descentAmerican people of Scottish descentAmerican people of Syrian descentAmerican politicians of Syrian descentCritics of ScientologyDirectors of the Office of Management and BudgetEli Lilly and CompanyGeorge W. Bush administration cabinet members21st-century American politiciansGeorgetown University Law Center alumniGovernors of IndianaIndiana RepublicansLiving peopleMiddle Eastern ChristiansPeople of Syrian descentOverseas Private Investment Corporation officialsPeople from Washington County, PennsylvaniaPoliticians from IndianapolisRepublican Party state governors of the United StatesWoodrow Wilson School of Public and International Affairs alumniHidden categories: Pages with reference errorsAll articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from December 2011Articles with dead external links from March 2017Pages with duplicate reference namesPages containing links to subscription-only contentWebarchive template wayback linksCS1 errors: external linksPages using web citations with no URLGood articlesAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from May 2011Wikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquote 



Languages


العربيةБългарскиCatalàDanskDeutschEspañolفارسیFrançaisNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsРусскийSimple EnglishSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиSuomiSvenskaУкраїнськаTiếng Việt中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 10 July 2017, at 21:57.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Mitch Daniels Finds Good Food and a Willingness to Change at Purdue - The Chronicle of Higher Education



 




























 


Skip to main content




Advertisement







Close 


Search the Chronicle


















Log In
 Sections





SUBSCRIBE TODAY







 Subscribe Today For
 Premium Access


Subscribe
Log In




 



News 

Opinion 

Data 

Advice 

Jobs 











 Subscribe Today For
 Premium Access




 Sections



Search the Chronicle






Featured:


Who’s Left to Defend Tommy Curry? 

A Reckoning at the U. of Florida 

Your Daily Briefing 

Presidential Pay 




Leadership & Governance: 

                                Mitch Daniels Finds Good Food and a Willingness to Change at Purdue                            



























 

Leadership & Governance
Mitch Daniels Finds Good Food and a Willingness to Change at Purdue
Mitchell E. Daniels Jr., Purdue University


                        By Eric Kelderman                    

                        October 19, 2015                    






 

                Video produced by Carmen Mendoza and Julia Schmalz            

                Purdue's president began his job in January 2013 with no leadership experience in academe. What he has learned since then is that small but meaningful changes can lead to big savings for students.            

 
ERIC KELDERMAN: We're here today with Mitch Daniels, currently the president of Purdue University since January, 2013 and before that, a very long career in politics and business, most notably as the Governor of Indiana. Welcome to The Chronicle, Mr. Daniels.
MITCHELL E. DANIELS JR: I appreciate being here.
ERIC KELDERMAN: Yeah, we're glad you could make it. You have become, I would say, something of a poster boy in news stories about university leaders that have come from outside academic backgrounds. And I want to know, from your point of view after almost three years on the job, when you look back, what are some of the most surprising or shocking or interesting things that you've learned about the university that you didn't know when you were, say, governor.
MITCHELL E. DANIELS JR: Oh, there are a lot of those. First of all, it's not that unusual. And I'm certainly not campaigning to be on anybody's poster There's a lot of people, many of whom I conferred with before I took up my duties-- David Boren, Bob Gates, lots and lots of people out there who came from other than a life in academia.
But still, plenty of surprises. Sometimes I start that answer by saying, the food. It's an extraordinary quality and variety of food that college students eat. I eat with students on a fairly frequent basis. And I always tease them about the fact that college food's not supposed to be like this.
 
Related Content


Mitch Daniels Isn't Rebuilding Purdue's Engine, He's Tuning It                           Premium


Former Governor's First Year of Leading Purdue Brings Him a Few Surprises 

A Faculty’s Stand on Trigger Warnings Stirs Fears Among Students                           Premium



 But likewise, I think I've been pleasantly surprised by the receptiveness, at least on the Purdue campus, of people to try some new things and to commit, in our case particularly, to keeping a Purdue education while still rigorous and undiluted, affordable.
ERIC KELDERMAN: Before you took over the job, you said you were pleasantly surprised at people's willingness to change. Were you under the impression that change would be much more difficult at Purdue than it has been, say.
MITCHELL E. DANIELS JR: Oh, I didn't know what rate to expect. And don't get me wrong-- higher ed moves pretty slowly, relative to other realms. But everybody knows that. There are jokes about it and books about it. And I guess I'm just saying that I've found Purdue in this and other respects relatively a more congenial place to the sort of changes, but also just the sort of emphases that I think are important in higher ed today-- affordability, rigor, accountability, and so forth.
ERIC KELDERMAN: Before you even started your job, as you know, there was a lot of concern. There were critics out there that were worried that you would come to the university, that the budget cuts you would make would be draconian that might be targeted, for instance, at humanities or other large programs, that your past or your conservative political views might also somehow influence the direction or academic appointments, things like that.
What have you done over the past three years to sort of quell those concerns? And do you feel confident that you've sort of won over your critics at this point?
MITCHELL E. DANIELS JR: All I can say is there wasn't that much noise at the beginning. There hasn't been any for a long time. So I hope that anybody who was laboring under complete misperceptions like that, or misconceptions, has been pleasantly surprised.
No, I mean, we are serious about affordability. Purdue, you would know, we're midway through at least a four-year freeze on tuition, in and out of state. But we had a 3.5% salary increase, or pool for salary increases last year. Largest in our peer group. And maybe one of the largest anywhere.
So we're very committed to investing heavily in the university, making major investments-- expansion of our engineering college, computer science school, our so-called Purdue Polytechnic Institute, which is an interesting transformation of traditional pedagogy in that area, deep investments in research in highly specific and selected areas. So these things can coexist. And we're committed to all of them.
Those folks who had apprehensions in the beginning I hope are feeling a little differently now. And as for the liberal arts, I'm a product of the liberal arts.
ERIC KELDERMAN: Oh, you are?
MITCHELL E. DANIELS JR: I'm an advocate for the liberal arts. I've raised substantial money for endowed chairs and the like. And I see a bigger role, frankly, for them in Purdue's future. So working on all these fronts.
ERIC KELDERMAN: Right. When you talk about the savings for students-- and you've frozen tuition for four years and you've made, I believe it was, initially, a 5% reduction in room and board costs for students. And that's remained stable, right?
MITCHELL E. DANIELS JR: Yeah. Well, we did two of those.
ERIC KELDERMAN: Right
MITCHELL E. DANIELS JR: In board costs.
ERIC KELDERMAN: Oh, excellent. When you were poring over the budget, what were the areas that you found, I guess, most right for cuts?
MITCHELL E. DANIELS JR: Yeah. Well, there have been some significant steps forward. A good example is the health care plan, which was, I would say, very outmoded. And by modernizing it, making it more consumerist, first of all, we've seen rapid adoption from one quarter to three quarters of our faculty and staff have adopted a consumerist, HSA-type model. And they have lowered their premiums substantially. But the school has exceeded expectations in lowering the overall cost that were occurring. So that was one big stroke.
But the point I've made, Eric, very often-- learned it in business, seen it elsewhere, seen it government-- there are only so many places, I like to say, where you can take a cleaver and take a great big piece of fat out. The issue-- and I really see it in higher ed-- is the fat is marbled throughout the animal. And so you have to be willing to look everywhere. And you have to try to get others in the act, not do this top-down.
So for instance, when we first froze tuition, we asked the campus, everybody, please participate. We created an account to offset what would otherwise have been a 37th consecutive year of tuition increase and asked people to submit ideas for reductions, small or large. And we also asked people, if they wanted to, to forgo a pay increase. And many did.
This year, a variation on that. When we announced 3.5% increase, it's fair to say this was a positive surprise. But I did say every department, every college, every unit gets 3%, regardless. To get the extra half percent, we need you to come forward with a plan that will help us become a little more efficient, a plan for spending reductions, and in particular, a plan for better space utilization. Could you schedule more classes on slow periods than we currently have? This sort of thing.
So by the way, every unit, every college, and every administrative unit chose to earn the half a point--
ERIC KELDERMAN: Yeah.
MITCHELL E. DANIELS JR: And have more for everyone's salary. And we got, as I say, a lot of improvements across the campus that could not have been spotted by somebody sitting at the center.
ERIC KELDERMAN: Right. Great. Well, thank you very much for your time today.
MITCHELL E. DANIELS JR: Yeah, sure.
ERIC KELDERMAN: It's great having you here to The Chronicle.
 
Eric Kelderman writes about money and accountability in higher education, including such areas as state policy, accreditation, and legal affairs. You can find him on Twitter @etkeld, or email him at eric.kelderman@chronicle.com. 




        A version of this article appeared in the 
                    November 6, 2015 issue.
            
 




Return to Top 



  Questions or concerns about this article?
  Email us or
  submit a letter to the editor.
The Chronicle welcomes constructive discussion, and our moderators highlight contributions that are thoughtful and relevant.
  Add your comments below; we'll review them shortly. Read our commenting policy.
 Show Comments

Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.


 
 




Advertisement





            Trending now
        


 

Faculty 


Who’s Left to Defend Tommy Curry? Premium




 

Advice 


Aiding the Writing-Stalled Professor 



 

The Chronicle Review 


'The Great Shame of Our Profession' 








Advertisement





JobsonVitae
Search 8,743 opportunities


Browse by Position Type


All Types|Faculty/Research|Administrative|Executive|Jobs Outside Academe 




Search by Keyword








                    All Types 


All Types
Faculty/ResearchAdministrativeExecutiveOutside Academe 



Search 



Top Jobs
 
 



Graduate School of Education Open Position... 

                        Stanford University                    




PRESIDENTIAL SEARCH 

                        Morris College                    




Announcement of Business Faculty Positions 

                        Baylor University                    




Media, Culture, and Society, Open Rank  

                        University of Michigan                     




Wesleyan University Faculty Positions 

                        Wesleyan University                    




Director of Health Sciences Inter-Professi... 

                        University of Bridgeport                    




Associate/Full Professor of Management Inf... 

                        The University of Alabama                    




Assistant Professor of Italian Studies 

                        Santa Clara University                    




Associate Vice President, Institutional Ad... 

                        Niagara University                    




Tenure-Track Professor in International Re... 

                        Harvard University                    




President's Excellence Chair in Forest Bio... 

                        University of British Columbia                    




Institutional and Marketing Research Speci... 

                        Claremont Lincoln University                    




FACULTY MEMBER 

                        Daniel K. Inouye Asia-Pacific Security Stu...                    




Dean for Faculty of Computing and IT 

                        Sohar University                    




Assistant Professor in Department of Commu... 

                        University of Wisconsin-Madison                    




Director of Admissions 

                        Colorado State University                    




Assistant or Associate Professor, Animal S... 

                        Iowa State University                    




Assistant Director of Student Affairs/Prof... 

                        Arizona State University                    




Dean of the College of Health Professions ... 

                        Northern Kentucky University                    




President 

                        Lees McRae College                    




Coordinator, Academic Support Services, UN... 

                        UNLV School of Medicine                    




DIRECTOR OF RESEARCH AND SCHOLARSHIP 

                        University of Texas at Tyler                    




Assist/Associate Professor of Management -... 

                        University of Connecticut                    




Positions Opening, College of Engineering,... 

                        Shantou University                    




Assistant Professor of English 

                        Kennesaw State University                    




Lecturer of English 

                        Kennesaw State University                    




Assistant Professor of Writing for Stage a... 

                        Kennesaw State University                    




Assistant Professor of Computer Informatio... 

                        James Madison University                    




Assistant or Associate Professor of Accoun... 

                        James Madison University                    




Assistant Dean, Academic Programs/College ... 

                        Nova Southeastern University                    




Chief Financial Officer (Associate Executi... 

                        California Teachers Association                    




Department Chair, Department of Communicat... 

                        University of Central Florida                    




Assistant or Associate Professor of Inform... 

                        The George Washington University                    




Assistant Provost for Institutional Effect... 

                        Florida Atlantic University                    




Assistant Professor of Marketing - F1007 

                        James Madison University                    




Assistant Professor of Multicultural Psych... 

                        Kennesaw State University                    




Chair, Department of Mathematics and Profe... 

                        Kennesaw State University                    




Assistant Professor of Social Work (Two Po... 

                        California State University, Sacramento                    




Faculty Position(s) in Work and Organizati... 

                        Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Slo...                    




Multiple Positions 

                        Towson University                    




Chairperson 

                        Towson University                    




Dean of the College of Business 

                        Austin Peay State University                    




Director, Undergraduate Research Opportuni... 

                        University of Michigan                    




Assistant Vice President for Alumni Engage... 

                        University of La Verne                    




Title IX Investigator 

                        University of Central Florida                    




ASSISTANT PROFESSOR OF CLINICAL - GEO 

                        University of Cincinnati                    




PRESIDENT 

                        Southeast Arkansas College (SEARK)                    




Assistant Professor of Computer Informatio... 

                        Bethune-Cookman University                    




Vice President of Administration and Finan... 

                        Mount Saint Mary's University                    




Provost and Executive Vice Chancellor for ... 

                        Rutgers, The State University of New Jerse...                    




Open-rank Faculty 

                        New York University                    




Tenure Track Assistant Professor 

                        New York University                    




Dean of Christ College of Valparaiso Unive... 

                        Valparaiso University                    




College of Business and Economics faculty ... 

                        California State University, Los Angeles                     




Visiting Assistant Professor of Economics 

                        Flagler College                    




Multiple Faculty Positions, Open Rank (Ten... 

                        Rutgers, The State University of New Jerse...                    




Postdoctoral Fellowships at the Society of... 

                        Dartmouth College                    




Executive Vice President for Research 

                        Desert Research Institute                    




Tenure-Line Faculty Position 

                        University of Utah, Department of Family &...                    




Open Positions in Marketing and Communicat... 

                        Marist College                    




Area Cooperative Extension  Viticulture Ad... 

                        University of California Agriculture and N...                    







 



Post a Job

In print and online today














 
This Week's Issue 

            Get must-read news and trusted insight.        
Read This Issue 










                Subscribe Today
        






×



          ...
        


















 













Mitchell E. Daniels, Jr. Biography - Office of the President - Purdue University
















    
Quick Links










Loading










Find Info For 
Find Info For
Academics
Admissions
Current Students
Athletics
About
Careers
Prospective Students
Research and Partnerships



Quick Links
Apply
News
President
Shop
Visit
Give
Emergency









Office of the President





  Menu

            Home
          AboutMitchell E. Daniels, Jr. BiographyCurriculum Vitae for Mitchell E. Daniels, Jr.Purdue First Lady Cheri DanielsContactEventsFaculty ColloquiaFaculty Colloquia — 2016Faculty Colloquia — 2015Faculty Colloquia — 2014MediaPurdue's 12th President in the NewsDaniels Selected as Purdue PresidentPodcastsPhotosSpeechesSelect speeches by Mitchell E. Daniels, Jr.President's Forums2014 President's ForumsFeb. 13 President's ForumApril 30 President's ForumSeptember 24 President's Forum2013 President's ForumsMarch 28 President's ForumApril 25 President's ForumSept. 12 President's ForumOct. 3 President's ForumNov. 7 President's ForumPresidential Appearance Request FormMessagesPresident's Messages2017 Open Letter InitiativesPurdue MovesGallup-Purdue Index




About






Mitchell E. Daniels, Jr. Biography

Mitchell E. Daniels, Jr. became the 12th president of Purdue University in January 2013, at the conclusion of his second term as Governor of the State of Indiana.
Purdue Priorities
At Purdue, President Daniels launched a series of initiatives called Purdue Moves that provide bold answers to some of the greatest challenges facing higher education today.  The four pillars of Purdue Moves — affordability and accessibility, transformative education, world-changing research, and STEM leadership — leverage Purdue’s historic strengths and promote investment in new ideas, guiding the university in its mission to deliver higher education at the highest proven value.
Daniels has made student affordability and student success top priorities, pledging to keep a Purdue education within reach for students and families. Breaking with a 36-year string of increases, Purdue commenced a series of tuition freezes in 2013 that will last through at least the 2016-17 academic year. During that same time, room and board costs were cut by 5 percent and have remained steady since 2013, resulting in an overall decrease in the cost of attending Purdue since President Daniels took office that year. A first-of-its-kind partnership with online retailer Amazon.com is also saving Purdue students an average of 30 percent on their textbooks each year.
Thanks to these and other efforts to reduce student costs where feasible, Purdue student borrowing has dropped 23 percent — leaving graduates and their families with some $50 million to invest in other dreams.
Daniels has also called for greater accountability in higher education, launching the Gallup-Purdue Index, a new method for measuring the value of a college degree. Other top priorities include accelerating growth in three areas that are key to the national economy and which support Purdue’s strengths (engineering, technology and computer science); infusing resources in selected areas of research, particularly plant sciences to feed the world; and facilitating commercialization of research.
Often called a “man of the students,” President Daniels can often be found eating dinner in a dining court, exercising alongside students at the campus recreational center, or chatting with students outside on a nice day. He also teaches a course each semester for students in the Honors College on one of his favorite topics, “The Great War and Its Continuing Aftermath.”
Public Service
Daniels came to Purdue University at the conclusion of his term as the 49th Governor of Indiana. He was elected Governor in 2004, in his first bid for any elected office. He was re-elected in 2008, receiving more votes than any candidate for any public office in the state's history.
During his first term, Governor Daniels spearheaded a host of reforms aimed at improving the performance of state government. These changes and a strong emphasis on performance measurement have led to many state agencies, including the Bureau of Motor Vehicles, Department of Child Services and Department of Correction winning national awards.
In 2005, he led the state to its first balanced budget in eight years and, without a tax increase, transformed the nearly $800 million deficit he inherited into an annual surplus of $370 million within a year. The governor also repaid hundreds of millions of dollars the state had borrowed from Indiana's public schools, state universities and local units of government in previous administrations, and reduced the state's overall debt by 40 percent. Governor Daniels left Indiana with a budget in surplus, reserve funds equal to nearly 15 percent of annual spending, and its first AAA credit rating.
Daniels' first legislative success created the public-private Indiana Economic Development Corporation to replace a failing state bureaucracy in the mission of attracting new jobs. In its first four years of existence, the agency broke all previous records for new jobs in the state and was associated with more than $18 billion of new investment. In 2008, Site Selection Magazine and CNBC both named Indiana as the Most Improved State for Business in the country. In 2012, Indiana became the 23rd Right-to-Work state. Indiana now ranks favorably in every national ranking of business attractiveness and job creation.
Governor Daniels' innovations include the 2006 lease of the Indiana Toll Road. This is the largest privatization of public infrastructure in the United States and generated nearly $4 billion for Major Moves, the state's record-breaking 10-year transportation and infrastructure program. The Healthy Indiana Plan was enacted in 2007 to provide healthcare coverage for uninsured Hoosier adults, and comprehensive property tax reforms in 2008 resulted in the biggest tax cut in Indiana history. Both initiatives received overwhelming bipartisan support, and Indiana remains among the states with the lowest property taxes in the nation.
In 2011, under his guidance, Indiana passed the most sweeping education reforms in the country, including the nation’s first statewide school choice voucher program. Because of these reforms, Indiana is dramatically expanding charter schools, providing parents with more school choice, revising teacher evaluations and expanding full-day kindergarten funding. In 2010, he established WGU Indiana, a partnership between the state and Western Governors University aimed at expanding access to higher education for Hoosiers and increasing the percentage of the state's adult population with education beyond high school.
Daniels first became interested in public service while serving as chief of staff to Senator Richard Lugar. He has also served as a senior advisor to President Ronald Reagan and Director of the Office of Management and Budget under President George W. Bush. On his first day in office as Governor, Daniels created Indiana’s first Office of Management and Budget.
Daniels has been called to testify before Congress on numerous occasions.
Business Leadership
President Daniels also comes from a successful career in business, holding numerous top management positions. From 1987-1990, Daniels served as the CEO of the Hudson Institute.  In 1990, he accepted a position at Eli Lilly and Company, the largest corporation headquartered in Indiana at that time, and eventually held the role of president of the company’s North American Pharmaceutical Operations.
Daniels also serves on the corporate boards of Cerner Corporation and Interactive Intelligence.
Civic Engagement
In February 2013, Daniels was asked to co-chair the National Research Council’s Committee on Human Spaceflight, which reviewed the state of the U.S. human spaceflight program. The 18-month appointment culminated in June 2014 with the submission of a report that is helping to guide the sustainable future of the United States’ human spaceflight program. Daniels also co-chaired the Council on Foreign Relations’ 2014 taskforce on non-communicable diseases, which examined the challenges of treating these diseases in low- and middle-income countries, and the selection committee for the Aspen Institute’s 2015 Aspen Prize for community college excellence.
He currently serves as a co-chair of the Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget and, with U.S. Senator Mark Warner, he co-chairs the Aspen Institute’s Future of Work Initiative, a yearlong non-partisan effort to identify ways to strengthen America’s 21st-century workforce.
Daniels is also a board member of numerous non-profit organizations, including the Urban Institute and the American Academy of Arts & Sciences’ Commission on Post Secondary Education. 
Awards and Accolades
In recognition of his leadership both as Governor and as president of Purdue University, Fortune Magazine named President Daniels to its list of the top 50 world leaders in March 2015. In June 2016, he was named a Living Legend by the Indiana Historical Society.
Many other organizations have also recognized his leadership. In 2008, Governing magazine named him Public Official of the Year. In October 2010, Daniels received The Woodrow Wilson National Fellowship Foundation's inaugural Medal for Distinguished Service to Education for his efforts to reform education. In January 2011, he was one of three recipients selected to receive the first-ever Fiscy Award, presented for leadership and commitment to responsible financial stewardship by the non-partisan Fiscy Awards Committee. In May 2012, the Manhattan Institute presented the governor with its Alexander Hamilton Award for his achievements in state government; including healthcare improvements, landmark education reforms and fiscal responsibility.
The governor's conservation efforts have set aside record acreages of protected wetlands and wildlife habitats. In March 2011, Daniels was a recipient of the Wetland Conservation Achievement Award from the national conservation organization, Ducks Unlimited, for "making land conservation a top priority and for preserving thousands of invaluable acres across the state for future generations." In January 2012, he received the Chancellor Award for Conservation and Wildlife Protection from the Weatherby Foundation and in March 2012, he also was awarded the Theodore Roosevelt Award from the Indiana Wildlife Federation. His efforts earned him the nickname "The Teddy Roosevelt of Indiana" by the Nature Conservancy.
Daniels received the Woodrow Wilson Award from Princeton University in February 2013. The award recognizes an alumnus whose career embodies the call to duty in Wilson's famous speech, "Princeton in the Nation's Service." He was also the recipient in June 2013 of the Bradley Prize from the Milwaukee-based Lynde and Harry Bradley Foundation. The award recognizes accomplishments that “strengthen American institutions.” In announcing the prize, the foundation stated that Daniels "established himself as an economic reformer who guided Indiana through the recession with a budget surplus and a firm foundation for economic growth."
In recognition of his economic and fiscal leadership as Governor, Daniels received the inaugural Savas Award from the Concord Coalition in June 2015.
Daniels, who is also the author of the best-selling book "Keeping the Republic: Saving America by Trusting Americans," earned a bachelor's degree from the Woodrow Wilson School of Public and International Affairs at Princeton University in 1971, and his law degree from Georgetown University in 1979.
President Daniels and his wife Cheri have four daughters, Meagan, Melissa, Meredith and Maggie, and six grandchildren.
Save

Mitchell E. Daniels, Jr. BiographyCurriculum Vitae for Mitchell E. Daniels, Jr.Purdue First Lady Cheri DanielsContact

Highlights
One university president's candid take on the future of higher ed — July 18, 2017
The innovator's dilemma hits higher ed — May 15, 2017
Purdue president to graduates: 'Stay humble' — May 12, 2017
Hoosier ingenuity: Purdue does it again — April 28, 2017
Purdue to hold tuition flat through 2018-19 — March 20, 2017
Wall Street Journal ranks Purdue as a top college — September 28, 2016
A Letter from Purdue President Mitch Daniels to New Students — August 22, 2016
Purdue has the president America needs — June 15, 2016







Communication 




OneCampus
Blackboard
Purdue Today
Office 365
Outlook
myPurdue




Campus 




Faculty and Staff
Careers
Physical Facilities
Directory
Campus Map
Construction




Information 




Human Resources
Calendar
Libraries
Information Technology
Tuition Calculator
Center for Healthy Living




People 




Speak Up
Diversity & Inclusion
Ethics & Compliance
Public Safety
Annual Security Report
Timely Warnings



       






Purdue University, 610 Purdue Mall, West Lafayette, IN 47907, (765) 494-4600
 © 2014-17 Purdue University | An equal access/equal opportunity university | Integrity Statement | Copyright Complaints | Brand Toolkit | Maintained by Marketing and Media
Trouble with this page? Disability-related accessibility issue? Please contact us at online@purdue.edu so we can help.












Mitchell E. Daniels, Jr. Biography - Office of the President - Purdue University
















    
Quick Links










Loading










Find Info For 
Find Info For
Academics
Admissions
Current Students
Athletics
About
Careers
Prospective Students
Research and Partnerships



Quick Links
Apply
News
President
Shop
Visit
Give
Emergency









Office of the President





  Menu

            Home
          AboutMitchell E. Daniels, Jr. BiographyCurriculum Vitae for Mitchell E. Daniels, Jr.Purdue First Lady Cheri DanielsContactEventsFaculty ColloquiaFaculty Colloquia — 2016Faculty Colloquia — 2015Faculty Colloquia — 2014MediaPurdue's 12th President in the NewsDaniels Selected as Purdue PresidentPodcastsPhotosSpeechesSelect speeches by Mitchell E. Daniels, Jr.President's Forums2014 President's ForumsFeb. 13 President's ForumApril 30 President's ForumSeptember 24 President's Forum2013 President's ForumsMarch 28 President's ForumApril 25 President's ForumSept. 12 President's ForumOct. 3 President's ForumNov. 7 President's ForumPresidential Appearance Request FormMessagesPresident's Messages2017 Open Letter InitiativesPurdue MovesGallup-Purdue Index




About






Mitchell E. Daniels, Jr. Biography

Mitchell E. Daniels, Jr. became the 12th president of Purdue University in January 2013, at the conclusion of his second term as Governor of the State of Indiana.
Purdue Priorities
At Purdue, President Daniels launched a series of initiatives called Purdue Moves that provide bold answers to some of the greatest challenges facing higher education today.  The four pillars of Purdue Moves — affordability and accessibility, transformative education, world-changing research, and STEM leadership — leverage Purdue’s historic strengths and promote investment in new ideas, guiding the university in its mission to deliver higher education at the highest proven value.
Daniels has made student affordability and student success top priorities, pledging to keep a Purdue education within reach for students and families. Breaking with a 36-year string of increases, Purdue commenced a series of tuition freezes in 2013 that will last through at least the 2016-17 academic year. During that same time, room and board costs were cut by 5 percent and have remained steady since 2013, resulting in an overall decrease in the cost of attending Purdue since President Daniels took office that year. A first-of-its-kind partnership with online retailer Amazon.com is also saving Purdue students an average of 30 percent on their textbooks each year.
Thanks to these and other efforts to reduce student costs where feasible, Purdue student borrowing has dropped 23 percent — leaving graduates and their families with some $50 million to invest in other dreams.
Daniels has also called for greater accountability in higher education, launching the Gallup-Purdue Index, a new method for measuring the value of a college degree. Other top priorities include accelerating growth in three areas that are key to the national economy and which support Purdue’s strengths (engineering, technology and computer science); infusing resources in selected areas of research, particularly plant sciences to feed the world; and facilitating commercialization of research.
Often called a “man of the students,” President Daniels can often be found eating dinner in a dining court, exercising alongside students at the campus recreational center, or chatting with students outside on a nice day. He also teaches a course each semester for students in the Honors College on one of his favorite topics, “The Great War and Its Continuing Aftermath.”
Public Service
Daniels came to Purdue University at the conclusion of his term as the 49th Governor of Indiana. He was elected Governor in 2004, in his first bid for any elected office. He was re-elected in 2008, receiving more votes than any candidate for any public office in the state's history.
During his first term, Governor Daniels spearheaded a host of reforms aimed at improving the performance of state government. These changes and a strong emphasis on performance measurement have led to many state agencies, including the Bureau of Motor Vehicles, Department of Child Services and Department of Correction winning national awards.
In 2005, he led the state to its first balanced budget in eight years and, without a tax increase, transformed the nearly $800 million deficit he inherited into an annual surplus of $370 million within a year. The governor also repaid hundreds of millions of dollars the state had borrowed from Indiana's public schools, state universities and local units of government in previous administrations, and reduced the state's overall debt by 40 percent. Governor Daniels left Indiana with a budget in surplus, reserve funds equal to nearly 15 percent of annual spending, and its first AAA credit rating.
Daniels' first legislative success created the public-private Indiana Economic Development Corporation to replace a failing state bureaucracy in the mission of attracting new jobs. In its first four years of existence, the agency broke all previous records for new jobs in the state and was associated with more than $18 billion of new investment. In 2008, Site Selection Magazine and CNBC both named Indiana as the Most Improved State for Business in the country. In 2012, Indiana became the 23rd Right-to-Work state. Indiana now ranks favorably in every national ranking of business attractiveness and job creation.
Governor Daniels' innovations include the 2006 lease of the Indiana Toll Road. This is the largest privatization of public infrastructure in the United States and generated nearly $4 billion for Major Moves, the state's record-breaking 10-year transportation and infrastructure program. The Healthy Indiana Plan was enacted in 2007 to provide healthcare coverage for uninsured Hoosier adults, and comprehensive property tax reforms in 2008 resulted in the biggest tax cut in Indiana history. Both initiatives received overwhelming bipartisan support, and Indiana remains among the states with the lowest property taxes in the nation.
In 2011, under his guidance, Indiana passed the most sweeping education reforms in the country, including the nation’s first statewide school choice voucher program. Because of these reforms, Indiana is dramatically expanding charter schools, providing parents with more school choice, revising teacher evaluations and expanding full-day kindergarten funding. In 2010, he established WGU Indiana, a partnership between the state and Western Governors University aimed at expanding access to higher education for Hoosiers and increasing the percentage of the state's adult population with education beyond high school.
Daniels first became interested in public service while serving as chief of staff to Senator Richard Lugar. He has also served as a senior advisor to President Ronald Reagan and Director of the Office of Management and Budget under President George W. Bush. On his first day in office as Governor, Daniels created Indiana’s first Office of Management and Budget.
Daniels has been called to testify before Congress on numerous occasions.
Business Leadership
President Daniels also comes from a successful career in business, holding numerous top management positions. From 1987-1990, Daniels served as the CEO of the Hudson Institute.  In 1990, he accepted a position at Eli Lilly and Company, the largest corporation headquartered in Indiana at that time, and eventually held the role of president of the company’s North American Pharmaceutical Operations.
Daniels also serves on the corporate boards of Cerner Corporation and Interactive Intelligence.
Civic Engagement
In February 2013, Daniels was asked to co-chair the National Research Council’s Committee on Human Spaceflight, which reviewed the state of the U.S. human spaceflight program. The 18-month appointment culminated in June 2014 with the submission of a report that is helping to guide the sustainable future of the United States’ human spaceflight program. Daniels also co-chaired the Council on Foreign Relations’ 2014 taskforce on non-communicable diseases, which examined the challenges of treating these diseases in low- and middle-income countries, and the selection committee for the Aspen Institute’s 2015 Aspen Prize for community college excellence.
He currently serves as a co-chair of the Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget and, with U.S. Senator Mark Warner, he co-chairs the Aspen Institute’s Future of Work Initiative, a yearlong non-partisan effort to identify ways to strengthen America’s 21st-century workforce.
Daniels is also a board member of numerous non-profit organizations, including the Urban Institute and the American Academy of Arts & Sciences’ Commission on Post Secondary Education. 
Awards and Accolades
In recognition of his leadership both as Governor and as president of Purdue University, Fortune Magazine named President Daniels to its list of the top 50 world leaders in March 2015. In June 2016, he was named a Living Legend by the Indiana Historical Society.
Many other organizations have also recognized his leadership. In 2008, Governing magazine named him Public Official of the Year. In October 2010, Daniels received The Woodrow Wilson National Fellowship Foundation's inaugural Medal for Distinguished Service to Education for his efforts to reform education. In January 2011, he was one of three recipients selected to receive the first-ever Fiscy Award, presented for leadership and commitment to responsible financial stewardship by the non-partisan Fiscy Awards Committee. In May 2012, the Manhattan Institute presented the governor with its Alexander Hamilton Award for his achievements in state government; including healthcare improvements, landmark education reforms and fiscal responsibility.
The governor's conservation efforts have set aside record acreages of protected wetlands and wildlife habitats. In March 2011, Daniels was a recipient of the Wetland Conservation Achievement Award from the national conservation organization, Ducks Unlimited, for "making land conservation a top priority and for preserving thousands of invaluable acres across the state for future generations." In January 2012, he received the Chancellor Award for Conservation and Wildlife Protection from the Weatherby Foundation and in March 2012, he also was awarded the Theodore Roosevelt Award from the Indiana Wildlife Federation. His efforts earned him the nickname "The Teddy Roosevelt of Indiana" by the Nature Conservancy.
Daniels received the Woodrow Wilson Award from Princeton University in February 2013. The award recognizes an alumnus whose career embodies the call to duty in Wilson's famous speech, "Princeton in the Nation's Service." He was also the recipient in June 2013 of the Bradley Prize from the Milwaukee-based Lynde and Harry Bradley Foundation. The award recognizes accomplishments that “strengthen American institutions.” In announcing the prize, the foundation stated that Daniels "established himself as an economic reformer who guided Indiana through the recession with a budget surplus and a firm foundation for economic growth."
In recognition of his economic and fiscal leadership as Governor, Daniels received the inaugural Savas Award from the Concord Coalition in June 2015.
Daniels, who is also the author of the best-selling book "Keeping the Republic: Saving America by Trusting Americans," earned a bachelor's degree from the Woodrow Wilson School of Public and International Affairs at Princeton University in 1971, and his law degree from Georgetown University in 1979.
President Daniels and his wife Cheri have four daughters, Meagan, Melissa, Meredith and Maggie, and six grandchildren.
Save

Mitchell E. Daniels, Jr. BiographyCurriculum Vitae for Mitchell E. Daniels, Jr.Purdue First Lady Cheri DanielsContact

Highlights
One university president's candid take on the future of higher ed — July 18, 2017
The innovator's dilemma hits higher ed — May 15, 2017
Purdue president to graduates: 'Stay humble' — May 12, 2017
Hoosier ingenuity: Purdue does it again — April 28, 2017
Purdue to hold tuition flat through 2018-19 — March 20, 2017
Wall Street Journal ranks Purdue as a top college — September 28, 2016
A Letter from Purdue President Mitch Daniels to New Students — August 22, 2016
Purdue has the president America needs — June 15, 2016







Communication 




OneCampus
Blackboard
Purdue Today
Office 365
Outlook
myPurdue




Campus 




Faculty and Staff
Careers
Physical Facilities
Directory
Campus Map
Construction




Information 




Human Resources
Calendar
Libraries
Information Technology
Tuition Calculator
Center for Healthy Living




People 




Speak Up
Diversity & Inclusion
Ethics & Compliance
Public Safety
Annual Security Report
Timely Warnings



       






Purdue University, 610 Purdue Mall, West Lafayette, IN 47907, (765) 494-4600
 © 2014-17 Purdue University | An equal access/equal opportunity university | Integrity Statement | Copyright Complaints | Brand Toolkit | Maintained by Marketing and Media
Trouble with this page? Disability-related accessibility issue? Please contact us at online@purdue.edu so we can help.








MITCHELL E DANIELS - CARMEL, IN - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



IN



CARMEL



Business Services, Nec



Business Services At Non-commercial Site



                            MITCHELL E DANIELS
                                    



 





















M 


MITCHELL E DANIELS
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



1265 LAURELWOOD CARMEL, IN 46032
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded 2004
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $110,000.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries Business Services At Non-commercial Site
 Contacts MITCHELL DANIELS







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Mitchell E Daniels was founded in 2004. Mitchell E Daniels specializes in Business Services At Non-commercial Site. Mitchell E Daniels has 2 employees and estimated revenues of $110,000.00. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







M

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

















BasicSynth by Daniel Mitchell (eBook) - Lulu




















































































                                        All
                                    

                                        Bookstore
                                    

                                        Knowledge Base
                                    

















Shop






                    BasicSynth
                


By Daniel Mitchell 





                                                                                                                                                                                eBook (PDF), 288 Pages
                    









                                    This item has not been rated yet                            





Preview





Price:

                                                    $9.99
                                                                            




Books on music synthesizers explain the theory of music synthesis, or show you how to use an existing synthesizer, but don’t cover the practical details of constructing a custom software synthesizer. Likewise, books on digital signal processing describe sound generation in terms of complex equations and leave it up to the reader to solve the practical problems of programming the equations. BasicSynth takes you beyond the theory and shows you how to create a custom synthesizer in software using the C++ programming language. The first part of the book explains the basic computer algorithms used to generate and process sound. Subsequent chapters explain instrument design using actual synthesis instruments. The example instruments are then combined with a text-based scoring system and sequencer to produce a complete working synthesizer. Complete source code to the C++ classes and example programs is available for download from the Internet.






                        Available in PDF Format                    


                            How can I use this format?                        




Add to Cart










Embed










Ratings & Reviews |
                    Product Details
                        |
                    
                        Ebook Formats                    








Ratings & Reviews
Log in to review this item



Lulu Sales Rank:  42669 


Log in to rate this item











You must be logged in to post a review.
                Please log in


There are no reviews for the current version of this product

Refreshing...





> Find Reviews for Previous Versions



There are no reviews for previous versions of this product


Refreshing...



To report this review as inappropriate, please complete this short form.



Email Address *




First Name



Last Name



Additional Comments




Report





Product Details

Copyright
Standard Copyright License
Publisher
Daniel R. Mitchell
Published
    February 15, 2016

Language
English
Pages
288
File Format
PDF
File Size
1.47 MB


Formats for this Ebook





                        PDF
                    





                        Required Software                    
Any PDF Reader, Apple Preview



                        Supported Devices                    
Windows PC/PocketPC, Mac OS, Linux OS, Apple iPhone/iPod Touch... (See More)



                        # of Devices                    

                                                                        Unlimited                    



                        Flowing Text / Pages                    
Pages



                        Printable?                    

                                                    Yes                                            









Buy in this Format






                            Learn more about ebook formats and e-readers                        




Report This Content to Lulu >











Moderation of Questionable Content
Thank you for your interest in helping us moderate questionable content on Lulu. If you need assistance with an order or the publishing process, please contact our support team directly.
How does this content violate the Lulu Membership Agreement?


Selection
Privacy Violation and/or Defamation
Infringes my Trademark
Infringes my Copyright
Not Fit for General Access
Infringes a Well-Known Work
Violates the Membership Agreement in another way




Digital Millennium Copyright Act Notice Form
The Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA") is a United States copyright law that provides guidelines for online service providers in case of copyright infringement. Below is the information that should be present in these notices. It is designed to make submitting notices of alleged infringement to us as straightforward as possible while reducing the number of notices that we receive that are fraudulent or difficult to understand or verify. The form of notice specified below is consistent with the DMCA, which can be found at the U.S. Copyright Office website, http://www.copyright.gov.
To file a notice of infringement with us, you must provide us with the items specified below. Please note that you will be liable for damages (including costs and attorneys' fees) if you materially misrepresent that the material is infringing your copyright. Accordingly, if you are not sure whether material infringes your copyright, we suggest that you first contact an attorney.
This notice and any attachments we receive will be forwarded to the alleged infringer, who will then have the opportunity to file a counter notification pursuant to Sections 512(g)(2) and (3) of the DMCA. Should a properly filed counter notification be filed, you will be notified and have 10 business days within which to file for a restraining order in Federal Court to prevent the reinstatement of the material.
* Denotes a required field. All required fields must be filled out for us to be able to process your form.



From our Membership Agreement
"Lulu is a place where people of all ages, backgrounds, experience, and professions can publish, sell, or buy creative content such as novels, memoirs, poetry, cookbooks, technical manuals, articles, photography books, children's books, calendars, and a host of other content that defies easy categorization. We help people distribute information and art spanning a wide range of subject matter while providing a safe, friendly, respectful, and serious site for all content creators. Since our community serves a broad range of ages, we do not encourage content that could make a majority of our users uncomfortable."
If you are sure that this product is in violation of acceptable content as defined in the agreement or that it does not meet our guidelines for General Access, please fill out the form below. It will then be reviewed by Lulu Staff to determine the next course of action.



First Name *

First Name is required.


Last Name *

Last Name is required.


Title



Organization



Address 

Address is required.


Country *

Country is required.


Email Address *

Email Address is required.
Email Address is invalid.


Phone Number 



Description *

Description is required.


Your Copyrighted Work *
Identify in sufficient detail the copyrighted work that you believe has been infringed upon (for example, "The copyrighted work at issue is the image that appears on http://www.lulu.com/####") or other information sufficient to specify the copyrighted work being infringed.

required field


Location of Infringing Material
Identify each web page that allegedly contains infringing material. This requires you to provide the URL for each allegedly infringing result, document or item.
http://www.lulu.com/shop/daniel-mitchell/basicsynth/ebook/product-22567159.html


Sworn Statements
I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above as allegedly infringing is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.

Please check to confirm *
required field


I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in the notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

Please check to confirm                                *
required field


Signature
Date (MM/DD/YYYY) *

Date (MM/DD/YYYY) is required.


Signature *

Signature is required.
(Your digital signature is as legally binding as a physical signature. If you use a digital signature, your signature must exactly match the First and Last names that you specified earlier in this form)

This form does not constitute legal advice and nothing that you read or are provided on this web site should be used as a substitute for the advice of competent legal counsel.



I wish to be contacted with the results of the investigation.


* required field


Submit






Lulu abides by the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA"), which governs how we are to treat claims of copyright infringement. If someone believes in good faith that a Lulu Account Holder has infringed their copyright, they can request that we take down the infringing material by filing a DMCA Notice. To file a DMCA Notice with Lulu, click on the button "Continue".
We reserve the right to ignore a Notice that is not in compliance with the DMCA. When a clear and valid Notice is received pursuant to the guidelines, we will respond by either taking down the allegedly infringing content or blocking access to it, and we may also contact you for more information.
If you are not the copyright holder or its agent and if the content is clearly infringing the copyright of a well-known work, please select "Infringes a well-known work" from the dropdown menu.


Continue





Your notification has been sent
Lulu Staff has been notified of a possible violation of the terms of our Membership Agreement. Our agents will determine if the content reported is inappropriate or not based on the guidelines provided and will then take action where needed.
Thank you for notifying us. We will email you with the results and/or actions taken as a result of the investigation if you chose to receive confirmation.


OK




We were unable to complete your request.
We were unable to complete your request.


OK






Keywords

music,                synthesizers,                electronic music,                signal processing,                C++ programming 
Listed In

 Computers & Internet


More From     
                                Daniel Mitchell                    




see more >






                                    Pondering Things: About...
                    

By Daniel Mitchell 

            eBook:        

$7.99







                                    Pondering Things: About...
                    

By Daniel Mitchell 

            Paperback:        

$34.95
$24.47







                                    Replacement Bellows for...
                    

By Daniel Mitchell 

            Paperback:        

$9.97







                        The Magic of Harry Potter
            

By Daniel Mitchell 

            eBook:        

$10.00







                        BasicSynth
            

By Daniel Mitchell 

            Paperback:        

$24.99






















Age Verification
The page you are attempting to access contains content that is not intended for underage readers.


Please verify your birth date to continue.



Month
January
February
March
April
May
June
July
August
September
October
November
December


Day
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31


Year
2004
2003
2002
2001
2000
1999
1998
1997
1996
1995
1994
1993
1992
1991
1990
1989
1988
1987
1986
1985
1984
1983
1982
1981
1980
1979
1978
1977
1976
1975
1974
1973
1972
1971
1970
1969
1968
1967
1966
1965
1964
1963
1962
1961
1960
1959
1958
1957
1956
1955
1954
1953
1952
1951
1950
1949
1948
1947
1946
1945
1944
1943
1942
1941
1940
1939
1938
1937
1936
1935
1934
1933
1932
1931
1930
1929
1928
1927
1926
1925
1924
1923
1922
1921
1920
1919
1918


























Welcome to Lulu!
        We notice you are using a browser version that we do not support. For you to have the best experience on Lulu.com, we recommend using the current versions of Firefox, Chrome, Safari, or upgrading to Internet Explorer 9 		(or higher).
        Ok










Dr. Karen Daniels-Mitchell, MD - Charlotte, NC - Family Medicine | Healthgrades.com





































HealthgradesDr. Karen Daniels-Mitchell, MD(8)Login MenuSearch Doctors, Hospitals, Specialties or ProceduresCloseHealthgradesSearchSearchNearSearchDr. Karen Daniels-Mitchell, MDSaveFamily Medicine  | Female(8) Leave a ReviewEast Charlotte Fam Phys 5801 Executive Center Dr Ste 100 Charlotte,  NC 28212 Get Directions (704) 863-1550View Insurance Accepted  Suggest an editDr. Karen Daniels-Mitchell, MD is a family medicine doctor who practices in Charlotte, NC.  She is 60 years old and has been practicing for 32 years.  Dr. Daniels-Mitchell is affiliated with Carolinas Medical Center and Carolinas HealthCare System University.ADVERTISEMENT






 




Learn about this doctorDr. Daniels-Mitchell's Experience0ExperienceMatchExperience MatchSee how Dr. Daniels-Mitchell's experience matches your preferences.1SpecialtiesFor the best healthcare for your needs, choose a doctor who specializes in your medical condition.1Board CertificationsBoard certification indicates that a doctor is highly qualified in the medical field in which they practice.0Conditions TreatedCheck to see that this provider treats your medical condition.0Procedures PerformedCheck to see that this provider performs the procedure that you need.Background CheckCheck to see if your provider has any malpractices, board actions, or sanctions.EducationLearn more about where this provider went to medical school, residency, and more.Awards & RecognitionView information about special awards and recognition for this provider.Languages SpokenCheck to see what languages this provider and/or staff speak.Memberships & Professional AffiliationsView memberships and affiliations associated with this provider.Overall Patient Satisfaction8responsesLikelihood of recommending Dr. Daniels-Mitchell to family and friends is 3.1 out of 5Have you seen Dr. Daniels-Mitchell?Leave a ReviewSee all 288 Family Medicine Specialists in Charlotte, NC 28212Dr. William Katibah III, MDFamily Medicine(29)Dr. Bruce Hughes, MDFamily Medicine(11)Dr. Dimitrios Hondros, MDFamily Medicine(20)Dr. Daniel Biondi, DOFamily Medicine(20)Dr. Carlos Rish, MDFamily Medicine(1)Dr. William Conner, MDFamily Medicine(22)View MoreVisiting Dr. Daniels-MitchellDr. Daniels-Mitchell accepts 22 insurance carriersView all insurance carriers Dr. Daniels-Mitchell is now accepting new patients East Charlotte Fam Phys5801 Executive Center Dr Ste 100Charlotte, NC 28212(704) 863-1550Get DirectionsAffiliated HospitalsHospital QualityCheck out the quality of care at the 2 hospitals where Dr. Daniels-Mitchell has admitting privileges.Carolinas HealthCare System University8800 N Tryon StCharlotte, NC 28262Hospital Awards0Overall Patient ExperienceView Hospital ProfileCarolinas Medical Center1000 Blythe BlvdCharlotte, NC 28203Hospital Awards0Overall Patient ExperienceView Hospital ProfileDr. Daniels-Mitchell's ReviewsLikelihood of recommending Dr. Daniels-Mitchell to family and friends3.1 based on 8 total reviews (1 with a comment)Leave a reviewDr. Daniels-Mitchell's PerformanceTrustworthinessVERY GOODExplains condition(s) wellVERY GOODAnswers QuestionsVERY GOODTime well spentVERY GOODOffice & Staff PerformanceSchedulingVERY GOODOffice environmentVERY GOODStaff friendlinessVERY GOODAverage wait time 16 to 30 minutesPatient Comments (1)45-Darlene Whitfield  in Charlotte  | Dec 31, 2015She is the best.   Very professional and always has my best interest at heart.  She is a very good listener and takes the time to help you understand things better.  She is very patient.  There have been times when I've been very anxious or frustrated,  she always listened and in the calmness of her voice, helped me through that moment.  It's good to have a dr that actually cares about her patient's, you don't find that quite often.  I'm glad she's my dr.  I love her.Have you seen Dr. Karen Daniels-Mitchell, MD?Leave a Review.Are you Dr. Daniels-Mitchell?Make it easy for patients to share their feedback. Also manage your personalized profile!Post your responseCompare Dr. Daniels-MitchellCompare this DoctorView other doctors with similar experience to find the right doctor for you.Dr. William Katibah III, MDFamily Medicine1913 J N Pease Pl Ste 201Charlotte, NC 28262Patient Satisfaction(29)Distance8.5  miles awayDr. Bruce Hughes, MDFamily Medicine10320 Mallard Creek Rd Ste 120Charlotte, NC 28262Patient Satisfaction(11)Distance9.8  miles awayDr. Dimitrios Hondros, MDFamily Medicine9101 Monroe Rd Ste 155Charlotte, NC 28270Patient Satisfaction(20)Distance3.6  miles awayDr. Daniel Biondi, DOFamily Medicine135 W 10th StCharlotte, NC 28202Patient Satisfaction(20)Distance5.8  miles awayDr. Carlos Rish, MDFamily Medicine3541 Randolph Rd Ste 303Charlotte, NC 28211Patient Satisfaction(1)Distance3.9  miles awayDr. William Conner, MDFamily Medicine211 W Matthews StMatthews, NC 28105Patient Satisfaction(22)Distance5.7  miles awayDr. Patricia White, MDFamily Medicine2001 Vail Ave Ste 400Charlotte, NC 28207Patient Satisfaction(2)Distance4.5  miles awayDr. Andrea Desantis, DOFamily Medicine251 Eastway DrCharlotte, NC 28213Patient Satisfaction(7)Distance4.4  miles awayDr. Michael Trombley, MDFamily Medicine300 Billingsley Rd Ste 204Charlotte, NC 28211Patient Satisfaction(13)Distance3.8  miles awayDr. Robert Barnabei, MDFamily Medicine8310 University Exec Park Dr Ste 550Charlotte, NC 28262Patient Satisfaction(23)Distance7.1  miles awayView all 10 matchesSee all family doctors in Charlotte, NC×Dr. Daniels-Mitchell's experience matches your search based on the following criteria: Based on total number of patients treated over the last 12 months Specializes in Family Medicine Board certified in Family Practice No malpractice claims found No sanctions found No board actions found×Awards & RecognitionAwards & HonorsHealthgrades Honor RollWhat is a recognized doctor Healthgrades Recognized Doctor designation identifies leading doctors who:Are board certified.Have not had their license surrendered or revoked since Healthgrades started collecting data in 2000.Have no malpractice judgments, adverse arbitration awards, or monetary settlements for the last five years in the states in which Healthgrades can collect malpractice data.Are free of state or federal disciplinary actions (sanctions) for the last five years.Healthgrades updates the Recognized Doctor list quarterly based on board certification data. Healthgrades also receives sanction and malpractice data throughout the year, depending on how frequently the state medical boards release updates. We remove a newly sanctioned doctor from the Recognized Doctor list as soon as we receive the information. However, it is important to note that malpractice information is publically available in only 14 states.Media & PublicationsDr. Daniels-Mitchell has no media or publications listed.Background Check 0 Malpractice ClaimsNo malpractice history found for North Carolina.What is medical malpracticeWhat is medical malpractice?Medical malpractice is issued when negligence by a doctor causes injury to a patient. For example, a doctor may improperly diagnose, treat or medicate outside the standard of medical care. The three types of malpractice are: a settlement, an arbitration award, or a judgment.If my doctor has malpractice history, does that mean he or she is a poor-quality doctor?If your doctor has a malpractice claim, evaluate the information and determine if the action could potentially impact the quality of care you receive. Claim settlements and arbitration awards may occur for a variety of reasons, which should not necessarily reflect negatively on the doctor's professional competence or conduct.You may want to use this information to start a discussion with the doctor about his or her history and specific ability to provide healthcare for you.How far back does Healthgrades malpractice history go?Healthgrades reports details of a doctor’s malpractice history when the doctor has at least one closed medical malpractice claim within the last five years, even if he or she no longer practices in that state.For which states does Healthgrades collect malpractice history?Healthgrades collects malpractice information from California, Colorado, Connecticut, Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Massachusetts, Nevada, New Jersey, New York, North Carolina, Oregon, Tennessee, Texas, Vermont, Virginia and West Virginia. If your doctor has a malpractice claim, evaluate the information and determine if the action could potentially impact your quality of care. Sometimes multiple states report the same claim. If a provider practices in a state where data is unavailable, please reach out to your local state legislature to help make this data publicly available.0SanctionsNo sanctions history found for the years that Healthgrades collects data.What is a sanction or disciplinary actionWhat is a sanction or disciplinary action?A sanction, also known as a disciplinary action, is an action taken to punish or restrict a doctor who has demonstrated professional misconduct. Sanctions may be imposed by a state medical board, professional medical licensing organization, or the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services.If my doctor has sanction history, does that mean he or she is a poor-quality doctor?If a doctor has a sanction, it does not necessarily mean that he or she is a poor-quality doctor. Some sanctions are not related to medical care, and involve a doctor’s finances or administrative activities. Before you make any choices about changing your doctor, we recommend that you evaluate the doctor’s sanction information and determine how severe or relevant you think the sanction cause and action were.How far back does Healthgrades sanction history go?Healthgrades reports state and federal sanctions from the previous five years, except when a doctor's license has been revoked or surrendered. Healthgrades displays all actions for doctors whose licenses have been revoked or surrendered.For which states does Healthgrades collect sanction history?Healthgrades collects sanction history from all 50 U.S. states. Physicians with a disciplinary action in one state may move to another state where they have a clean record. Since Healthgrades painstakingly compiles disciplinary action information from all 50 states, Healthgrades website will show if a physician has a disciplinary action in more than one state.0Board ActionsNo board actions found for the years that Healthgrades collects data.What are board actionsWhat are board actions?Board actions are non-disciplinary actions imposed upon a doctor based on a complaint investigation. A patient or medical colleague may file a complaint with that state medical board or professional licensing organization, which then investigates the complaint. Board actions are intended to ensure that a doctor is able to perform safe medical and health care tasks.Types of non-disciplinary actions include an advisory letter, a corrective action agreement, a limitation or restriction on the medical or healthcare tasks a doctor can perform, or a voluntary agreement by the doctor not to practice. A board action can also include a termination of a corrective action agreement or voluntary agreement, which allows the doctor to return to full practice.If my doctor has a board action, does that mean he or she is a poor-quality doctor?If a doctor has a board action, it means he or she has had a non-disciplinary action imposed upon him or her. It does not necessarily mean that he or she is a poor quality doctor. Before you make any choices about changing your doctor, evaluate the doctor's board action information and determine how severe or relevant you think the cause and action were.How far back does Healthgrades non-disciplinary board action history go?Healthgrades reports non-disciplinary board action history from for the previous five years, except when a doctor's license has been revoked or surrendered. Healthgrades displays all actions for doctors whose licenses have been revoked or surrendered.For which states does Healthgrades collect non-disciplinary board actions?Healthgrades collects non-disciplinary board actions from all 50 U.S. states.Board CertificationsWhy It Matters: Dr. Daniels-Mitchell's Board CertificationsBoard certification should be one of your top considerations when choosing a doctor. Board certification is an official recognition given to doctors who have met specific requirements set by national medical specialty boards in the... More Why It Matters: Dr. Daniels-Mitchell's Board CertificationsBoard certification should be one of your top considerations when choosing a doctor. Board certification is an official recognition given to doctors who have met specific requirements set by national medical specialty boards in the United States.Board certification indicates that a doctor is highly qualified in the medical field in which he or she practices. A board-certified doctor is more likely than a non-board-certified doctor to have the most current skills and knowledge about how to treat your medical condition.Dr. Daniels-Mitchell is Board Certified in:Family PracticeAccrediting Board: American Board of Family Medicine ** This information is proprietary data maintained in a copyrighted database compilation owned by the American Board of Medical Specialties. Copyright 2017 American Board of Medical Specialties. All rights reserved.Less Family PracticeConditions TreatedDr. Daniels-Mitchell does not have any conditions listed. If you are Dr. Daniels-Mitchell and would like to add conditions you treat, please update your free profile.EducationMedical SchoolUMDNJ-ROBT W JOHNSON MED SCHGraduated in 1985Internship HospitalBurlington Co Meml HospCompleted in 1986Residency HospitalBurlington Co Meml HospCompleted in 1988Languages SpokenEnglishMemberships & Professional AffiliationsDr. Daniels-Mitchell does not have any memberships or affiliations listed. If you are Dr. Daniels-Mitchell and would like to add memberships or affiliations, please update your free profile.SpecialtiesFamily MedicineProcedures PerformedDr. Daniels-Mitchell does not have any procedures listed. If you are Dr. Daniels-Mitchell and would like to add procedures you perform, please update your free profile.









































    Daniels, Mitchell | Mechanical, Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering | Oregon State University  



























Skip to main content





OREGON STATE UNIVERSITY

Open search box


 College of Engineering » Mechanical, Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering

Toggle menu


Go to search page





Search Field 




 Exit Search



AboutMission
ABET Accreditation
News & Events
People
Visitors
Life in Corvallis

AcademicsUndergraduate ProgramsMechanical Engineering
Industrial Engineering
Manufacturing Engineering
Energy Systems Engineering

Graduate ProgramsMechanical Engineering
Industrial Engineering
Materials Science
Robotics

Multiple Disciplinary Degrees
International Learning Opportunities

Research and InnovationAreas of Research ExcellenceAdvanced Manufacturing
Design
Production, Service, and Human Systems
Next-Generation Materials & Devices
Renewable Energy & Energy Sustainability
Robotics

Industry Research Collaborations
Undergraduate Research Opportunities
Technical Reports

FacilitiesResearch LabsMachining & Product Realization Lab
Energy Efficiency Center
Advanced Technology and Manufacturing Institute
Northwest National Marine Renewable Energy Center

Instructional Labs

Our Impact
My MIME
Calendar
Library
Maps
Online Services
Make a Gift
 




AboutMission
ABET Accreditation
News & Events
People
Visitors
Life in Corvallis

AcademicsUndergraduate ProgramsMechanical Engineering
Industrial Engineering
Manufacturing Engineering
Energy Systems Engineering

Graduate ProgramsMechanical Engineering
Industrial Engineering
Materials Science
Robotics

Multiple Disciplinary Degrees
International Learning Opportunities

Research and InnovationAreas of Research ExcellenceAdvanced Manufacturing
Design
Production, Service, and Human Systems
Next-Generation Materials & Devices
Renewable Energy & Energy Sustainability
Robotics

Industry Research Collaborations
Undergraduate Research Opportunities
Technical Reports

FacilitiesResearch LabsMachining & Product Realization Lab
Energy Efficiency Center
Advanced Technology and Manufacturing Institute
Northwest National Marine Renewable Energy Center

Instructional Labs

Our Impact
My MIME




 


You are hereHome » Daniels, Mitchell  











                  Daniels, Mitchell                








Grad Name: Daniels, Mitchell
Degree Type: MSProgram Name: Mechanical EngineeringSpecialty Area: MechanicsFaculty Advisor: tbaReturn to the Graduate Student Directory.
 




 


 


 






Future Students
Current Students
Alumni and Friends
Industry and Partners
Faculty and Staff
 






 

  

 
  

 
  

   

 
  

 

  

 



 

 





Contact Info

School of Mechanical, Industrial & Manufacturing Engineering204 Rogers HallOregon State UniversityCorvallis, OR  97331-6001
Undergrad Student ServicesPhone: 541-737-7009
Graduate Student ServicesPhone: 541-737-3441Fax: 541-737-2600info-mime@oregonstate.edu 


Copyright
              ©2017              Oregon State University
Disclaimer







ABOUT US
Overview
Accreditation
News




RESEARCH
Overview
Research Areas
Research Facilities




PEOPLE
Faculty Research
Areas of Research Excellence
Faculty & Staff Directory
Graduate Students
Class Composites
Careers




INDUSTRY RELATIONS
Overview
Events Calendar
Capstone Design
Join Our Mailing List
Contact Us




STUDENT INFORMATION
Undergrad Advising
Graduate Advising
Undergrad Financial Info
Graduate Financial Info
MIME Student Groups










