










Dale Danilewitz | MWI Veterinary Supply, Inc | Email, Executive Vice President and Chief Information Officer, @mwivet.com 











































LOGIN

7 DAY FREE TRIAL


























Dale Danilewitz

 MWI Veterinary Supply, Inc  Executive Vice President and Chief Information Officer


Updated On : 
                    Jun 07, 2017                            

export












Email Address: Email not Avail
                                        


3041 West Pasadena Drive

Boise City, ID 83705


Email format for @mwivet.com

Direct Phone: Not Available 









Type:

                    Public                
Employees: 
1000 - 4999

Revenue:  
> 1 Billion

Industry:  
                        Consumer Products->Office Supplies                    
SIC Code:  
                         5047  - Medical and Hospital Equipment








 BIOGRAPHY

 
                    Dale Danilewitz is the current Executive Vice President and Chief Information Officer. You can find Dale Danilewitz's linkedin profile, phone numbers, wiki, twitter, and biography on MWI Veterinary Supply, Inc's Lead411 profile, as well as MWI Veterinary Supply, Inc email addresses with the @mwivet.com domain format. Dale Danilewitz's email may or may not be inside the profile.  MWI Veterinary Supply, Inc is situated in Boise City, ID. You can find their contact information on Lead411 categorized under Office supplies.  Some possible email formats for Dale Danilewitz are DDanilewitz@mwivet.com, Dale.Danilewitz@mwivet.com, Dale@mwivet.com, and Dale_Danilewitz@mwivet.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@mwivet.com addresses.            


Similar People:
Dale D'ercole - Other
William Downe is BMO Harris Bank's CEO. Their Assistant Vice President, Mortgage Loan Originator is Dale D'ercole. Their Lead411 profile is categorized under the Banks industry. If you're checking for BMO Harris Bank email addresses, these are also available on Lead411 with the @bmoharris.com email format and possibly Dale D'ercole's email. BMO Harris Bank is based in Naperville, IL. You can also get Dale D'ercole's linkedin info, twitter, phone numbers, wiki, and biography on their Lead411 profile. Their contact information is filed under the Banks category.  Some possible email formats for Dale D'ercole are DD'ercole@bmoharris.com, Dale.D'ercole@bmoharris.com, Dale@bmoharris.com, and Dale_D'ercole@bmoharris.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@bmoharris.com addresses.
Dale D'mello - Other
Dale D'mello is part of Michigan State University, an organization which has its main offices in East Lansing, MI.  Dale serves as the Psychiatrist at Michigan State University.  If you're searching for Michigan State University email addresses, you can also find those on their Lead411 profile with the domain @msu.edu along with Dale D'mello's linkedin name, twitter tweets, wiki, phone numbers, and biography.Michigan State University's Lead411 profile is categorized under the Education/training industry.  Some possible email formats for Dale D'mello are DD'mello@msu.edu, Dale.D'mello@msu.edu, Dale@msu.edu, and Dale_D'mello@msu.edu. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@msu.edu addresses.
Dale D'sa - Other
Dale D'sa is the current Member Care Counsellor. You can find Dale D'sa's linkedin profile, phone numbers, wiki, twitter, and biography on CAA South Central Ontario's Lead411 profile, as well as CAA South Central Ontario email addresses with the @caasco.com domain format. Dale D'sa's email may or may not be inside the profile.  CAA South Central Ontario is situated in Thornhill, ON. You can find their contact information on Lead411 categorized under Insurance.  Some possible email formats for Dale D'sa are DD'sa@caasco.com, Dale.D'sa@caasco.com, Dale@caasco.com, and Dale_D'sa@caasco.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@caasco.com addresses.



Similar Employees:
Joseph Bond - Executive
Need to know Joseph Bond's email, phone numbers, linkedin profile, wiki, twitter username, and biography?  You can find contact information on MWI Veterinary Supply, Inc's Lead411 profile.  Joseph Bond is the Manager of IT Operations for MWI Veterinary Supply, Inc, an organization which has its base in Boise City, ID.  One can also find MWI Veterinary Supply, Inc email addresses on their Lead411 profile with the @mwivet.com url.  Office supplies is MWI Veterinary Supply, Inc's industry within the Lead411 database.  Some possible email formats for Joseph Bond are JBond@mwivet.com, Joseph.Bond@mwivet.com, Joseph@mwivet.com, and Joseph_Bond@mwivet.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@mwivet.com addresses.
Lisa Wilson - Other
Located in Boise City, ID MWI Veterinary Supply, Inc has Lisa Wilson serving as the organization's Customer Service Rep. Need Lisa Wilson's email, linkedin, phone numbers, facebook, wiki and biography? You can find essential contact information in MWI Veterinary Supply, Inc Lead411 profile, along with their MWI Veterinary Supply, Inc email addresses using the domain. Search for MWI Veterinary Supply, Inc on Lead411 under the Office supplies industry.  Some possible email formats for Lisa Wilson are LWilson@mwivet.com, Lisa.Wilson@mwivet.com, Lisa@mwivet.com, and Lisa_Wilson@mwivet.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@mwivet.com addresses.
Teresa Bibb - Executive
MWI Veterinary Supply, Inc's Territory Sales Manager is Teresa Bibb. They are based in Boise City, ID, and you can find their Lead411 profile filed under the Office supplies industry. Teresa Bibb's profile contains twitter, phone numbers, linkedin, wiki, and biography information, and you can also find other MWI Veterinary Supply, Inc contact information and email addresses on Lead411 with the @mwivet.com domain format.  Some possible email formats for Teresa Bibb are TBibb@mwivet.com, Teresa.Bibb@mwivet.com, Teresa@mwivet.com, and Teresa_Bibb@mwivet.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@mwivet.com addresses.

People Directory > Dale Danilewitz


































Identity Solutions – Profile















 

 














Menu



Close



Search



Expand



Collapse



Previous



Next



RSS Feed



LinkedIn



Twitter



Facebook



Email



Guerrero Howe



profile-logo-white





Profile







Search







Search for:



Search






Identity Solutions


Dale Danilewitz  Senior Vice, President & CIO, AmerisourceBergen

How Dale Danilewitz deftly merged the IT functions of three disparate business units at AmerisourceBergen, one of the largest pharmaceutical services companies in the United States
October 1, 2014


			By			Zach Baliva






Dale Danilewitz, who came to AmerisourceBergen in 1999 as vice president of information technology, had been CIO of AmerisourceBergen Specialty Group and became senior vice president to lead an IT restructuring. Early on, it was important for him to know the lay of the land. In 2012, AmerisourceBergen took spot 32 on the Fortune 500 list and ended the year with its revenues approaching $80 billion.
With no plans of slowing down, the pharmaceutical services company set its sights on continued growth, but leaders repeatedly encountered the same problem—IT and IT services had grown independently of each other across the three major units, each having their own systems, staffing, and strategy. “None of our business units even shared an e-mail server,” Danilewitz recalls. “Everything was isolated.” When the management team decided two years ago to centralize IT to leverage AmerisourceBergen’s tools and technologies across the business and drive down costs, Danilewitz dug deep into how each entity was handling its IT function.
He didn’t find much overlap. Each business unit—Specialty Group, Drug Corporation, and Consulting Services—and their respective IT shops were at different stages of evolution and each ran IT independently. Specialty Group had implemented an enterprise-resource-planning system in 2001. The much larger Drug Corporation had spent four years upgrading its infrastructure and back office by implementing system-applications products, which as a result, led to a pent-up demand for services. Consulting Services ran a different business model in which applications were developed to support their customers, resulting in a large IT development and testing community. “We had to match three totally different cultures at three totally different stages of their IT life cycles,” says Danilewitz. Each business unit had a system designed to meet its unique needs, and no single system would work perfectly for the other two.
AmerisourceBergen’s FastFind Universal carousel storage and inventory management system allows pharmacy technicians to easily retrieve medications. In addition to being ergonomic, the system gives pharmacies greater insight into inventory and enhances the safety of patients.
From the start, Danilewitz and his team had their work cut out for them. They had to please three groups with specific needs—three units accustomed to their own IT way of life. “I purposefully didn’t talk about it as a shared service because I didn’t want the businesses to believe we would simply integrate everyone and put them on a shared platform,” he says. “My aim was not to centralize but rather to gain leverage.” Instead of throwing everyone together and cobbling together the IT version of Dr. Frankenstein’s monster, Danilewitz set out to provide the best of all three worlds by maintaining a system where “employees remain local to their business but are still connected to the larger company.” Services may be shared globally but managed locally.
 “You only enjoy the benefits of shared service when you get everyone on the same platform,” Danilewitz says. He kept that firmly in mind from day one and worked to get all three units operating in the same space early. AmerisourceBergen uses Salesforce.com, which integrates the enterprise level with local management.
The IT team is moving all three business units to the same network, implementing the same platform when it makes sense, and adopting the same underlying exchange and identity management systems. The move will enable the company to centralize and leverage whenever it makes sense. Centralizing sourcing drove immediate benefit, both financially and from a governance perspective. 
With the integration underway, Danilewitz and his staff developed a service-management office and provided the opportunity for all IT employees in the company to receive training on an industry-best-practice framework, IT infrastructure library, and IT service management. By using this framework, Danilewitz avoided parochial resistance to a set of processes because they did not emanate from any of the original IT teams. It also provided a common vocabulary and a standard set of processes that drove discipline around quality, performance, reliability, and accountability for both the business and IT. They have enjoyed early buy-in, as a large percentage of employees have attended training and achieved certification. 
It has taken considerable effort to initiate the restructuring, but there is still a long way to go. While executives had expected huge reductions in costs, the changes are proving most effective by preventing cost increases and adding value by increasing the level and quality of services provided by leveraging best practices. In just 18 months, the program has helped AmerisourceBergen decrease its number of data centers from 23 to 19. Leaders hope to eliminate 17 more in the next few years.
Today, each business unit at AmerisourceBergen still operates with its own profit and loss statements, marketing, strategies, and leadership. Danilewitz instructs his team to work virtually to support all functions and drive a single culture forward. In doing so, he’s creating a brand for IT services and emphasizing that the group will also operate as a business. IT will actually manage services, and they’ll compete with third parties to deliver those services. Danilewitz and his colleagues will have to maintain quality and costs comparable to their competitors.
Danilewitz is looking back at his work so far as he tweaks future plans. Internal surveys with the IT staff and business units provide invaluable feedback, he says, and he’s also relying on focus groups, monthly town hall meetings, and Salesforce.com’s internal social media network, Chatter.
Danilewitz’s work is far from over. In 2012, AmerisourceBergen paid $520 million to acquire World Courier, a clinical trial logistics provider. As expansion, acquisitions, and growth continue, his team will be there to integrate the new businesses and assimilate their information technology to deliver a full array of services.







In This Issue


 
Leslie Ramos



 
The People Point of View



 
Guiding Growth



 
Management at the 50-yard Line






You Might Also Like



 
Prepped for the Leading Edge



 
The Case for Market Diversification



 
Divided Yet Strong



 
Grappling with a Telecom Bust

















Biography -  AmerisourceBergenHome Investors BiographyBiography Corporate Overview Stock Information Investor Communications SEC Filings Contact Us Corporate GovernanceHighlightsCommittee CompositionCorporate OfficersBoard of Directors Proxy MaterialsRSS FeedsRequest InfoTell a FriendPrint<< BackDale DanilewitzExecutive Vice President and Chief Information OfficerDale Danilewitz is Executive Vice President and Chief Information Officer of AmerisourceBergen. Prior to being named to his current role in 2012, he was Chief Information Officer of AmerisourceBergen Specialty Group. Dale joined the company in 1999 as Vice President of Information Technology.
Prior to joining AmerisourceBergen he held other management positions with American Airlines and The Sabre Group. He also worked for Whirlpool Corporation and ran the Advanced Technology Group. He holds a Bachelor of Science from Witwatersrand in Johannesburg, South Africa, with a Graduate Degree in Computer Science from Rhodes University in South Africa and a Masters in Science in Electrical Engineering from Imperial College of London.
 












Dale Danilewitz, AmerisourceBergen Corporation CIO & EVP - REDBOOKS








































Brands, Marketers, Agencies. Search Less. Sell More.





/   SIGN IN

GET A FREE TRIAL   
CONTACT US: (800) 908-5395





















Dale  Danilewitz
CIO & EVP, AmerisourceBergen Corporation

EMAIL: 
                      







              Real-time sales trigger feed - generated by REDBOOKS machine learning and natural language processing technology, tracking 800,000+ news sources to aggregate all new executives, job/role changes and news on decision makers, brands and agencies in the media/marketing industry.
              

              This sales feed is for Dale  Danilewitz at AmerisourceBergen Corporation. Dale  Danilewitz works as CIO & EVP , acting in a Data/Privacy role .  AmerisourceBergen Corporation is a leader in Pharmaceuticals & Health Care Products .
              REDBOOKS tracks personnel changes for advertisers spending over $1 million annually.
              

              For more Data/Privacy leads or media/marketing prospecting automation, start a free trial now.
              

Recent Related News


07/28/2017:


Matthew A Funk wrote a new post, IBIT Meetings, on the site Matthew Funk

..... These meetings have given me a new perspective on the IT industry, and I highly encourage every MIS student to attend an IBIT meeting.
The most memorable IBIT meeting I attended was with Dale Danilewitz, CIO of AmerisourceBergen. Hearing the background of a CIO and how he worked his way to his current job title was truly amazing. .....

People In This Article:
Dale Danilewitz
 

06/21/2017:


AmerisourceBergen Structures Operating Model, Executive Leadership Team to Offer More Cohesive, Unified Customer Experience,...

..... Collis, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer* John G. Chou, Chief Legal and Business Officer, who will now have responsibility for legal and regulatory affairs along with strategy, innovation and business development led by Sun Park, Executive Vice President, Strategy and Business Development, as well as information technology led by Dale Danilewitz, Executive Vice President and Chief Information Officer* Gina K. Clark, Chief Communications and Administration Officer, who will now have responsibility for marketing and communication and corporate citizenship and sustainability along with human resources led by Kathy H. .....

People In This Article:
Dale Danilewitz
,                                            Gina K. Clark
,                                            James Frary
,                                            John G. Chou
,                                            Kathy H. Gaddes
,                                            Peyton Howell
,                                            Rita Norton
,                                            Sun Park
,                                            Tim G. Guttman
 






Learn more about Dale  Danilewitz  and 260,000+ key contacts

  Create targeted lead lists

  Gain insider knowledge with advanced machine  learning
  Real-time verified contact info



Enter Work Email:

Please enter email address.
 Please enter valid email address.









             Learn more about Dale  Danilewitz and 260,000+ key contacts
            



























First Name *

 Please enter first name.




Last Name *

 Please enter last name.






Company Name *

 Please enter company name.






Email *





Phone *

 Please enter phone number.
 Please enter 10 digits number.





What industry are you in? *  
                (Please select one the categories below)
Please enter value for the industry.




                     Media Sales
                  




                     Production
                  




                     Ad-Tech/Mar-Tech
                  




                     Sponsorship Sales
                  



  Agency New Business
                  



  Other:
                  




What is your role? *
                 
                 (Please select one the categories below)
Please enter value for the role.



  C-Suite
                  



  VP/Manager
                  



  Sales Rep
                  



  Other:
                  














Thank you for registering for a Free REDBOOKS.com Trial!
We are processing your request and will be in touch shortly to get you started!
For Immediate Assistance, please call us at (800) 908-5395 or email us at info@redbooks.com


























Home
Learn More
FREE Trial


Features




AD THINK Events
Thought Leadership Events
Top Advertiser Directory
Top Agency Directory



Add Your Agency
Update Your Agency
Agency Showcase
Advertising Associations
Creative Spotlight
Services and Suppliers


About Us
Blog
Contact Us
Jobs
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy





Customer Support
(800) 908-5395
Connect with us




















Copyright © 2017 Red Books LLC. All rights reserved
































Dale Danilewitz
























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Dale Danilewitz - Patents







 


  FREE patent keyword monitoring and additional FREE benefits.  REGISTER now for FREE 
 




    

















  



Browse Inventors:
A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | X | Y | Z






    SEARCH FreshPatents:   
  | Online Background Check



Dale Danilewitz patentsRecent bibliographic sampling of Dale Danilewitz patents listed/published in the public domain by the USPTO (USPTO Patent Application #,Title): 02/14/13 - 20130041784 - System and method for pharmaceutical management and trackingA product inventory management system including a cabinet configured to contain an inventory of product units having RFID tags and further configured to monitor the inventory by wirelessly detecting the RFID tags, and a server system configured to communicate over a network with the cabinet, the server system capable of... Inventors: Dale Danilewitz (Amerisourcebergen Specialty Group)
Amerisourcebergen Specialty GroupArchived* (*May have duplicates - we are upgrading our archive.)
  	20070145130 - Method and apparatus for pharmaceutical management and tracking20070150382 - System and method for pharmaceutical management and tracking ###The bibliographic references displayed about Dale Danilewitz's patents are for a recent sample of Dale Danilewitz's publicly published patent applications. The inventor/author may have additional bibliographic citations listed at the USPTO.gov. FreshPatents.com is not associated or affiliated in any way with the author/inventor or the United States Patent/Trademark Office but is providing this non-comprehensive sample listing for educational and research purposes using public bibliographic data published and disseminated from the United States Patent/Trademark Office public datafeed. This information is also available for free on the USPTO.gov website.  If Dale Danilewitz filed recent patent applications under another name, spelling or location then those applications could be listed on an alternate page. If no bibliographic references are listed here, it is possible there are no recent filings or there is a technical issue with the listing--in that case, we recommend doing a search on the USPTO.gov website. ###Sign up for the FreshPatents.com FREE Keyword Monitor and check for keyword phrases (ie. "RFID" , "wireless", "web development", "fuel cells" etc.)...You will be notified when new patent applications and inventions are published that match your keywords. Also you can save for later research public patent/invention documents using our FREE Organizer. It takes only 30 seconds to sign up or login.Advertise on FreshPatents.com - Rates & Info###Design/code © 2014 FreshContext LLC/Freshpatents.com.Patent data source: patents published by the United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO)Information published here is for research/educational purposes only (and in conjunction with our Keyword Monitor) and is not meant to be used in place of the full USPTO patent document/images or a comprehensive patent archive search. Complete official applications are on file at the USPTO and may contain additional data/images. FreshPatents.com is not affiliated with or endorsed by the USPTO or firms/individuals or products/designs/ideas related to listed patents and there may be applicable trademarks or servicemarks within the documents.FreshPatents.com Support - Terms & Conditions



























DALE DANILEWITZ News - CIO Journal. - WSJ































































DOW JONES, A NEWS CORP COMPANY








News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services.

DOW JONES

Barron's
BigCharts
DJX
Dow Jones Newswires
Factiva
Financial News
Mansion Global
MarketWatch


Newsmart
NewsPlus
Private Markets
Risk & Compliance
WSJ.com
WSJ Pro
WSJ Conference
WSJ Video



NEWS CORP

Big Decisions
Business Spectator
Checkout51
Harper Collins
New York Post
PropTiger
REA


realtor.com
Storyful
The Australian
The Sun
The Times













DJIA Futures
▲

21706
-0.17%



 


S&P 500 F
▲

2465.25
-0.27%



 


Stoxx 600
▲

378.63
-0.97%



 


U.S. 10 Yr
▲

-4/32 yield
2.327%



 


Crude Oil
▲

49.09
0.10%



 


Euro
▲

1.1728
0.45%



 











Subscribe Now
Sign In





The Wall Street Journal
business
business



Sections



                  My Journal
                  
                





Home


World


U.S.


Politics


Economy


Business


Tech


Markets


Opinion


Arts


Life


Real Estate


Today's Paper


SHOW ALL SECTIONS
HIDE ALL SECTIONS




World Home


Africa
Asia
Canada
China
Europe
Latin America
Middle East


Economy


World Video




U.S. Home


Economy
Law
New York
Politics


Real Time Economics
Washington Wire


Journal Report
U.S. Video
What's News Podcast




Politics Home


Washington Wire


Politics Video
WSJ/NBC News Poll




Economy Home


Real Time Economics


Economic Forecasting Survey
Economy Video




Business Home


Management
Tech/WSJ.D


Aerospace & Defense
Autos & Transportation
Commercial Real Estate
Consumer Products
Energy
Entrepreneurship
Financial Services
Food & Services
Health Care
Hospitality
Law
Manufacturing
Media & Marketing
Natural Resources
Retail


CFO Journal
CIO Journal
CMO Today
Logistics Report
Risk & Compliance


Heard on the Street


Business Video
Journal Report
Business Podcast




Tech Home


CIO Journal


Geoffrey Fowler
Christopher Mims
Joanna Stern
Li Yuan


Billion Dollar Startup Club
Tech Video
Tech Podcast
Startup Stock Trader




Markets Home


Bonds
Commercial Real Estate
Commodities & Futures
Currencies
Deals
Financial Services
Funds
Stocks
Your Money


Heard on the Street
MoneyBeat
Wealth Adviser
Ahead of the Tape


CFO Journal
Journal Report
Market Data
Markets Video
Markets Podcast
MoneyBeat Podcast
Watching Your Wealth Podcast




Opinion Home


James Freeman
William A. Galston
Daniel Henninger
Holman W. Jenkins
William McGurn
Peggy Noonan
Mary Anastasia O'Grady
Jason Riley
Kimberley A. Strassel


Books
Film
Television
Theater
Art
Masterpiece Series
Music
Dance
Opera
Exhibition
Cultural Commentary


Editorials
Commentary
Letters to the Editor
The Weekend Interview
Potomac Watch Podcast
Foreign Edition Podcast
Opinion Video
Notable & Quotable
Best of the Web Newsletter
Morning Editorial Report Newsletter




Arts Home


Books
Film
Television
Theater
Art
Masterpiece Series


Arts Video
WSJ. Magazine




Life Home


Careers
Cars
Food & Drink
Health
Ideas
Real Estate
Science
Sports
Style & Fashion
Travel


Life Video
WSJ. Magazine
WSJ Puzzles
The Future of Everything




Real Estate Home


Commercial Real Estate
House of the Day
Mansion


Real Estate Video





HIDE ALL SECTIONS





Aim higher, reach further.

              Get the Wall Street Journal $12 for 12 weeks.
              Subscribe Now


Sign In


Reveal Navigation Options



Subscribe
Sign In










        			Sign Up For CIO Emails
        		



The Morning Download
From the CIO Journal team, the Morning Download cues up the most important news in business technology every weekday morning.

Add
Remove



The 10-Point.
A personal, guided tour to the best scoops and stories every day in The Wall Street Journal.

Add
Remove




Manage Email Subscriptions




Sign Up For CIO Emails

Error
NoEmailMessage
genericErrorMessage

AccountSettingsMessage1
AccountSettingsLinkText
AccountSettingsMessage2

Close
Manage Email Subscriptions





CIO Journal.









CIO Journal.
DALE DANILEWITZ


                
                	Showing 1 – 2 of 2




















Change Management
Reporter’s Phablet: CIOs Tackle the People Issues Tied to Digital Transformation


Nov 2, 2015 6:21 pm  ET





0















Big Data
Drug Wholesaler AmerisourceBergen Building New Data Bridges to Manufacturers


Oct 28, 2015 6:16 pm  ET





0







































		Topics
	

Automation
Implementation
Software
Leadership
Fintech
Big Data
Cloud
Security






              		About CIO Journal.
              	

CIO Journal provides time-pressed CIOs with a definitive destination for the most relevant news and analysis, to help them connect the dots between technology trends and business strategy. Its team of reporters and editors—aided by the resources of Dow Jones and thousands of other premium news sites—focuses on the use of technology as a tool for business growth. Contact our editors with news items, comments and questions at: ciojeditors@wsj.com.









                    Follow @CIOJournal
                  






Sign up for CIO Newsletters & Alerts

 






                    Video
                  









PLAY




PLAY​Three Companies ​That ​Could Be Safe From Amazon
                            





PLAYA History of Sears: Through Highs and Lows
                            





PLAYYellen: Inflation Should Rebound, Fed Could Alter Policy
                            









Most Popular Videos









Sen. Graham: The 'Skinny' Bill Is a Disaster









Dan Neil Drives VW's Atlas









How Luxury Home Builders Build for Themselves









Who and What Is Covered by Medicaid?









USS Thunderbolt Fires Warning Shots at Iranian Vessel in Gulf






Most Popular Articles








Scaramucci Erupts Over Priebus and Leakers 








Stop Saying Tom Brady Is Old! 








Hanging Nude Paintings in Your Home: So Out, They’re In








Bad News If You Make $150,000 to $300,000: Higher Taxes for Many 








Opinion: How Long Can the Trump Tumult Go On?


















 



Sponsored Sections


Perspectives on U.S. Energy sponsored by Siemens


CERAWeek Connection Sponsored by IHS ENERGY CERAWEEK


China Watch Presented by China Daily


Architizer A+ Awards presented by Cadillac


 
















































