

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version












﻿







Hedge Funds – Octafinance



















































 








Friday, 28 July 2017

























 

Menu



Featured News


						2 years ago - Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Tests Its Ad Technology On Billboards To Cushion Itself Against Ad Blocks


						2 years ago - China Margin Debt Hits 8-Week High, Japan Pumps’n’Dumps As Kyle Bass Fears Looming EM Banking Crisis


						2 years ago - Marc Faber Shares His Insight in One Hour Exclusive Interview. He Covers All From Commodities and China to Inflation, The Euro and Gold


						2 years ago - Carl Icahn Criticizes the Fed. Feels Bad For Investors Buying Junk Bonds


						2 years ago - John Burbank: European QE Can’t Save The Markets Same As the U.S. Quantitative Easing. Everything Will Be Liquidated









Home » Hedge Funds 

Hedge Funds 

Share with your friendsYour NameYour EmailRecipient EmailEnter a MessageI read this article and found it very interesting, thought it might be interesting for you. The article is called Hedge Funds and is was published by Octafinance.com at http://www.octafinance.com/hedge-funds/.CaptchaSubmit
Hedge Funds Database
In our Free Hedge Funds Database we have listed more than 4000+ hedge funds and institutional investors. You can see the fund’s summary, employees, AUM, portfolio values, historical 13F, current portfolio, holdings, new positions, sector weights, sentiment, turnover, top 10 holdings and more.
What is a Hedge Fund? A Closer Look at Hedge Funds.
There are plenty of investment vehicles that financially savvy individuals can think about investing in or tracking. The hedge fund is just one of those, but it is also the one that is worth looking at. There’s an air of mystery about this type of investment vehicle, but it is not always a tough nut to crack. What investors need to do is to educate themselves on what hedge funds are and to understand what risks they should expect to expose their investments to.
How Do Hedge Funds Work?
Hedge funds are considered as viable alternatives to the existing forms of investment on the financial markets. However, it is not open to every individual investor. Rather, the funds are more ideal for people and institutions that have significant amount of assets that they want to be managed and grown. Managers typically pool together the assets of their clients to create a unified fund, and then they make their trades and investments using that single fund.
It is theoretically similar to mutual funds, but they differ in the techniques. That’s the reason why it’s not open to individual investors. There are significant risks involved – aside from traditional investment vehicles like the popular mutual funds and stock market options as well as bonds, hedge fund managers lean more towards high risk but sophisticated trading techniques to realize significant profits for their clients’ portfolio.
Adding to the risk exposure is the fact that hedge funds are not as closely regulated as the other financial instruments. Hedge fund managers are not always required to make filings and reports to the Securities and Exchange Commission, but that’s on a case to case basis. If the assets are large enough, the SEC will require reports. Hedge fund managers, however, are bound by law to protect their clients’ investments or face anti-fraud measures.
A Brief History of Hedge Funds
Hedge funds have a very long history. People and institutions began investing in this vehicle at the early 21st century. The funds never lost popularity over time. Before the recession hit, there was a total value of US$1.93 trillion being managed by hedge fund managers worldwide. The industry had a brief hiccup afterwards, because of the sub-prime mortgage crisis, but it eventually recovered. This is a testimony to how popular hedge funds really are, and how much investors are willing to trust their assets to managers.
Hedge fund assets totaled $2 trillion worldwide by April 2011, just three years after the crisis burst. By the third quarter of 2014, the worldwide value of assets under management or AUM is at $2.38 trillion and may continue to grow in the next years.
Hedge Fund Strategies
Hedge fund managers do not subscribe to a single strategy but, rather, they employ a combination of various strategies. It is not uncommon to find hedge fund managers putting some of the money in their management to purchase securities derivatives.
There are, however, some popular strategies that hedge fund managers acknowledge and use. Hedge fund managers will exercise any strategy and option within their discretion in response to several factors in the market.
Here are some of the strategies that hedge fund managers could use, either by itself or in tandem with other techniques in managing assets:

Global macro

This type of strategy relies on identifying macroeconomic events that take place around the world to make investment decisions. Managers generally look at the big picture globally to identify potential entry points for profitable investments. The Global Macro approach leverages multiple markets, and managers will employ long and short investment strategies to maximize profits from volatile market movements. This approach is very flexible, and very diversified as well because there are many variations of sub-strategy under this umbrella.

Directional

The directional strategy does not pay too much attention to what is happening to markets on a global basis. Instead, directional strategy dictates that fund managers look at each individual market movement when picking ideal investments. A typical action under this strategy is to invest in equities with an eye for the long term, and to couple that position with short-term buying and selling to hedge against risk.

Event-driven

Hedge fund managers following this philosophy are focused in following corporate events and leveraging their assets to earn from the market movement influenced by these occurrences. For instance, company consolidations and mergers can make possible upward movements in price. Event-driven hedge fund management will typically take positions before or after such events take place in order to leverage and earn profits from the price movements that occur. Even bankruptcy declarations can also spur action from event-driven hedge fund managers.

Relative value

Relative event hedge fund management focuses on finding price discrepancies and investing on those. This is the most technical of all the four management strategies discussed so far. Analysis is very comprehensive and somewhat holistic, as there are many types of analysis carried out under this strategy to identify the profitable price discrepancies.
How Do Hedge Fund Managers Approach Risk?
As mentioned above, hedge funds are not advisable for all types of investors because of the amount of risk involved in their operation. That is where risk mitigation comes in. In fact, managers operating in the hedge fund industry are described as being the most meticulous – they use the most stringent and the most precise means of protecting investments against the risks that the volatility of the market brings.
The most common method of reducing the risk exposure of managed assets is to diversify. The entirety of the funds used to set up the hedge funds are split between various investments, and varying investment positions. For instance, some of the funds may be put into long-term positions in low-risk, low-return funds that can steadily gain in the passage of time.
A portion of the funds may be invested in high-risk, high-return investment positions that the hedge fund manager may monitor in the short term, taking into consideration the risk factor and market environment.
In addition, hedge fund companies may employ risk officers. These are not people who are directly involved in trading, but have knowledge in how markets work. These risk officers will focus on identifying long and short-term risks to the assets under management, and will then work on creating a comprehensive risk management strategy that will be applied by the hedge fund managers for their managed assets.
Other techniques for managing risk in hedge funds include using risk management methodologies as well as operational due diligence.
Offshore and Onshore Hedge Funds
Because of their popularity and the global nature of their investment, hedge fund managers can be found all over the world. There are two types of hedge fund management companies, and they are the onshore and offshore hedge fund managers. Their differences lie mainly in the levying of tax on the investors’ earnings.
Offshore hedge fund managers give their investors the advantage of minimal tax consequences. For example, US-based investors who enjoy tax exemptions on their investments, particularly in retirement funds, will turn to offshore hedge funds. This helps them avoid being taxed for their income from the hedge funds.
On the other hand, if offshore hedge funds invest in instruments and securities in the United States, they can expect the US government to slap withholding taxes on their investments. However, there are no capital gains tax involved here – this is to make sure that offshore investors are not double-taxed for any increase on the value of their assets. Only their local jurisdiction has the legal right to levy any taxes on the investors for gains they see from their investments.
The presence of both onshore and offshore hedge management funds make the taxation more flexible and more personalized according to each investor’s personal expectations in taxation. In addition, it encourages global investment because of the measures imposed specifically to avoid the horrors of double-taxation – a common fear among investors who have eyes on diversifying globally.
Prominent Centers of Investment
The United States remains the center of global hedge fund management. 70% of the hedge fund managers that oversee the progress of global funds are based in the United States. The Securities and Exchange Commission has in its registry nearly 4,000 financial experts, as of April 2012, who handled management of hedge funds. These are found across the US, but most of them are based in New York City and Connecticut’s Gold Coast.
As for European hedge funds, London is the home of the managers with over 800 of them found in the city. In 2011, these firms were responsible for managing 85% of the hedge fund assets from continental Europe.
There is a growing market in Asia, particularly in Japan. Growing economic centers Hong Kong and Singapore are also experiencing a growth in hedge fund assets under management, but it will be some time before they achieve the demand in hedge fund managers enjoyed by the US and London in Europe. In fact, most of the hedge funds from Asia are managed by offshore companies based in these two centers.
Hedge Fund Industry – Assets Under Management




(USD Billions)
4rd Qtr 2014
3rd Qtr 2014
2nd Qtr 2014
1st Qtr 2014


Hedge Funds
$2478.6B
$2380.5B
$2339.4B
$2259.9B


Funds of Funds
$448.3B
$457.0B
$462.5B
$485.4B


Sectors






Convertible Arbitrage
$29.5B
$30.6B
$31.2B
$31.1B


Distressed Securities
$180.1B
$177.1B
$170.2B
$162.4B


Emerging Markets
$272.9B
$274.3B
$271.2B
$256.1B


Equity Long Bias
$208.8B
$203.1B
$200.9B
$194.6B


Equity Long/Short
$199.4B
$193.4B
$200.2B
$204.4B


Equity Long-Only
$130.5B
$125.2B
$125.2B
$116.8B


Equity Market Neutral
$43.4B
$37.9B
$34.1B
$32.2B


Event Driven
$290.9B
$285.1B
$275.6B
$251.0B


Fixed Income
$377.5B
$380.4B
$373.1B
$339.9B


Macro
$204.0B
$195.1B
$192.5B
$195.1B


Merger Arbitrage
$31.3B
$32.3B
$28.5B
$24.8B


Multi-Strategy
$276.1B
$264.2B
$254.0B
$276.5B


Other
$96.2B
$115.4B
$115.4B
$128.6B


Sector Specific
$138.1B
$131.7B
$132.2B
$127.6B



Hedge Funds are not the only alternative way to invest in the investment universe. A different class of investment are Managed Futures.

 
Commodity trading advisors are these that provide managed futures accounts or funds and they have very different return profile and correlations than hedge funds. Managed Futures offer a good way to diversify hedge fund or other traditional investments and in some cases could also offer lower minimum investment requirements. Because hedge funds are usually stock picking and don’t provide crisis alpha, managed funds which do, are a good way to avoid painful market correction.
Hedge Fund News
We offer completely free hedge fund news on more than 4000+ funds and their managers. Read about their traders, portfolios, strategies and returns. Don’t forget to also visit our hedge fund returns section where we have ranked the top 60 hedge funds by annualized returns since inception and listed their trading strategies and styles.

Receive News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.












 





Free Email Newsletter
    Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for your stocks with our FREE daily email newsletter:







Hedge Fund NewsTop 10 CITADEL ADVISORS 13F Holdings in Q3 2015DF DENT & CO INC Just Released Its Q3 2015 Stock PositionsMAVERICK CAPITAL Top 10 Holdings in Q3 2015Analyzing Ken Griffins CITADEL ADVISORS Stock Holdings in Q3 2015LONE PINE CAPITAL Top 10 13F Positions in Q3 2015Guru NewsFelix Zulauf Sees a Stock Market Correction Coming. This Rally S&P 500 (INDEXSP:.INX) Will Be Short-LivedMarc Faber Shares His Insight in One Hour Exclusive Interview. He Covers All From Commodities and China to Inflation, The Euro and GoldJim Grant: The Next Thing Might Be Helicopter Money. What to Buy and Where He Sees Investment OpportunitiesKyle Bass Bearish on Emerging Markets for at least 2 More Years. Looking to Short CurrenciesDavid Tepper Gets Defensive. Is it Time to Get Out of The Stock Market?


Macro NewsChina Margin Debt Hits 8-Week High, Japan Pumps’n’Dumps As Kyle Bass Fears Looming EM Banking CrisisAre US – Russian Relations A Zero-Sum Game?US and Russia have launched direct talks on the conflict in SyriaYuan Drops as PBOC Cuts Reference Rate by Most Since DevaluationCould the market crash like 1987?—put volume spike argues low is nearCTAs NewsRed Rock Just Published Report About The Trend Following Landscape & How CTAs’ Performance Must Be AnalyzedHow to Implement Dual Momentum for non-US InvestorsDo Commodity Trading Advisors (CTAs) Really Provide Crisis Alpha, Equity Hedge and Are Long Volatility?Futures NewsVictor Sperandeo Believes the Risk/Reward for Commodities Is 1/10. Recommends 5%-10% Allocation: iPath Bloomberg Commodity exchange-traded note (DJP)For Commodities, It’s 2008 All Over Again. 18 of the 22 components in the Bloomberg Commodity Index have dropped at least 20%Morgan Stanley Joins’s Gold Bearish Camp And Sees The Possibility of Gold Decreasing to $800 Per OunceRussian Majors Rosneft, Gazprom and Lukoil sit pretty at US$60/bblFour Houston oil companies among Goldman Sachs’ picks for likely acquisition targets : EOG Resources (NYSE:EOG), Noble Energy (NYSE:NBL), Anadarko Petroleum (NYSE:APC) and Cabot Oil & Gas (NYSE:COG)





















	DARSANA Trademark of DARSANA CAPITAL PARTNERS LP. Serial Number: 86140378 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Insurance & Financial Services
DARSANA










 
Get FREE email alerts













DARSANA  Trademark Information
 DARSANA CAPITAL PARTNERS LP
Financial portfolio management; Investment advisory services; Investment management; Investment of funds for others




Perfect for these industries

Insurance & Financial Services





Words that describe this mark
financial   portfolio   management   investment   advisory   services   investment   management   investment   funds    
                                    




This is a brand page for the DARSANA trademark by DARSANA CAPITAL PARTNERS LP 
                                in NEW YORK, NY, 10019.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this DARSANA trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner DARSANA CAPITAL PARTNERS LP of the DARSANA trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the DARSANA trademark.
                           






On Wednesday, December 11, 2013,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        DARSANA by 
                        DARSANA CAPITAL PARTNERS LP, NEW YORK, NY  10019.
                        The USPTO has given the DARSANA 
                        trademark serial  number of  86140378.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is REGISTERED.
                        The correspondent listed for DARSANA is 
                        
                        
                                            MICHAEL J. BROWN of 
                                            MICHAEL J BROWN LAW OFFICE LLC,  354 EISENHOWER PKWY, LIVINGSTON, NJ 07039-1022 
                                .
                            The DARSANA trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Insurance & Financial Services
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for DARSANA 
                            is Financial portfolio management; Investment advisory services; Investment management; Investment of funds for others. 
                            





Word mark:
 DARSANA


  Status/Status Date:  


REGISTERED

11/18/2014



  Serial Number:  
86140378


  Filing Date:  
12/11/2013


 Registration Number:  
4642508 


 Registration Date:  
11/18/2014


 Goods and Services: 
Financial portfolio management; Investment advisory services; Investment management; Investment of funds for others


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
4/29/2014


Last Applicant/Owner:

DARSANA CAPITAL PARTNERS LPNEW YORK, NY  10019
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Standard Character Mark


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 (NOT AVAILABLE)


 Correspondent:


MICHAEL J. BROWN
MICHAEL J BROWN LAW OFFICE LLC
354 EISENHOWER PKWY
LIVINGSTON, NJ 07039-1022






 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (036) - Insurance; financial affairs; monetary affairs; real estate affairs. 


First Use Anywhere: 
Not provided


First Use In Commerce: 
Not provided





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your DARSANA trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

11/18/2014
REGISTERED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



MICHAEL J. BROWN


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of DARSANA trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search darsana on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for DARSANA 




DARSANA is providing Financial portfolio management; Investment advisory services; Investment management; Investment of funds for others.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 





























 













Darsana Capital Partners LP Buys Autodesk, Comcast, Alphabet, Sells Adobe Systems, Spirit ... - Nasdaq.com

















































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search










































Darsana Capital Partners LP Buys Autodesk, Comcast, Alphabet, Sells Adobe Systems, Spirit ...


February 14, 2017, 07:38:05 AM EDT
By insider, GuruFocus









































Shutterstock photo


Darsana Capital Partners LPNew Purchases: ADSK , CMCSA , GOOG , SBUX,Added Positions:FB, CRI, DLTR,Reduced Positions:SPR, CMG, BAC,Sold Out:ADBE, DAL,For the details of Darsana Capital Partners LP's stock buys and sells, go to http://www.gurufocus.com/StockBuy.php?GuruName=Darsana+Capital+Partners+LPThese are the top 5 holdings of Darsana Capital Partners LPSpirit AeroSystems Holdings Inc ( SPR ) - 5,500,000 shares, 17% of the total portfolio. Shares reduced by 24.14%The Priceline Group Inc ( PCLN ) - 120,000 shares, 9.32% of the total portfolio.MSCI Inc ( MSCI ) - 2,100,000 shares, 8.76% of the total portfolio.Dollar Tree Inc ( DLTR ) - 1,975,000 shares, 8.07% of the total portfolio. Shares added by 12.86%Carter's Inc ( CRI ) - 1,400,000 shares, 6.41% of the total portfolio. Shares added by 16.67%New Purchase: Autodesk Inc (ADSK)Darsana Capital Partners LP initiated holdings in Autodesk Inc. The purchase prices were between $67.61 and $81.74, with an estimated average price of $73.63. The stock is now traded at around $84.28. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 5.98%. The holdings were 1,525,000 shares as of 2016-12-31.New Purchase: Comcast Corp (CMCSA)Darsana Capital Partners LP initiated holdings in Comcast Corp. The purchase prices were between $60.66 and $71.02, with an estimated average price of $66.79. The stock is now traded at around $75.71. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 3.66%. The holdings were 1,000,000 shares as of 2016-12-31.New Purchase: Alphabet Inc (GOOG)Darsana Capital Partners LP initiated holdings in Alphabet Inc. The purchase prices were between $736.08 and $813.11, with an estimated average price of $779.09. The stock is now traded at around $819.24. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 3.07%. The holdings were 75,000 shares as of 2016-12-31.New Purchase: Starbucks Corp (SBUX)Darsana Capital Partners LP initiated holdings in Starbucks Corp. The purchase prices were between $51.77 and $59.31, with an estimated average price of $55.4. The stock is now traded at around $56.11. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 2.94%. The holdings were 1,000,000 shares as of 2016-12-31.Added: Facebook Inc (FB)Darsana Capital Partners LP added to the holdings in Facebook Inc by 53.85%. The purchase prices were between $115.05 and $133.28, with an estimated average price of $122.81. The stock is now traded at around $134.05. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 2.13%. The holdings were 1,000,000 shares as of 2016-12-31.Sold Out: Adobe Systems Inc (ADBE)Darsana Capital Partners LP sold out the holdings in Adobe Systems Inc. The sale prices were between $99.51 and $110.81, with an estimated average price of $105.86.Sold Out: Delta Air Lines Inc (DAL)Darsana Capital Partners LP sold out the holdings in Delta Air Lines Inc. The sale prices were between $38.94 and $51.78, with an estimated average price of $45.59.Warning! GuruFocus has detected 2 Warning Sign with FB. Click here to check it out.FB 15-Year Financial DataThe intrinsic value of FBPeter Lynch Chart of FBPremium MembersThis article first appeared on GuruFocus .



The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.











This article appears in:
Investing                           
                            
                                , Stocks





Referenced Symbols:

                                        SPR
                                    
, 

                                        PCLN
                                    
, 

                                        MSCI
                                    
, 

                                        DLTR
                                    
, 

                                        CRI
                                    












More from GuruFocus



Subscribe




This is the cheapest company in the Buffett-Munger model portfolio














Related Stocks Articles




Subscribe







Could White House Drama Derail Your Portfolio?


						7/28/2017 07:52 AM
					



Keep The Backdoor Roth Open


						7/28/2017 07:48 AM
					



Disruptor Alert: These 3 Companies are Changing Retail


						7/28/2017 07:37 AM
					














Contributor:GuruFocus
Stock Picks, Portfolios



Follow on:

























Most Popular




Highest Rated








Mitel To Acquire ShoreTel - Quick Facts
Sientra Completes Acquisition of Miramar Labs®
Seagate Technology PLC Q4 Profit Rises 174%
LedgerX gets U.S. approval for derivatives on digital currencies
U.S. Fines Frontier, American And Delta For Violating Consumer







Shareholders Approve Major Structural Change to Top Performing...
Yatra Attains Leadership Position in Corporate Travel With the...
Miller Heiman Group Selects CallidusCloud Datahug for Pipeline...
Tractor Supply Company Reports Second Quarter Results
Spectranetics Announces FDA Approval of Stellarex™ Drug-Coated Balloon




View All Highest Rated






















Research Brokers before you trade



		Compare Online Brokers
	


Want to trade FX?



		Visit our Forex Broker Center 
	
















Find a Credit Card



                    Select a credit card product by:
                


 Card Type
 Credit Score
 Card Issuer



                    Select an offer:
                





0% APR Credit CardsAirline Credit CardsBalance Transfer Credit CardsBusiness Credit CardsCash Back Credit CardsCharge CardsCharge Cards for BusinessEMV Smart ChipsGas Cards & Auto RewardsHome Improvement Rewards Credit CardsInstant Approval Credit CardsLow Interest Credit CardsNo Annual Fee Credit CardsNo Foreign Transaction Fee Credit CardsPoints Rewards Credit CardsPrepaid & Debit CardsReward Credit CardsStudent Credit CardsTop 10 Best Credit Card Deals and Offers




Bad CreditCredit Quality AverageCredit Quality ExcellentCredit Quality FairCredit Quality GoodLimited or No Credit HistoryPersonal Loans




American ExpressAmerican Express Airline CardsAmerican Express Business CardsAmerican Express Cash Back Credit CardsAmerican Express Charge CardsBarclaycardCapital OneCapital One Cash BackCapital One Fair CreditCapital One MilesCapital One PointsCapital One Prepaid Credit CardsChaseCiti Credit CardsDiscoverDiscover CashbackDiscover MilesDiscover Student Credit CardsMasterCard Credit CardsU.S. BankUSAAUSAA SavingsVisa Credit Cards







Search





Data Provided by BankRate.com






Stocks

Referenced





SPR








50%



Rate It





PCLN








68%



Rate It





MSCI








100%



Rate It





DLTR








85%



Rate It





CRI








100%



Rate It































CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX















































						$0.53 EPS Expected for Eagle Pharmaceuticals (EGRX), Darsana Capital Partners LP Has Cut Chipotle Mexican Grill (CMG) Stake By $13.20 Million - Bibey Post								





























 























































Trending Stock News
Penny Stock News
Market News
Stock News






$0.53 EPS Expected for Eagle Pharmaceuticals (EGRX), Darsana Capital Partners LP Has Cut Chipotle Mexican Grill (CMG) Stake By $13.20 Million


					
						July 26, 2017 - By Darrin Black


 Analysts expect Eagle Pharmaceuticals Inc (NASDAQ:EGRX) to report $0.53 EPS on August, 8.They anticipate $0.27 EPS change or 33.75% from last quarter’s $0.8 EPS. EGRX’s profit would be $7.79M giving it 33.36 P/E if the $0.53 EPS is correct. After having $1.42 EPS previously, Eagle Pharmaceuticals Inc’s analysts see -62.68% EPS growth. About 123,772 shares traded. Eagle Pharmaceuticals Inc (NASDAQ:EGRX) has risen 79.40% since July 26, 2016 and is uptrending. It has outperformed by 62.70% the S&P500.







Darsana Capital Partners Lp decreased Chipotle Mexican Grill Inc (CMG) stake by 23.33% reported in 2016Q4 SEC filing. Darsana Capital Partners Lp sold 35,000 shares as Chipotle Mexican Grill Inc (CMG)’s stock rose 13.42%. The Darsana Capital Partners Lp holds 115,000 shares with $43.39 million value, down from 150,000 last quarter. Chipotle Mexican Grill Inc now has $10.13 billion valuation. The stock declined 1.25% or $4.36 reaching $344.65 per share. About 2.49 million shares traded or 52.76% up from the average. Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. (NYSE:CMG) has risen 7.62% since July 26, 2016 and is uptrending. It has underperformed by 9.08% the S&P500.
Since February 6, 2017, it had 1 buy, and 0 insider sales for $159,084 activity. The insider PAULL MATTHEW H bought 400 shares worth $159,084.
Among 41 analysts covering Chipotle Mexican Grill Inc. (NYSE:CMG), 11 have Buy rating, 8 Sell and 22 Hold. Therefore 27% are positive. Chipotle Mexican Grill Inc. had 162 analyst reports since July 22, 2015 according to SRatingsIntel. Nomura maintained the stock with “Neutral” rating in Monday, October 17 report. UBS maintained the shares of CMG in report on Wednesday, April 27 with “Neutral” rating. The stock of Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. (NYSE:CMG) has “Sell” rating given on Thursday, April 13 by Jefferies. The firm has “Neutral” rating given on Friday, July 22 by Goldman Sachs. The rating was initiated by Evercore with “Hold” on Tuesday, April 5. RBC Capital Markets maintained Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. (NYSE:CMG) rating on Tuesday, October 18. RBC Capital Markets has “Outperform” rating and $465 target. The stock of Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. (NYSE:CMG) has “Buy” rating given on Thursday, January 14 by Credit Agricole. Barclays Capital maintained the shares of CMG in report on Wednesday, February 3 with “Equalweight” rating. The firm earned “Hold” rating on Wednesday, July 19 by Canaccord Genuity. Buckingham Research maintained it with “Buy” rating and $547 target in Wednesday, April 26 report.
Investors sentiment decreased to 0.64 in 2016 Q4. Its down 0.21, from 0.85 in 2016Q3. It is negative, as 84 investors sold CMG shares while 198 reduced holdings. 66 funds opened positions while 114 raised stakes. 28.45 million shares or 8.00% more from 26.34 million shares in 2016Q3 were reported. Forward Mgmt Lc holds 0.03% or 1,200 shares in its portfolio. Nationwide Fund Advisors holds 0.01% of its portfolio in Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. (NYSE:CMG) for 7,965 shares. American Intll Gru owns 11,077 shares or 0.02% of their US portfolio. Zurcher Kantonalbank (Zurich Cantonalbank) invested in 4,959 shares or 0.02% of the stock. First Advsrs LP holds 0% of its portfolio in Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. (NYSE:CMG) for 2,432 shares. Department Mb Fincl Bank N A holds 59 shares or 0% of its portfolio. First In owns 0.02% invested in Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. (NYSE:CMG) for 75 shares. Janney Montgomery Scott Lc, a Pennsylvania-based fund reported 6,878 shares. Psagot Invest House Ltd owns 0% invested in Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. (NYSE:CMG) for 28 shares. Keybank Natl Association Oh holds 0.01% or 2,287 shares. General Invsts Com has invested 0.53% in Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. (NYSE:CMG). Tarbox reported 4 shares. Fifth Third National Bank & Trust reported 0% stake. D Scott Neal has invested 0.05% in Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. (NYSE:CMG). Discovery Cap Ltd Limited Liability Company Ct has invested 1.61% in Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. (NYSE:CMG).
Among 4 analysts covering Eagle Pharma (NASDAQ:EGRX), 3 have Buy rating, 1 Sell and 0 Hold. Therefore 75% are positive. Eagle Pharma had 12 analyst reports since July 29, 2015 according to SRatingsIntel. The rating was downgraded by Mizuho to “Neutral” on Monday, June 20. RBC Capital Markets maintained Eagle Pharmaceuticals Inc (NASDAQ:EGRX) rating on Thursday, November 3. RBC Capital Markets has “Outperform” rating and $93 target. The rating was maintained by Mizuho on Wednesday, October 26 with “Buy”. The firm has “Neutral” rating given on Wednesday, November 16 by Mizuho. The stock has “Overweight” rating by Piper Jaffray on Wednesday, July 29. The rating was initiated by Mizuho with “Buy” on Wednesday, December 9. Mizuho maintained Eagle Pharmaceuticals Inc (NASDAQ:EGRX) on Friday, February 26 with “Buy” rating. William Blair maintained the stock with “Outperform” rating in Wednesday, November 2 report. The stock of Eagle Pharmaceuticals Inc (NASDAQ:EGRX) has “Buy” rating given on Friday, July 14 by RBC Capital Markets. RBC Capital Markets maintained the stock with “Outperform” rating in Tuesday, May 10 report.
Eagle Pharmaceuticals, Inc. is a specialty pharmaceutical company. The company has market cap of $1.04 billion. The Firm focuses on developing and commercializing injectable products in the critical care and oncology areas. It has a 10.93 P/E ratio. The Company’s product portfolio includes products, including Argatroban; Ryanodex; docetaxel injection, non-alcohol formulation; and Bendeka.








By Darrin Black
Echostar Corporation-Receive News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings with our FREE daily email newsletter.








 

 




 
Free Newsletter Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for your stocks with our FREE daily email newsletter:






  Recent Posts 

Piper Jaffray Restated Buy Rating For Starbucks (SBUX), Valeant Pharmaceuticals International (VRX)’s Sentiment Is 0.78


Albert D Mason Trimmed The Clorox Co. (CLX) Holding By $573,223; Last Week Landmark Infrastructure Partners LP (LMRK) Coverage


Electronic Arts (EA) Buy Rating Reconfirmed by Analysts at Piper Jaffray; With $128.0000 Target, Rosenblum Silverman Sutton S F Has Decreased By $1.03 Million Its Bristol Myers/Squibb (BMY) Holding


Cerner (CERN) “Buy” Rating Kept at Piper Jaffray; The Target Price is Set to $70.0000; Shorts at SEYCHELLE ENVIRONMTL (SYEV) Lowered By 52.94%


Amg National Trust Bank Lowered Columbia Banking System (COLB) Position, Standex International (SXI) SI Decreased By 12.45%


Amg National Trust Bank Upped Home (HD) Stake, Southcross Energy Partners LP (SXE) Shorts Raised By 2.18%


TTM Technologies (TTMI) Got Lower Stifel Nicolaus Rating And $19.0000 Target, Avago Technologies LTD Has 3 Sentiment


SeaWorld (SEAS) Received $15.0000 Target From Citigroup, 3 Analysts Bullish Alpha and Omega Semiconductor Ltd (AOSL)


Citigroup Cuts Helmerich & Payne (HP) To Sell, Roper Industries (ROP)’s Sentiment Is 1.28


Pitney Bowes (PBI) Coveraged By Loop Capital Markets with $16.0000 Target, Regeneron Pharmaceuticals (REGN)’s Sentiment Is 1.25







© Copyright 2015-2017 Bibey Post Inc - bibeypost.com       About - Our Team - Contact



















						$0.53 EPS Expected for Eagle Pharmaceuticals (EGRX), Darsana Capital Partners LP Has Cut Chipotle Mexican Grill (CMG) Stake By $13.20 Million - Bibey Post								





























 























































Trending Stock News
Penny Stock News
Market News
Stock News






$0.53 EPS Expected for Eagle Pharmaceuticals (EGRX), Darsana Capital Partners LP Has Cut Chipotle Mexican Grill (CMG) Stake By $13.20 Million


					
						July 26, 2017 - By Darrin Black


 Analysts expect Eagle Pharmaceuticals Inc (NASDAQ:EGRX) to report $0.53 EPS on August, 8.They anticipate $0.27 EPS change or 33.75% from last quarter’s $0.8 EPS. EGRX’s profit would be $7.79M giving it 33.36 P/E if the $0.53 EPS is correct. After having $1.42 EPS previously, Eagle Pharmaceuticals Inc’s analysts see -62.68% EPS growth. About 123,772 shares traded. Eagle Pharmaceuticals Inc (NASDAQ:EGRX) has risen 79.40% since July 26, 2016 and is uptrending. It has outperformed by 62.70% the S&P500.







Darsana Capital Partners Lp decreased Chipotle Mexican Grill Inc (CMG) stake by 23.33% reported in 2016Q4 SEC filing. Darsana Capital Partners Lp sold 35,000 shares as Chipotle Mexican Grill Inc (CMG)’s stock rose 13.42%. The Darsana Capital Partners Lp holds 115,000 shares with $43.39 million value, down from 150,000 last quarter. Chipotle Mexican Grill Inc now has $10.13 billion valuation. The stock declined 1.25% or $4.36 reaching $344.65 per share. About 2.49 million shares traded or 52.76% up from the average. Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. (NYSE:CMG) has risen 7.62% since July 26, 2016 and is uptrending. It has underperformed by 9.08% the S&P500.
Since February 6, 2017, it had 1 buy, and 0 insider sales for $159,084 activity. The insider PAULL MATTHEW H bought 400 shares worth $159,084.
Among 41 analysts covering Chipotle Mexican Grill Inc. (NYSE:CMG), 11 have Buy rating, 8 Sell and 22 Hold. Therefore 27% are positive. Chipotle Mexican Grill Inc. had 162 analyst reports since July 22, 2015 according to SRatingsIntel. Nomura maintained the stock with “Neutral” rating in Monday, October 17 report. UBS maintained the shares of CMG in report on Wednesday, April 27 with “Neutral” rating. The stock of Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. (NYSE:CMG) has “Sell” rating given on Thursday, April 13 by Jefferies. The firm has “Neutral” rating given on Friday, July 22 by Goldman Sachs. The rating was initiated by Evercore with “Hold” on Tuesday, April 5. RBC Capital Markets maintained Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. (NYSE:CMG) rating on Tuesday, October 18. RBC Capital Markets has “Outperform” rating and $465 target. The stock of Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. (NYSE:CMG) has “Buy” rating given on Thursday, January 14 by Credit Agricole. Barclays Capital maintained the shares of CMG in report on Wednesday, February 3 with “Equalweight” rating. The firm earned “Hold” rating on Wednesday, July 19 by Canaccord Genuity. Buckingham Research maintained it with “Buy” rating and $547 target in Wednesday, April 26 report.
Investors sentiment decreased to 0.64 in 2016 Q4. Its down 0.21, from 0.85 in 2016Q3. It is negative, as 84 investors sold CMG shares while 198 reduced holdings. 66 funds opened positions while 114 raised stakes. 28.45 million shares or 8.00% more from 26.34 million shares in 2016Q3 were reported. Forward Mgmt Lc holds 0.03% or 1,200 shares in its portfolio. Nationwide Fund Advisors holds 0.01% of its portfolio in Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. (NYSE:CMG) for 7,965 shares. American Intll Gru owns 11,077 shares or 0.02% of their US portfolio. Zurcher Kantonalbank (Zurich Cantonalbank) invested in 4,959 shares or 0.02% of the stock. First Advsrs LP holds 0% of its portfolio in Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. (NYSE:CMG) for 2,432 shares. Department Mb Fincl Bank N A holds 59 shares or 0% of its portfolio. First In owns 0.02% invested in Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. (NYSE:CMG) for 75 shares. Janney Montgomery Scott Lc, a Pennsylvania-based fund reported 6,878 shares. Psagot Invest House Ltd owns 0% invested in Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. (NYSE:CMG) for 28 shares. Keybank Natl Association Oh holds 0.01% or 2,287 shares. General Invsts Com has invested 0.53% in Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. (NYSE:CMG). Tarbox reported 4 shares. Fifth Third National Bank & Trust reported 0% stake. D Scott Neal has invested 0.05% in Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. (NYSE:CMG). Discovery Cap Ltd Limited Liability Company Ct has invested 1.61% in Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. (NYSE:CMG).
Among 4 analysts covering Eagle Pharma (NASDAQ:EGRX), 3 have Buy rating, 1 Sell and 0 Hold. Therefore 75% are positive. Eagle Pharma had 12 analyst reports since July 29, 2015 according to SRatingsIntel. The rating was downgraded by Mizuho to “Neutral” on Monday, June 20. RBC Capital Markets maintained Eagle Pharmaceuticals Inc (NASDAQ:EGRX) rating on Thursday, November 3. RBC Capital Markets has “Outperform” rating and $93 target. The rating was maintained by Mizuho on Wednesday, October 26 with “Buy”. The firm has “Neutral” rating given on Wednesday, November 16 by Mizuho. The stock has “Overweight” rating by Piper Jaffray on Wednesday, July 29. The rating was initiated by Mizuho with “Buy” on Wednesday, December 9. Mizuho maintained Eagle Pharmaceuticals Inc (NASDAQ:EGRX) on Friday, February 26 with “Buy” rating. William Blair maintained the stock with “Outperform” rating in Wednesday, November 2 report. The stock of Eagle Pharmaceuticals Inc (NASDAQ:EGRX) has “Buy” rating given on Friday, July 14 by RBC Capital Markets. RBC Capital Markets maintained the stock with “Outperform” rating in Tuesday, May 10 report.
Eagle Pharmaceuticals, Inc. is a specialty pharmaceutical company. The company has market cap of $1.04 billion. The Firm focuses on developing and commercializing injectable products in the critical care and oncology areas. It has a 10.93 P/E ratio. The Company’s product portfolio includes products, including Argatroban; Ryanodex; docetaxel injection, non-alcohol formulation; and Bendeka.








By Darrin Black
Echostar Corporation-Receive News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings with our FREE daily email newsletter.








 

 




 
Free Newsletter Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for your stocks with our FREE daily email newsletter:






  Recent Posts 

Piper Jaffray Restated Buy Rating For Starbucks (SBUX), Valeant Pharmaceuticals International (VRX)’s Sentiment Is 0.78


Albert D Mason Trimmed The Clorox Co. (CLX) Holding By $573,223; Last Week Landmark Infrastructure Partners LP (LMRK) Coverage


Electronic Arts (EA) Buy Rating Reconfirmed by Analysts at Piper Jaffray; With $128.0000 Target, Rosenblum Silverman Sutton S F Has Decreased By $1.03 Million Its Bristol Myers/Squibb (BMY) Holding


Cerner (CERN) “Buy” Rating Kept at Piper Jaffray; The Target Price is Set to $70.0000; Shorts at SEYCHELLE ENVIRONMTL (SYEV) Lowered By 52.94%


Amg National Trust Bank Lowered Columbia Banking System (COLB) Position, Standex International (SXI) SI Decreased By 12.45%


Amg National Trust Bank Upped Home (HD) Stake, Southcross Energy Partners LP (SXE) Shorts Raised By 2.18%


TTM Technologies (TTMI) Got Lower Stifel Nicolaus Rating And $19.0000 Target, Avago Technologies LTD Has 3 Sentiment


SeaWorld (SEAS) Received $15.0000 Target From Citigroup, 3 Analysts Bullish Alpha and Omega Semiconductor Ltd (AOSL)


Citigroup Cuts Helmerich & Payne (HP) To Sell, Roper Industries (ROP)’s Sentiment Is 1.28


Pitney Bowes (PBI) Coveraged By Loop Capital Markets with $16.0000 Target, Regeneron Pharmaceuticals (REGN)’s Sentiment Is 1.25







© Copyright 2015-2017 Bibey Post Inc - bibeypost.com       About - Our Team - Contact














Darsana Capital Partners LP: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback


























darsana capital partners lp
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Wealth Management
Darsana Capital Partners LP operates as an investment advisory firm. The Company offers investment management and consulting services.




Corporate Information
Address:

40 West 57th Street
15th Floor
New York, NY 10019
United States


Phone:
1-212-589-5300


Fax:
1-212-589-5301























From The Web











Key Executives


Anand Kishor Desai


CEO/Mng Partner/Portfolio Mgr




Christian Joseph Ferrante


Chief Financial Officer/COO




Lisa Janel Stanton


Chief Compliance Officer







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data





































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









﻿







Darsana Capital Partners Lp – Octafinance


















































 








Friday, 28 July 2017

























 

Menu



Featured News


						2 years ago - Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Tests Its Ad Technology On Billboards To Cushion Itself Against Ad Blocks


						2 years ago - China Margin Debt Hits 8-Week High, Japan Pumps’n’Dumps As Kyle Bass Fears Looming EM Banking Crisis


						2 years ago - Marc Faber Shares His Insight in One Hour Exclusive Interview. He Covers All From Commodities and China to Inflation, The Euro and Gold


						2 years ago - Carl Icahn Criticizes the Fed. Feels Bad For Investors Buying Junk Bonds


						2 years ago - John Burbank: European QE Can’t Save The Markets Same As the U.S. Quantitative Easing. Everything Will Be Liquidated









Home » Hedge Funds » Darsana Capital Partners Lp 

Darsana Capital Partners Lp 

Share with your friendsYour NameYour EmailRecipient EmailEnter a MessageI read this article and found it very interesting, thought it might be interesting for you. The article is called Darsana Capital Partners Lp and is was published by Octafinance.com at http://www.octafinance.com/hedge-funds/darsana-capital-partners-lp/.CaptchaSubmit






Portfolio Q32016Market Value:$2,002,308,000Previous Mkt Value:$1,923,447,000Chg Mkt Value %:4.10 % Sentiment:BullishTurnover %:3.30 %




Stocks ActivityNew Purchases:2Additional Purchases:5Sold out:2Reduced:11Top 10 Holdings %:76.45%






Darsana Capital Partners Lp Portfolio Holdings
13F Report Date: 9/30/2016



RANKTICKER / SECURITYTICKERVALUE (X1000)SHARES% PORT% PREV% AUM% CHGCHG 
SHARESCHGSECTOR NAMESECTOR WEIGHT 



RANKTICKER / SECURITYTICKERVALUE (X1000)SHARES% PORT% PREV% AUM% CHGCHG 
SHARESCHGSECTOR NAMESECTOR WEIGHT 




                    1		

                    SPR - SPIRIT AEROSYSTEMS HLDGS INC		

                    SPR		

                    322,915		

                    7,250,000		

                    16.13		

                    11.74		

                    32.65		

                    38.10		

                    2,000,000		

                    Up		

                    INDUSTRIALS		

                    0.16		



                    2		

                    HLT - HILTON WORLDWIDE HLDGS INC		

                    HLT		

                    183,440		

                    8,000,000		

                    9.16		

                    9.37		

                    18.55		

                    0.00		

                    0		

                    No Chg		

                    CONSUMER DISCRETIONARY		

                    0.43		



                    3		

                    PCLN - PRICELINE GRP INC		

                    PCLN		

                    176,579		

                    120,000		

                    8.82		

                    7.14		

                    17.85		

                    9.09		

                    10,000		

                    Up		

                    FINANCE		

                    0.12		



                    4		

                    MSCI - MSCI INC		

                    MSCI		

                    176,274		

                    2,100,000		

                    8.80		

                    8.02		

                    17.82		

                    5.00		

                    100,000		

                    Up		

                    INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY		

                    0.16		



                    5		

                    DLTR - DOLLAR TREE INC		

                    DLTR		

                    138,128		

                    1,750,000		

                    6.90		

                    6.61		

                    13.97		

                    29.63		

                    400,000		

                    Up		

                    UTILITIES & TELECOMMUNICATIONS		

                    0.10		



                    6		

                    LBTYK - LIBERTY GLOBAL PLC		

                    LBTYK		

                    123,900		

                    3,750,000		

                    6.19		

                    7.00		

                    12.53		

                    -20.21		

                    -950,000		

                    Down		

                    TRANSPORTS		

                    0.03		



                    7		

                    ADBE - ADOBE SYS INC		

                    ADBE		

                    108,540		

                    1,000,000		

                    5.42		

                    7.47		

                    10.97		

                    -33.33		

                    -500,000		

                    Down		







                    8		

                    CRI - CARTER INC		

                    CRI		

                    104,052		

                    1,200,000		

                    5.20		

                    7.20		

                    10.52		

                    -7.69		

                    -100,000		

                    Down		







                    9		

                    T - AT&T INC (PUT)		

                    T		

                    101,525		

                    2,500,000		

                    5.07		

                    5.62		

                    10.27		

                    0.00		

                    0		

                    No Chg		







                    10		

                    SBAC - SBA COMMUNICATIONS CORP		

                    SBAC		

                    95,336		

                    850,000		

                    4.76		

                    4.77		

                    9.64		

                    0.00		

                    0		

                    No Chg		







                    11		

                    BIDU - BAIDU INC		

                    BIDU		

                    94,494		

                    519,000		

                    4.72		

                    8.59		

                    9.55		

                    -48.10		

                    -481,000		

                    Down		







                    12		

                    FB - FACEBOOK INC		

                    FB		

                    83,376		

                    650,000		

                    4.16		

                    1.78		

                    8.43		

                    116.67		

                    350,000		

                    Up		







                    13		

                    BAC - BANK AMER CORP		

                    BAC		

                    66,513		

                    4,250,000		

                    3.32		

                    0.00		

                    6.73		



                    4,250,000		

                    New		







                    14		

                    CMG - CHIPOTLE MEXICAN GRILL INC		

                    CMG		

                    63,525		

                    150,000		

                    3.17		

                    0.00		

                    6.42		



                    150,000		

                    New		







                    15		

                    PCLN - PRICELINE GRP INC (CALL)		

                    PCLN		

                    44,145		

                    30,000		

                    2.20		

                    7.14		

                    4.46		

                    -72.73		

                    -80,000		

                    Down		







                    16		

                    FOXA - TWENTY FIRST CENTY FOX INC (CALL)		

                    FOXA		

                    36,330		

                    1,500,000		

                    1.81		

                    3.52		

                    3.67		

                    -40.00		

                    -1,000,000		

                    Down		







                    17		

                    FB - FACEBOOK INC (CALL)		

                    FB		

                    32,068		

                    250,000		

                    1.60		

                    1.78		

                    3.24		

                    -16.67		

                    -50,000		

                    Down		







                    18		

                    DAL - DELTA AIR LINES INC DEL		

                    DAL		

                    31,488		

                    800,000		

                    1.57		

                    5.68		

                    3.18		

                    -73.33		

                    -2,200,000		

                    Down		







                    19		

                    DAL - DELTA AIR LINES INC DEL (CALL)		

                    DAL		

                    19,680		

                    500,000		

                    0.98		

                    5.68		

                    1.99		

                    -83.33		

                    -2,500,000		

                    Down		







                    20		

                    CCI - CROWN CASTLE INTL CORP NEW		

                    CCI		

                    0		

                    0		

                    0.00		

                    1.32		

                    0.00		

                    -100.00		

                    -250,000		

                    Sold All		







                    21		

                    LIBERTY GLOBAL PLC		



                    0		

                    0		

                    0.00		

                    0.90		

                    0.00		

                    -100.00		

                    -530,266		

                    Sold All		










DARSANA CAPITAL PARTNERS Sector Weightings & New Holdings






Top 5 New BuysBank Amer Corp3.32%Chipotle Mexican Grill Inc3.17%---




13F Sector AllocationConsumer Discretionary43 %Industrials16 %Information Technology16 %Finance12 %Utilities & Telecommunications10 %






DARSANA CAPITAL PARTNERS AUM, Portfolio Value and Historical 13F
Darsana Capital Partners Lp had $989.03 million assets under management as of Monday, August 11, 2014. The historical portfolio values of the fund were: 
$2,222,688,000 in 2014Q4 – 13F Filing Available
$2,220,487,000 in 2015Q1 – 13F Filing Available
$1,970,175,000 in 2015Q2 – 13F Filing Available
$1,660,723,000 in 2015Q3 – 13F Filing Available
$1,629,545,000 in 2015Q4 – 13F Filing Available
$2,263,209,000 in 2016Q1 – 13F Filing Available
$1,923,447,000 in 2016Q2 – 13F Filing Available
$2,002,308,000 in 2016Q3 – 13F Filing Available
*Institutional Portfolio Holdings information is filed by institutions with over $100 million in AUM on form 13F with the SEC.
*% AUM is the stock or security value as a percentage of the assets under management. AUM is taken from the latest fund filed SEC Adv. 
*The portfolio holdings report is limited to stocks and stock options of common and other shares, convertible preferred and convertible bonds. The report does not include cash, real estate and fixed income securities.
*Sentiment could be wrong because the fund might have increase or decrease its portfolio because of investments inflow or because an increase in short positions.


Receive News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.












 





Free Email Newsletter
    Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for your stocks with our FREE daily email newsletter:







Hedge Fund NewsTop 10 CITADEL ADVISORS 13F Holdings in Q3 2015DF DENT & CO INC Just Released Its Q3 2015 Stock PositionsMAVERICK CAPITAL Top 10 Holdings in Q3 2015Analyzing Ken Griffins CITADEL ADVISORS Stock Holdings in Q3 2015LONE PINE CAPITAL Top 10 13F Positions in Q3 2015Guru NewsFelix Zulauf Sees a Stock Market Correction Coming. This Rally S&P 500 (INDEXSP:.INX) Will Be Short-LivedMarc Faber Shares His Insight in One Hour Exclusive Interview. He Covers All From Commodities and China to Inflation, The Euro and GoldJim Grant: The Next Thing Might Be Helicopter Money. What to Buy and Where He Sees Investment OpportunitiesKyle Bass Bearish on Emerging Markets for at least 2 More Years. Looking to Short CurrenciesDavid Tepper Gets Defensive. Is it Time to Get Out of The Stock Market?


Macro NewsChina Margin Debt Hits 8-Week High, Japan Pumps’n’Dumps As Kyle Bass Fears Looming EM Banking CrisisAre US – Russian Relations A Zero-Sum Game?US and Russia have launched direct talks on the conflict in SyriaYuan Drops as PBOC Cuts Reference Rate by Most Since DevaluationCould the market crash like 1987?—put volume spike argues low is nearCTAs NewsRed Rock Just Published Report About The Trend Following Landscape & How CTAs’ Performance Must Be AnalyzedHow to Implement Dual Momentum for non-US InvestorsDo Commodity Trading Advisors (CTAs) Really Provide Crisis Alpha, Equity Hedge and Are Long Volatility?




























Christopher P. Golden - Partner at Darsana Capital Partners LP



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Christopher P. Golden
Partner at Darsana Capital Partners LP



Overview
Relationships Paths
Education Career History 


Christopher P. Golden
Partner at Darsana Capital Partners LP



 Overview



Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 401 people.
              






 Relationships
              See Details




Dan  Irom

Partner at Darsana Capital Partners LP




Anand Kishor Desai

Founder at Darsana Capital Partners LP





George M. Saalouke

Partner at Darsana Capital Partners LP




Nicholas J. Danaher

Former Managing Director at Blue Ridge Capital LLC - New York





Arvind Bhaskar

Analyst at Darsana Capital Partners LP




Steve Friedman

Analyst at Darsana Capital Partners LP





Eric Wong

Managing Director at Blue Ridge Capital LLC - New York




Terrance James O'Malley

General Counsel at Blue Ridge Capital LLC - New York





Richard S. Bello

Chief Operating Officer at Blue Ridge Capital LLC - New York




John A. Griffin

Founder at Blue Ridge Capital LLC - New York







See 391 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 391 More 


 


 Paths to Christopher P. Golden



            Christopher P. Golden          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Christopher P. Golden






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Christopher P. Golden.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Educational Background



BS, Commerce, Finance & Accounting 
Class of 2006 


University of Virginia

                  The University of Virginia (often abbreviated as UVA, UVa, or Virginia) is a public research university in Charlottesville, Virginia, United States. It was conceived and designed by U.S. President Thomas Jefferson, and established in 1819. UVA's initial Board of Visitors included former Presidents of the United States Thomas Jefferson, James Madison, and James Monroe. Monroe owned the initial site of the University, which was mostly farmland. His law office and farmhouse are now the site of Brown College at Monroe Hill, a residential college at UVA.

UVA is one of the eight original Public Ivy universities, and it is the only university campus in the United States that is designated a World Heritage Site by UNESCO. In the 2013 edition of U.S. News and World Report's National University Rankings, the school was listed as America's 2nd best public university; tied with UCLA and surpassed only by UC Berkeley.                





 Career History



Partner

                                    2013 - ?                


Darsana Capital Partners LP


                  Darsana Capital Partners seeks to compound capital at high absolute rates of return while avoiding significant capital loss. The firm seeks to make concentrated investments in public companies and industries they believe are undergoing significant secular change and where they have a differentiated view of the outcome. Darsana also pursues short term investments to generate absolute returns. The firm applies consistent investment process consisting of micro-driven idea generation, in-depth and data-intensive research, and refined investment frameworks. Darsana's funds primarily invest in the equity of publicly-traded issuers globally, across multiple industries. They do not generally target any specific range of geographic or industry exposures. Darsana may utilize investments in equities and equity-related investments, such as options. The funds may also invest in swaps, derivative or synthetic instruments, repurchase agreements or other over-the-counter transactions or, in certain circumstances, non-US securities.                




Managing Director

                                    2009 - 2013                


Blue Ridge Capital LLC - New York


                  Blue Ridge Capital's strategy for all their funds is based on a fundamental, research-intensive, security selection process. While they consider general macroeconomic conditions, the firm believes that the underlying stock selection process is the critical determinant to achieving superior investment results. Blue Ridge seeks to achieve risk-adjusted capital growth primarily through investments in equity securities and other equity-related instruments. When deemed appropriate, the funds may invest in bonds or other fixed-income securities issued by private issuers or governmental entities.The Flagship Funds seek to achieve risk-adjusted capital growth primarily through investments in equity securities, including derivatives and other equity-related instruments. Portfolios generally include: (1) long positions in securities of companies which have characteristics such as an outstanding, proven management team, a history of successful capital allocation and a reasonable valuation relative to the company's growth rate or intrinsic value and (2) short positions in securities of companies with characteristics indicating fundamental problems such as poor management, a flawed business strategy and/or a general market misperception of its prospects. The funds invest in a variety of equity- or debt-related instruments, including bank loans, equity and non-equity related swaps, options, commodities, foreign currencies, futures and forward contracts, as well as any other instruments deemed appropriate to maximize returns and minimize risk. The Long Fund seeks to achieve capital appreciation by investing in a limited number of equity and equity-related securities. The Long Fund generally holds 10-30 equity and equity-related securities of companies with average daily trading volumes of approximately $20 million or more at the initial investment. These investments reflect the largest long equity and equity-related holdings of the Flagship Funds. The Long Fund may purchase or write options and invest in both derivative products and other instruments, including currency and interest rate positions, both to hedge existing positions as well as to create independent profit opportunities. The Long Fund may use leverage. In addition, the Long Fund may hedge a particular investment or its entire portfolio by selling short one or more securities or utilizing derivative instruments. The Long Fund invests in securities of both US and non-US issuers.                




Analyst

                                    2007 - 2009                


Marble Arch Investments LP


                  Marble Arch Investments' funds seek to generate substantial absolute returns with a low risk of capital loss over the long term through investments in securities. Marble Arch intends for the funds portfolio to consist of a concentrated portfolio of long positions, balanced by a relatively more diversified portfolio of short positions. The firm utilizes a range of investment strategies including investing in publicly-traded equity securities, both long and short, as well as a broad array of other securities in both private and public markets. They employ bottom-up, fundamental security selection to build portfolios. Marble Arch's investment strategy has four key components: (1) a dedicated value orientation (2) an emphasis on inefficient market areas (3) an intensive fundamental research process and (4) a concentrated portfolio of best ideas.                




Analyst, Special Situations

                                    2006 - 2007                


Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC


                  Goldman, Sachs & Co. (GS&Co.), a limited partnership registered as a U.S. broker-dealer and futures commission merchant, together with its consolidated subsidiaries (collectively, the firm), is an indirectly wholly owned subsidiary of The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (Group Inc.), a Delaware corporation. The firm is a leading global investment banking, securities and investment management firm that provides a wide range of financial services to a substantial and diversified client base that includes corporations, financial institutions, governments and high-net-worth individuals.                





 Other Affiliations




              Christopher P. Golden is affiliated with
                            Darsana Capital Partners LP, Blue Ridge Capital LLC - New York, Marble Arch Investments LP, Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC.
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤
















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














Dan  Irom - Partner at Darsana Capital Partners LP



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Dan  Irom
Partner at Darsana Capital Partners LP



Overview
Relationships Paths
Education Career History Political Donations 


Dan  Irom
Partner at Darsana Capital Partners LP



 Overview



Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 63 people.
              






 Relationships
              See Details




Anand Kishor Desai

Founder at Darsana Capital Partners LP




George M. Saalouke

Partner at Darsana Capital Partners LP





Arvind Bhaskar

Analyst at Darsana Capital Partners LP




Steve Friedman

Analyst at Darsana Capital Partners LP





Christopher P. Golden

Partner at Darsana Capital Partners LP




Isaac Daniel Corrè

Managing Partner & Chief Executive Officer at Governors Lane LP





Joshua H. Astrof

Former Partner at Eton Park Capital Management LP




Viju Joseph

Chief Risk Officer at Weiss Multi-Strategy Advisers LLC





Andrew James Craven

Chief Compliance Officer at Eton Park Capital Management LP




Marcy Engel

Chief Operating Officer & General Counsel at Eton Park Capital Management LP







See 53 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 53 More 


 


 Paths to Dan  Irom



            Dan  Irom          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Dan  Irom






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Dan  Irom.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Educational Background



 
Class of 2005 


Harvard University

                  Harvard was established in 1636, and it is the oldest institution of higher education in the United States. The University, which is based in Cambridge and Boston, Massachusetts, has an enrollment of over 20,000 degree candidates, including undergraduate, graduate, and professional students. The University has twelve degree-granting Schools in addition to the Radcliffe Institute for Advanced Study.                





 Career History



Partner

                                    Tenure Unconfirmed                


Darsana Capital Partners LP


                  Darsana Capital Partners seeks to compound capital at high absolute rates of return while avoiding significant capital loss. The firm seeks to make concentrated investments in public companies and industries they believe are undergoing significant secular change and where they have a differentiated view of the outcome. Darsana also pursues short term investments to generate absolute returns. The firm applies consistent investment process consisting of micro-driven idea generation, in-depth and data-intensive research, and refined investment frameworks. Darsana's funds primarily invest in the equity of publicly-traded issuers globally, across multiple industries. They do not generally target any specific range of geographic or industry exposures. Darsana may utilize investments in equities and equity-related investments, such as options. The funds may also invest in swaps, derivative or synthetic instruments, repurchase agreements or other over-the-counter transactions or, in certain circumstances, non-US securities.                




Analyst

                                    2007 - 2013                


Eton Park Capital Management LP


                  Eton Park Capital Management is a global, multi-disciplinary, team-oriented investment organization dedicated to delivering superior risk-adjusted returns over a multi-year period. Eton Park follows a bottom-up, research-driven approach seeking mispriced assets that fall both within and between conventionally defined investment strategies. The firm currently manages approximately $11 billion and maintains offices in New York, London and Hong Kong.                





 Political Donations



$500

                  2008                


Barack Obama


                  Former President of United States                





 Other Affiliations




              Dan  Irom is affiliated with
                            Darsana Capital Partners LP, Eton Park Capital Management LP.
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤













