
Terri Davenport Profiles | Facebook

FacebookEmail or PhonePasswordForgot account?English (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017
















High SchoolFreeport High SchoolNogales High SchoolCoquille High SchoolSee more...FILTER BY CITYChicago, IllinoisMaysville, KentuckyStilwell, OklahomaConroe, TexasSan Antonio, TexasLa Puente, CaliforniaDustin, OklahomaMorgan Hill, CaliforniaNorth Bend, OregonSee more... -->


• Davenport Terry • companies • USA •                Davenport Terry - companies - USA LoginRegisterLogin with Facebook www.tuugo.us    Companies  Products      Hotels, New York        CompaniesProducts +Publish for free Promote your Ad   Home | Search: Davenport Terry     Sort byBest RatedMost recentDistance Filtered By Davenport Terryx  Related services  Document Examination Document Examiner Forensic Document Examiner Fraud Investigation Handwriting Analysis  







 







   D     Not evaluated yet  Add to My list Added    Inaccurate result?   Davenport Terry     Davenport Terry, Handwriting Analysis, Fraud Investigation, Document Examiner, Document Examination, Forensic Document Examiner  







     Companies  Products      Hotels, New York    About TuugoToSPrivacy PolicyFAQMobileTranslate TuugoSite MapBlogTuugo Language:  AfrikaansBahasa IndonesiaBahasa MelayuDanskDeutschEnglishEspañolFrançaisItalianoMagyarNederlandsPolskiPortuguêsRomânăSvenskaTiếng ViệtČeštinaΕλληνικάРусскийУкраїнськаภาษาไทย中文 (简写)日本語한국말 0.0717861652374273 Copyright 2009 - 2017 Tuugo 


    





Starbucks CMO Terry Davenport: McD's Coffee Push Will Help | CMO Interviews - AdAge



















































































































































Advertising Age

















Marketing


Advertising


Digital


Media


Agency


Data


Publishing Partners





Video




Beware Early Reports on the TV Upfronts
Sure, there's $20 billion of commercial time in play. But the speculation that precedes real deals is practically pointless.



Featured

Super Bowl Ad Archive
Best Places to Work
Women to Watch
40 Under 40
Agency Report
Leading National Advertisers
Tagline Podcast




Required Reading





The 2017 Marketing Fact Pack


Opinion See All

DigitalNext
The Media Guy
Agency Viewpoint
Rance Crain







Menu












 
















Advertising Age









LOG IN
SUBSCRIBE NOW

Search





















China Clamps Down on Webcasting by Weibo and Other Media Firms
7 hours ago

Array
 0










Cannes Daily Blog Day Five: Are You There Arthur? It's Me, Marcel
10 hours ago

Array
 0










Police Raid Havas Headquarters Amid a Probe Into Party at CES
11 hours ago

Array
 0










Video Rant of the Week: Shut the Cannes Up
12 hours ago

Array
 0










Watch the Newest Ads on TV From PlayStation, E-Trade, Beautyrest and More
By Catherine Gin - 14 hours ago

Array
 0

















Video Rant of the Week: Shut the Cannes Up
12 hours ago

 0










Saatchi & Saatchi's New Directors Showcase Shines Light on Gender Inequality
By Ann-Christine Diaz - 16 hours ago

 0










Publicis Groupe CEO Tries to Calm Alarm Over Cannes Ban
By E.J. Schultz - 15 hours ago

 0










Why CMOs Shouldn't Hate Agencies That Are Lion-Obsessed
By Deacon Webster - 17 hours ago

 0










Nice Work If You Can Get It: As May C3 Ratings Fall 14%, Network Ad Revenue Rises
By Anthony Crupi - Yesterday

 0













Ad Age's Women to Watch 2017
 - 11 hours ago

 0






Marketers Struggle With Viewability IRL, Too
By Jack Neff - 18 hours ago

 0






Ballad of the Sad White Alpha Men
By Simon Dumenco - 18 hours ago

 0






NBC Wins Broadcast TV's Annual War of Attrition
By Anthony Crupi - Yesterday

 0






Strahan Reveals Locker Room Secrets (And What He Thinks of Ryan Seacrest)
By Adrianne Pasquarelli - 11 hours ago

 0














Aleady a member? Sign in


Get More From Ad Age
Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including

7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity
Ability to comment on articles and creative work 
Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy

To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page


Register Now 









Want more Access, Content & Connections?
We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today.
Upgrade to Membership










Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage.









Hey, there.
It looks like you're using an ad blocker.
The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either:

SUBSCRIBE
or
WHITELIST US








×

Sign In
Register










Sign In 
Forgot Password?












Once registered, you can:

- Read additional free articles each month
- Comment on articles and featured creative work
- Get our curated newsletters delivered to your inbox










Register Now 
By registering you agree to our privacy policy, terms & conditions and to receive occasional emails from Ad Age. You may unsubscribe at any time.
Are you a print subscriber? Activate your account.











The CMO Interview: Terry Davenport
Starbucks CMO: McD's Java Push Will Work in Our Favor
Davenport Says Chain Will Draw Customers Via McCafe 'Education'


	By  

Emily Bryson York.
	

	
	
 Published on June 08, 2009. 







CHICAGO (AdAge.com) -- Starbucks chief marketer Terry Davenport has a big job these days. The embattled coffee chain is looking for ways to offer value without discounts that would degrade the brand and market without pandering, all while fighting off the onslaught that is McDonald's McCafe.  Mr. Davenport, a former KFC marketer, joined Starbucks in 2006. Several promotions culminated in his scoring the CMO spot about a year ago. Since then, he points to a few recent successes, including solid sales of the company's loyalty cards, a strong response to its get-out-the-vote offer and encouraging results for Via instant coffee.





		Starbucks CMO Terry Davenport 
 	

But many hurdles lie ahead. The chain has been posting negative same-store sales for over a year, and many analysts expect McDonald's initial McCafe push, which began last month, to significantly dent Starbucks sales, if only initially. In the most recent quarter, Starbucks reported same-store sales down 8% and earnings down 77%, primarily due to restructuring charges.


Still, thanks to a strong, year-old relationship with its agency,  BBDO New York, Starbucks is more visible than ever while keeping marketing spending relatively constant. According to TNS Media Intelligence, Starbucks spent about $28 million in measured media during 2008. It began its first concerted branding campaign last month, with a series of newspaper ads. The work makes Starbucks' case for its prices, including health care for its employees, relationships with coffee farmers and its dedication to sustainability.


Starbucks also now runs one-time TV ads in high-profile shows such as "Saturday Night Live," or quick hits on news networks such as CNN, which then drive traffic online. 


The marketer made more waves this week with the sponsorship of MSNBC morning news program "Morning Joe." A natural partnership, Mr. Davenport said, it will include occasional references to the chain's environmental activism or efforts in volunteerism.


Mr. Davenport, 51, reports to Michelle Gas, exec VP-marketing and category, and also works closely with CEO Howard Schultz, a man he describes as one of the most respected marketing minds in the business, and someone who rolls up his sleeves and gets involved in messaging. 


In an interview with Ad Age, Mr. Davenport explained why McCafe will be good for Starbucks, because the Golden Arches are paying to educate the mass market in a way Starbucks has never been able to.



Ad Age: Starbucks is facing attacks on a variety of fronts, from fast-food companies with enormous ad budgets, to superpremium local and regional coffee chains that are quicker and nimbler. What about that is  most troubling?


Mr. Davenport: The obvious brand-guy answer is that we absolutely will not allow ourselves to be squeezed into the middle of those two groups. On the mass side, we know from research over the years that there are still a lot of people who drink coffee every day but don't understand the difference between a cappuccino, a mocha and a latte. But we never had hundreds of millions of dollars to do that education. The fact that there are people spending money and having that conversation, we think it will benefit the entire category, and we'll get our fair share. If people get into the category, get comfortable and want to trade up to a premium, higher-quality version, we're in a great position to capture some of those.



Ad Age: How has your strategy  changed during the recession?  


Mr. Davenport: Early on, we got to a point of view that this is not just some temporary speed bump we have to manage through, but a seismic shift that has happened in consumer consciousness, and consumer spending habits aren't just going to return to what they once were. And as to how Starbucks and "your Starbucks occasion" stays relevant to that consumer mind-set, there are two things: the emotional part to our brand that's bigger than just that cup of coffee -- it's an emotional connection -- and now more than ever it's that sense of community, something in life can connect you to something larger. 



Ad Age: How are you measuring  ROI these days?


Mr. Davenport: We're probably more focused than ever on store-level transactions and the number of people who walk into  every store every day. Probably more than ever we're focused on what it takes to bring people into our stores and keep their frequency at a time when they're having to make some tough budgeting choices.



Ad Age: Are you involved with  pricing decisions?


Mr. Davenport: Pricing decisions are very much a part of the marketing mix. We're aware that now more than ever pricing can't be a blunt instrument, and as you look at pricing, it's got to be in the consumer construct. You'll probably continue to see us do in-store tests of a lot of ways to bring value to core customers.


Ad Age: Starbucks began its first true  branding campaign last month.  Why did you choose newspapers? 


Mr. Davenport: We started working with BBDO in October or November of last year, and one of the things on our joint to-do list was to find a way to get our stories out there in a way that both our existing customers would recognize and that would speak to the employees and partners and give them a sense of pride, and that's clearly happened. We're exceedingly pleased with it to date. If you're going to look at a quick ROI, and if one of the ways you gauge that is the visibility and kind of talk it's getting. ... We've had a huge return on that investment. 



Ad Age: You managed to launch a major  campaign just days before McDonald's McCafé blitz began. Was that planned? 


Mr. Davenport: We didn't move it up or back based on anybody else's schedule. It's about coffee, and launching in the middle of the summer wouldn't have been the right time. Before the weather turned hot we feel like we got it out there in the right time, and we felt really comfortable with it.  



Ad Age: How do online communities, and  the energy around the Starbucks brand, affect your media and  marketing plans? 


Mr. Davenport: Starbucks is not just a product, it is an idea. The idea is that sense of community and conversation that can happen over a great cup of coffee. That's why our brand has such relevance in that space. Customers and employees are looking for the truth behind what their company stands for and want to get behind brands that share certain values. When we go out and have good traction with Facebook, it's because of those types of messages. 



Ad Age: Can you give an example?


Mr. Davenport: Take how we communicate our value-pairing message. It's very important to our value strategy. It's been very successful at the store level, but that's why we communicate that at the store level. A tie-in with Facebook on value pairings isn't something you're necessarily going to run out and share with your friends. But learning that Starbucks has a tie-in with Red and that on World AIDS Day we'll contribute a nickel for every beverage we sell -- for people in the Red community, that's big news, and they'll pass it on to their friends.



Ad Age: How's it going with the new agency?


Mr. Davenport: We work exceedingly closely with BBDO and in a very short time feel like we're all part of one team, and that includes Howard. Howard and Michelle are very involved with formation of strategy, down to getting our voice correct, and in this day and age, you need an agency that's willing to roll up their sleeves and get involved with you and learn about your brand and bring creative solutions that are brand-appropriate.

In this article:

CMO Interviews













Most Popular






 












































Become a Member


Register Now
Renew
Membership Benefits
Datacenter
















Site by AREA 17









































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















Todd Terry | Davenport University


























Skip to main content




DAVENPORT UNIVERSITY
Menu
Search

Apply Now
 




Login









You are hereHome » Todd Terry  >  Todd Terry





Search form

Search 





 







Todd Terry












Back to Directory




Todd Terry, Assistant Professor		
Management, Associate Department Chair
Maine College of Business

				In Progress (PhD) from Regent University, MBA from University of Phoenix, 2004 
Holland Campus
		616-554-4700
Todd.Terry@davenport.edu

With knowledge in business processes that include management roles and entrepreneurial practices, Todd Terry serves as the Associate Department Chair for Management in the Donald W. Maine College of Business. In this role he is engaged in curriculum design as well as staffing and scheduling of classes.  Upon graduating with his Bachelors of Business Administration degree, Todd Terry obtained a management position with a Michigan Based retail company. During his 16 years of employment with this organization Todd held various management positions. Job related functions associated with these various positions include human resource process, inventory control, product placement and marketing research. Professor Terry has an entrepreneurial background and has developed an international distribution business. Having an understanding of entrepreneurial practices permits him to guide entrepreneurs through the startup process. Todd has provided consulting services to small businesses, with a focus on medical and dental offices.Todd Terry has presented at the Academic and Business Research Institute on team leadership concepts in regards to cross functional teams. His article “Cross Functional Teams: Intellectual Stimulation and Charisma” was published in the Journal of Management and Marketing Research. After publishing his article Todd was asked to serve as an academic reviewer for the Journal of Management and Marketing.
 


 
 
 

 



 









Terry C Peterson, Inc in Davenport, IA 52807 - ChamberofCommerce.com




   =     


        









Sign Up
Sign In
Contact Us


 














Search
 

near
 













Home
» Iowa
» Davenport
» General Contractors
» Terry C Peterson, Inc













Terry C Peterson, Inc


0 Reviews

0.0000 stars - based on 0 reviews
                            





3211 E 35th Street Ct  Davenport, Iowa 52807


(563) 359-4663
Website


 



 

Print |
                Save |
                Directions


About
Terry C Peterson, Inc is located at the address 3211 E 35th Street Ct in Davenport, Iowa 52807.  They can be contacted via phone at (563) 359-4663 for pricing, hours and directions.  Terry C Peterson, Inc specializes in Relining, Sunrooms, General Labor.  Terry C Peterson, Inc has an annual sales volume of 1M – 1,999,999.  .For more information contact Pryce  Doye, Vice President or  go to www.melfosterco.comTerry C Peterson, Inc provides Resurfacing, New Construction, Decks to it's customers.  For maps and directions to Terry C Peterson, Inc view the map to the right.  For reviews of Terry C Peterson, Inc see below.









Business Features

PRODUCTS


Ceramic Tile
, Porches
, Gravel
, Glass
, Decorative
, Fittings
, Shutters
, Limestone
, Brick
, Shakes



SERVICES


Metal Roofing
, Structural Drying
, Insect Control & Pest Control
, Installation
, Concrete Construction
, Engineering
, New Construction
, Resurfacing
, Decks
, Driveways


 BRANDS


Certainteed
, Summit
, Bobcat
, Clopay
, Ceco
, Timberline
, Wayne-Dalton
, Hunter
, Stanley
, James Hardie


 SPECIALTIES


Tennis Courts
, Relining
, Basement Walls
, Sunrooms
, Sewage Damage
, Chimneys
, General Labor
, Patios
, Vinyl Replacement Windows
, Security Lighting



 


Information

CONTACT INFORMATION
Phone: (563) 359-4663
Website: www.melfosterco.com
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
Employee Size: 10 To 19
Exact Employee Count: 15
Exact Sales Volume: 1200000
Location Type: Single Location
Sales Volume: 1M – 1,999,999
CATEGORIES:


General Contractors
Residential Building Construction
Construction
Building Construction



People Also Viewed


Moffit Construction Roofing


1120 Arlington Ave  Davenport, Iowa 52803




H And H Remodeling


1813 Leclaire St  Davenport, Iowa 52803




Chets Handyman Home Repair


4005 W 30th St  Davenport, Iowa 52804




K Ns


4332 Royal Oaks Dr  Davenport, Iowa 52806




Dtm Construction Llc


6135 Wisconsin Ave  Davenport, Iowa 52806




D & G Construction


1809 W 3rd St  Davenport, Iowa 52802





Reviews

Add


You must Sign in to post reviews.





by  on 






Click here to be the first to review this business...



0 Reviews
 


Key Contacts




Pryce  Doye
VICE PRESIDENT
Phone: (563) 359-4663 
 



 























 






Site Map
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
About
Partners
Chamber Partner Program
Chamber Member Benefits




Top Cities:
Atlanta
Bronx
Brooklyn
Chicago
Cleveland
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Miami
Minneapolis
New York
Philadelphia
Phoenix
Saint Louis
San Antonio
San Diego
San Jose


© 2017 CHAMBEROFCOMMERCE.COM


































































Terry Lunardi  | Obituaries | qctimes.com







































×
We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month.




Already a subscriber?
Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one.






Want to become a subscriber?
Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information.




Digital-only Access









Unlimited Access to:
            
qctimes.com
mobile web and mobile apps
e-replica edition of printed newspaper



Digital-only access only $10.00/mo

















Current Subscriber?




Set up your account



Log In






Current Subscriber?




Set up Account














You are the owner of this article.

 Edit Article
 Add New Article




























Sign Up

                        Log In
                    





Dashboard
  Logout







My Account
 Dashboard
 Profile
 Saved items

 Logout









Subscribe
Customer Service




                
                Sections
                
            










                                News
                            



                                        Local News
                                    


                                        Local Crime & Courts
                                    


                                        Politics
                                    


                                        Iowa
                                    


                                        Illinois
                                    


                                        Ask the Times
                                    


                                        Nation
                                    


                                        World
                                    





                                Sports
                            



                                        High School
                                    


                                        Iowa Hawkeyes
                                    


                                        Bandits
                                    


                                        Mallards
                                    


                                        Live scores & updates
                                    



                                Economy
                            






                                Entertainment
                            



                                        Arts
                                    


                                        Quad-Cities Calendar
                                    


                                        Dining
                                    


                                        Games & Puzzles
                                    


                                        Music
                                    


                                        Movies
                                    


                                        People
                                    


                                        TV
                                    





                                Lifestyles
                            



                                        Food and Cooking
                                    


                                        Health and Fitness
                                    


                                        Home and Garden
                                    


                                        Outdoors
                                    


                                        Pets
                                    



                                Mug shots
                            






                                Opinion
                            



                                        Editorials
                                    


                                        Letters to the Editor
                                    


                                        Columnists
                                    



                                Obituaries
                            




                                Travel
                            






                                Celebrate
                            



                                        Anniversaries
                                    


                                        Birthdays
                                    


                                        Engagements
                                    


                                        Milestones
                                    


                                        Salute
                                    


                                        Weddings
                                    


                                        Births and daily record
                                    



                                Photos
                            




                                Live from the newsroom
                            




                                Traffic
                            




                                Weather
                            






                                Classifieds
                            



                                        Real Estate
                                    


                                        Cars
                                    


                                        Jobs
                                    


                                        Classifieds
                                    


                                        Business Directory
                                    


                                        Newspaper Ads
                                    


                                        Special sections
                                    



                                Weekly Ads
                            






                                Deals
                            



                                        QC Deals: Get it! Today
                                    


                                        Local Business Search
                                    


                                        Weekly Ads
                                    


                                        Latest Offers
                                    


                                        Contests
                                    



                                Jobs
                            




                                Newsletter Sign-up
                            




                                E-Edition
                            




                                Quad-City Times Bix 7
                            




























Close
















Terry Lunardi
 
































































        
        Terry Lunardi 
    


Quad-City Times Obituaries

Aug 7, 2009













































Terry Lunardi



















































DAVENPORT - Funeral services and a Mass of Christian Burial for
Terry Lunardi will be 10 a.m. Monday, August 10, 2009, at St.
Anthony's Catholic Church, 417 Main Street, Davenport. Burial will
take place in Mt. Calvary Cemetery. Visitation will be Sunday from
2 until 6 p.m. at the Halligan-McCabe-DeVries Funeral Home, 614
Main Street, Davenport. There will be a prayer service and time of
sharing at 2 p.m. to begin the visitation. In lieu of flowers
memorials have been requested to the Handicapped Development
Center, Scott County Family YMCA or to the Genesis Foundation for
the Flu Free Quad-Cities Program, an initiative to vaccinate
children in the Quad Cities from the seasonal flu, all of which
were very close to Terry's heart. Terry (Terrence S.) Lunardi, 56,
passed away unexpectedly August 4, 2009, at Genesis Medical Center,
East Campus.
Terry was born in Davenport, on August 13, 1952, the son of Ardo
E. and Claire (Schroeder) Lunardi. Terry was a proud product of the
Davenport Public School System. He put himself through Palmer
Junior College and St. Ambrose College by working for the Sieg
Automotive Company. Terry graduated from St. Ambrose in 1975 with a
degree in Business.
He proudly owned and operated Lunardi's Italian Restaurant for
20 years, opening in June of 1989. Terry was also a partner in SA
Merchandise Store, a sports memorabilia business with 43 locations
in 15 states. One outlet, The Black and Gold Shop, is located near
his Davenport restaurant.

Terry credited his parents for instilling in him a strong work
ethic and teaching him the importance of giving time and resources
to those coming behind so they would have the same opportunities he
enjoyed. The Quad-City community has been the rich beneficiary of
these teachings. Terry Lunardi's commitment to community service
was life-long. He has been described as "the constant" on those
boards and organizations he served, always present and always ready
to contribute. If a complex issue needed to be raised or an
initiative needed a compassionate spokesperson, Terry was the first
to be asked. He served and supported organizations that he felt
were essential to the community, including, among others:
DavenportOne Board of Directors and Small Business Council, Chair,
Scott County YMCA Board of Directors, Riverboat Development
Authority Board of Directors and Treasurer, Handicapped Development
Center Board of Directors, and the Davenport Rotary.
Terry Lunardi never sought the limelight. In fact, he made
hundreds of contributions quietly and without recognition, as he
preferred. Among the awards that came his way during his lifetime
were: U.S. Small Business Association's "2004 Family-Owned Small
Business Champion of the Year" for Iowa, 2003 Volunteer of the Year
for DavenportOne, U.S. Department of Education Business Partner of
the Year, and Rotary Foundation Paul Harris Fellow.
An enthusiastic cheerleader for Davenport and for young people,
in particular, Terry also was at the helm of such projects as:
Garfield Elementary School Business Partnership, where he was also
the visionary in starting the KLJG radio station at the school, a
radio station that is student operated; Davenport Schools
Superintendent Team; Junior Achievement; Red, White & Boom!
July 4th Fireworks Celebration, St. Ambrose University WineFest
Scholarship Committee, QC Kite Festival, Niabi Zoo Kids Day, Kids
to the Pumpkin Patch.

Terry often offered his personal quote, "Always strive to do it
right the first time. You may not get a second chance." With that
in mind, Terry lived life to the fullest and enjoyed spending time
with family and friends. Whether it was riding his Harley, chatting
with customers at his restaurant, quoting lines from movies and
famous characters or telling his joke-of-the-week, Terry loved to
laugh and to be around friends. He leaves us a legacy of laughter,
warmth and wonderful memories.
Terry Lunardi is survived by brothers and sisters-in law, Tom
Lunardi, Davenport, Rick and Cheryl Lunardi, Eldridge, and Bruce
and Marlene Lunardi, Bettendorf; nephews and nieces, Paul and
Brooke Lunardi, Davenport, Sydney, Synclaire, and Max Lunardi, all
of Bettendorf; great nieces and nephews, Allison, Jake, and Ashlyn
Lunardi, and Tyler Pence; and his cousins from Dubuque, David
(Donna), Dennis, and Jackie (Tom) and Patricia of Davenport, and
many, many close friends. All will miss him deeply. Online
remembrances and condolences may be expressed by visiting Terry's
obituary at www.hmdfuneralhome.com.
Yes, Virginia, there is a Santa Claus...and his real name is
Terry Lunardi.



















































Celebrate
the life of: Terry Lunardi  Send Flowers
Or call 888-579-7982 to order by phone.

















                
                Find an Obituary
                
            














Since yesterday
Past 2 days
Past 3 days
Past week
Past month
Past year
Any day


                        Range 


 Search












Submit an ObituaryFuneral homes often submit obituaries as a service to the families they are assisting. Obituaries submitted by family members are also accepted pending proper verification of the death.Submit an Obituary






More




                
                Latest Local Offers
                
            


















Hilltop Mini Buildings and Lawn Decor





        

        
        Easy-to-care for furniture from Hilltop Mini Buildings and Lawn Decor! Call for more information: 309-596-2684
















Breathe Easy Air Duct Cleaning





        

        
        Call Breathe Easy to take advantage of our $49 Air Duct Cleaning Package! For more information, call today - 563-362-0918
















Barnett's House Of Fireplaces





        

        
        Does Your Gas Fireplace Need Service? Let the experts at Barnett's House of Fireplaces take the work off your hands!










© 2017 Lee Enterprises | Terms | Privacy


























© Copyright 2017 The Quad City Times, 500 E 3rd St. Davenport, IA | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.

























DAVENPORT































 











Home
About

Meet Our Team
Outreach
News


Services

Transportation Design
Traffic Engineering
Environmental Services
Specialty Engineering Services
Construction Services
Public Involvement


Project Gallery

Environmental
Government
Higher Education
Industrial
K-12 Schools
Real Estate Developments
Specialty


Contact

Employment


Locations
Join our Mailing List!












Meet Our Team









John Davenport, Jr., PE
President



Dan Cumbo, PE
Vice President


Frank Amenya, PE, PTOE
Director of Traffic Engineering



Jeff Ingham, PE, PTOE
Director, Charleston Regional Office


Joseph Wallace
Virginia Regional Operations Manager





Greg Atkins, PE, LEED AP
Project Manager



David Newberger, PE, PTOE
Director, NOVA Regional Office


Edith Peters, PE, PTOE
Director, Charlotte Regional Office


Mary Morgan, PE
Project Manager - Pensacola


Jeremy Runkle, PE, MBA
Director, Jacksonville Regional Office





Royal Hinshaw, PE
Project Manager



Nick Liguori PE
Project Manager - Richmond


Dionne Brown, PE
Project Engineer - Triangle Regional Office


Robin Buchanan
Business Development Manager


Zachary Bush,CA, LEED AP, PWS
Environmental Scientist





Christy Staudt, PE
Bicycle & Pedestrian Project Manager


Tia Smith, EI
Project Engineer


Lori Boyer, PE
Project Manager - Asheville


Ryan Thompson, EI
Project Engineer


Chris Bowers, EI
Construction Inspection





Anusha Pokhrel, EIT
Project Engineer


Katie Pressley
Environmental Scientist


Monisha Badarinath
Project Engineer


Grandin Howell
Marketing Coordinator



Michael Davenport
Transportation Technician





Cameron Clayton
Project Engineer


Cory Steiss, EI
Project Engineer













John Davenport, Jr., PE
President
John Davenport has over 20 years of comprehensive experience in the field of transportation and civil engineering.  His first ten years were spent with NCDOT where he developed invaluable relationships with NCDOT officials statewide. John has worked in the Raleigh, Greensboro and Winston-Salem offices of NCDOT in various positions related to transportation.  His last position was as the Division Traffic Engineer for NCDOT Division Nine in Winston-Salem, NC.  His projects can be found throughout the state.
Since leaving NCDOT, John has worked as a consultant throughout the Southeast, providing transportation engineering services to both public and private sector clients.  John enjoys working with challenging projects and is a team builder who specializes in dealing with complex problems that require the cooperation of multiple agencies.  His desire is always for a “win-win” solution – and generally that is what he achieves.  John’s philosophy and goal on any project is to achieve a finished product that is satisfactory to ALL stakeholders – the client, the reviewing agency (often the same), and the public.  John is not afraid to suggest solutions that may be unconventional as he believes good engineering involves both science and creativity.  John has a vast network of contacts throughout DAVENPORT’s service area. These relationships and John’s experience prove vital in keeping our projects on schedule. His good decision making and ability to multitask enable him to be a superior project manager. With tight economic conditions as they currently exist, his uncanny ability to value engineer viable solutions help our clients to stretch limited resources and achieve maximum impact.
John is a licensed professional engineer in the states of North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, Georgia, and Virginia.
Close



Dan Cumbo, PE
Vice President
Wilmington Office Director
Dan Cumbo has over 20 years of wide-ranging experience in the field of transportation engineering including construction, maintenance, traffic engineering, and operations – in public and private sectors.  Sixteen of these years were spent with NCDOT where he held various positions including Sampson County Maintenance Engineer and Wilmington District Engineer.  Dan gained extensive knowledge and experience related to driveway permits, encroachments, and roadway design from his various positions of responsibility within multiple NCDOT Maintenance and District Offices.  He has been directly responsible for the approval of hundreds of driveway and encroachment permits, highway improvement projects, and subdivision roads to be added to the State system.  His last position with NCDOT was as the Division Traffic Engineer for Division 3 in Wilmington where his responsibilities included traffic impact analyses for various sizes of development ranging from small residential subdivisions to large mixed-use developments.  He also investigated and approved all new signal installations during his tenure as Division Traffic Engineer, and has performed numerous highway operational and safety investigations with problem-solving strategies.  He was involved with the design and installation of the first roundabouts on State roadways in Division 3.  Through this previous experience, Dan has formed invaluable relationships with NCDOT staff and other local governmental agencies in the Cape Fear Region and statewide.
Dan is a licensed professional engineer in the states of North Carolina, South Carolina and Virginia
Close



Frank Amenya, PE, PTOE
Director of Traffic Engineering
Frank Amenya has 14  years of experience in transportation engineering.  His responsibilities include data collection and analysis, traffic operations and safety, roadway and traffic signal timing design, and other transportation related projects.  Frank has 4 years of international experience on many traffic engineering and transportation planning studies and has a variety of experience in transportation safety projects and research.  Mr. Amenya has experience in capacity analysis, traffic simulation, roundabout analysis, superstreet analysis, signal warrant analysis, internal circulation studies, parking studies, developing traffic control plans, and traffic signal timing and design.  His computer experience in transportation applied programs includes Synchro, Simtraffic, TSPPD, HCS+, SIDRA, Auto Turn and AutoCAD LDD.
Close



Scott Clark, PE
Director 
Triangle Regional Office
Scott Clark has 20 years of wide-ranging experience in the field of transportation engineering.  His design experience includes widening projects, freeway and interchange projects, design-build projects, roundabouts projects, bridge replacement projects, and superstreet projects.  Scott's work history includes work in North Carolina, Georgia and Virginia and covers a client roster array such as the NCDOT, private sector businesses and institutional organizations such as hospitals, public schools, municipalities, and universities. Scott has "hands-on" experience as well as training credentials for Microstation and Geopak software packages. His additional software expertise includes AutoCAD and Land Development Applications.
Close



Royal Hinshaw, PE
Project Manager
Royal Hinshaw has over 15 years of experience in  traffic signal design and has designed over 100 signals.  As a former NCDOT employee, he participated in the design of more than 1500 traffic signals, either directly or as a supervisor.  His last position with NCDOT was as a Signal Equipment Design Project Engineer, where his duties included the preparation of electrical and programming details for traffic signal installations throughout the State of NC.  In addition, he helped develop many of the standards used by NCDOT in plan preparation, including authoring much of the Signals Management section of the current Traffic Management & Signal Systems Unit Design Manual.
Royal is consistently ranked in the top 20% (very good to perfect) on the private engineering firm rating scale by NCDOT’s consultant design review staff.  (NCDOT provides this feedback with each design submitted.)  At DAVENPORT, Royal's responsibilities include preparation of signal plans, electrical & programming plans, and signal-system interconnection plans.  He is experienced with complex signal design features, including superstreet intersections, out-of-street detection, long-vehicle speed detection, railroad preemption, and emergency vehicle preemption.  He also has experience with fiber optic and wireless communication plans for coordinated signal systems and CCTV cameras.  During his six and a half years with NCDOT’s Signals Management Section,  he developed invaluable relationships with NCDOT officials statewide.  In addition to his NCDOT relationships, Royal also has strong relationships with many signal contractors and municipalities.
Close



David Newberger, PE, PTOE
Director, NOVA Regional Office
Based in Northern Virginia, David Newberger brings over 13 years of traffic engineering project management experience throughout Virginia, Maryland, and Washington DC.   He has worked in both the public and private sectors on design-bid-build, design/build, and developer driven projects.  He has experience in all areas of traffic engineering including traffic engineering design (traffic signal design, signing and pavement marking, maintenance of traffic, lighting design and ITS), traffic operations/safety, traffic calming and bicycle/pedestrian safety.  Dave was traffic engineering design lead for the Virginia MegaProjects I-495 and I-95 Express Lanes, and Project/Task Manager for on-call contracts with Arlington and Fairfax Counties.    Dave’s experience has required he work very closely with state and local agencies and he has a proven track record for delivering projects on time and under budget.  Dave is proficient in a number of engineering softwares including: AutoCAD, Microstation, AutoTurn, GuidSIGN, Visual, HCS, and Synchro.
Dave is a licensed professional engineer (PE) in the states of Virginia, Maryland, DC, and Delaware,  he is a registered Professional Transportation Operations Engineer (PTOE), and holds a number of VDOT certifications including the Advanced Work Zone Traffic Control Training.
    
Close



Michael Davenport
Transportation Technician
Michael Davenport has over 10 years of transportation experience with DAVENPORT.  During these  years, he has conducted numerous traffic data collection projects in North Carolina and Virginia.  He has communicated effectively with state and local government on traffic data collection issues, including arranging for temporary closure on sections of roadway.  He has been the field coordinator on many projects for DAVENPORT, including multiple counts on numerous projects.  Michael has extensive Traffic Data Collection experience, specifically with JAMAR traffic counting equipment, Metro, NuMetrics NC-97 Classifiers, and PEEK ADR-1000 Traffic counters. Michael has managed several projects requiring knowledge of traffic and traffic control procedures and is fully versed in all aspects of emergency traffic control.  In addition to work completed for various agencies and consultants, Michael oversees all of the in house data collection.  To date, he has been involved in over 800 turning movement counts.
Close



John Townsend, PE
Director of Transportation Design
John Townsend is a Transportation Project Manager for DAVENPORT with over 10 years of transportation planning, engineering and design experience. He has worked with both private and public sector clients, and has proven knowledge and experience with municipal and state requirements. His experience also includes several facets of traffic engineering including the management, completion, signing and sealing of transportation studies; traffic impact analyses; corridor studies; traffic signal timing plans; traffic signal design; traffic calming; traffic signing/marking plans; traffic control plans; roadway design; and construction cost estimating. John's professional experience has provided a wide-range of consulting services for roadways, land development, and traffic signals. He is proficient with a number of transportation/engineering-related softwares including AutoCAD, Civil 3D, Microstation, HCS 2000, Synchro, SimTraffic, StormCAD, FlowMaster, CulvertMaster, SIDRA Intersection and Rodel. John is also experienced with all aspects of project management including contract preparation, fee estimates, invoicing, accounts receivable and financial performance assessment.
Close



Joseph Wallace
Virginia Regional Operations Manager
Based in Richmond, Virginia, Joe Wallace is the Director of Transportation Planning with over 24 years of traffic operations and roadway planning experience, including 5 years with VDOT’s Traffic Engineering Division. He has experience in all facets of traffic engineering including traffic control device design, traffic operations, traffic safety, parking design and analysis, traffic calming and interchange analysis. Many of the projects Joe manages in the Richmond area and throughout the state include a combination of traffic engineering and site design issues. Additionally, his infrastructure work has required extensive public involvement, due to the critical nature of those projects.  He has extensive experience in traffic signalization, signing and pavement markings, roadway lighting design, culvert and storm sewer design, pavement design and roadway geometric design.  Over the last four years Joe has been involved in the management of Homeland Security Projects which include both public and private clients and relates mostly to access and facility force protection.  He is proficient with transportation-related software including Corsim, SYNCHRO, CORFLO, HCS and INTRAS.
Close



Mary Morgan, PE
Project Manager - Pensacola
Mary Morgan, PE is DAVENPORT's Traffic Project Manager located in the company's Pensacola, FL regional office. Mary has conducted traffic impact analyses and operational studies, and has prepared transportation mitigation cost estimates to manage traffic and transportation projects for her clients. Her experience includes both private and public sector clients ranging from small studies to large scale regional analyses. Her knowledge encompasses: signal warrant analyses, unsignalized and signalized intersection analyses, trip generation studies, data collection, travel demand forecasting, turn lane warrants, stacking analyses, site access and circulation, site safety, crash analyses, and public involvement and meetings. Her software proficiencies include: MicroStation, Cube, ArcGIS, AutoCAD, ArcGIS; in addition to Synchro, SimTraffic, SIDRA, Highway Capacity Software (HCS+), and Quick Response System II (QRS).
Close



Jeff Ingham, PE, PTOE
Director, Charleston Regional Office
Jeff Ingham has over 22 years of experience in the field of transportation planning and design. He has experience in traffic impact analysis, traffic operations, intersection and signal design, street and highway safety, project management, and NEPA documentation. His project experience covers a broad range of transportation projects, from small detailed site analyses to major corridor studies involving numerous environmental and planning issues.  Jeff operates  DAVENPORT's Charleston Regional Office in South Carolina.
Close



Nick Liguori, PE
Project Manager - Richmond
Nick Liguori is DAVENPORT’s Traffic Project Manager located in the Richmond, VA regional office. He has over 6 years of experience working with DAVENPORT, performing traffic analyses for a wide variety of projects across the Southeast. These include both private and public sector clients, ranging from small developments and intersection improvement studies to universities, large scale developments, and downtown street reconfigurations. His knowledge encompasses: signal warrant analyses; unsignalized, signalized, and roundabout analysis; trip generation studies; data collection; turn lane warrants; speed and travel time studies; signal design; signal timing plans; safety studies and traffic calming; site access and circulation; parking studies; and public involvement and meetings. His software proficiencies include MicroStation, AutoCAD, Synchro, Sim Traffic, aSIDRA, HCS+, TravTime, TruTraffic, AutoTurn, and ArcGIS.
Close



Dionne Brown, PE
Project Engineer - Triangle Regional Office
Dionne Brown is a Project Engineer in DAVENPORT's Triangle Regional Office. As a former Project Planning Engineer for NCDOT, Dionne brings a wealth of experience to the DAVENPORT team including over 5 years of experience working on environmental documentation for bridge replacements across the State of North Carolina.  Dionne is skilled in technical writing for project planning reports, managing projects, and coordinating with internal and external stakeholders.  In addition, she has experience developing figures and maps in Microstation, Geopak, and Spatial Data Viewer.  She has attended training for ArcGIS, FHWA Federal Aid Highways, FHWA Section 4(f) Compliance, and NEPA and the Transportation Decision Process.
Close



Edith Peters, PE, PTOE
Director, Charlotte Regional Office
Edith Peters is the Director of our Charlotte regional office and has managed multiple NCDOT and municipal projects with responsibilities that include supervising staff, project coordination, and client management. Ms. Peters has over nine years of experience in the industry, providing traffic engineering, transportation planning, and transportation design on numerous projects throughout North Carolina, South Carolina, Virginia, and Georgia. Ms. Peters is proficient in MicroStation V8i/GeoPak, AutoCAD/Civil 3D, ArcGIS, Synchro/SimTraffic, CORSIM, SIDRA, and HCS 2010.
Close



Adrienne Rogers
Environmental Scientist
Ms. Rogers offers over 8+ years of experience in environmental science including conducting numerous wetlands and stream delineations for both the private and public sector across the state of North Carolina and in South Carolina, and coordinated the procurement of required permits issued by the United States Army Corps of Engineers (USACE) and various divisons within the North Carolina Department of Environment and Natural Resources (NCDENR), such as Coastal Area Management Act (CAMA) permits, Division of Water Resources Section 401 Water Quality Certifications, Sedimentation and Erosion Control Permits, NPDES Permits and State Stormwater Permits. Ms. Rogers has also conducted numerous Phase I and Phase II Environmental Site Assessments (ESAs) to determine environmental liabilities for Real Property Transfers in the private sector. Ms. Rogers has conducted preliminary assessment site investigations (PA/SI) for military construction (MILCON) projects aboard Marine Corps Installation East – Marine Corps Base Camp Lejeune (MCIEAST-MCB CAMLEJ). In addition, Ms. Rogers has conducted numerous Underground Storage Tank (UST) and Non-UST release assessments, including but not limited to, planning, locating and drilling soil borings, collecting and screening soil samples, planning, locating, and installing monitoring wells, collecting groundwater samples, conducting analyses of sampling results, report preparation, and project management. Ms. Rogers has performed a number of Limited Site Assessments (LSAs) and Comprehensive Site Assessments (CSAs) to determine location of groundwater contamination plumes for petroluem-related constituents. Ms. Rogers has also prepared and submitted correspondence and the associated documentation as required by the National Environmental Policy Act (NEPA) for Categorical Exclusions (CE), Environmental Assessments with Findings of No Significant Impacts (FONSI), and the State Environmental Policy Act (SEPA) for environmental reviews as conducted by the State Environmental Review Clearinghouse. Ms. Rogers has experience in site design and procuring various NCDENR and North Carolina Department of Transportation (NCDOT) permits for public and private developments, including but not limited to, NCDOT driveway permits and NCDOT encroachment agreements. Ms. Rogers also utilizes Geographical Information Systems (GIS) for map making, including, but not limited to, data acquisition, data conversion for different formats to GIS, attribute editing, conversion of field collected GPS data into GIS format, and for the creation of digital base maps using high-resolution color orthophotos and municipal shapefiles.
Close



Zach Bush
Environmental Scientist
Zach Bush has over six years of experience in marine science and environmental planning.  He has performed Geographic Information Systems (GIS) analyses, wetland delineations, contamination assessments, biological assessments, tree surveys, seagrass surveys, community resource assessments, traffic noise analyses and environmental report preparation.  He has extensive experience with projects involving the National Environmental Protection Act (NEPA).  Mr. Bush is involved with complex Florida Department of Transportation Project Development and Environment (PD&E) studies that require significant coordination with federal, state and local agencies as well as community involvement. 
Close



Christy Staudt, PE
Bicycle & Pedestrian Project Manager
Christina Staudt has 19 years of experience in the field of transportation planning and engineering, working for both public and private sector clients.  Ms. Staudt specializes in active transportation (bicycle and pedestrian) planning and design.  Ms. Staudt has worked on transportation project delivery at every stage including preliminary scoping, funding identification, grant writing, scope preparation, conceptual planning, feasibility review, safety reviews, cost estimating, preliminary engineering, final design and permitting as well as some experience in bid document preparation and construction management.  She has worked on a variety of transportation planning and design projects including statewide (bicycle and pedestrian) policy and design standards, local land development code writing, transit oriented and transit adjacent development planning, regional transportation studies and modeling, interchange and highway design, new roadway alignment studies, NEPA permitting and documentation (CE, EA and EIS level), corridor studies, signal design and coordination, traffic calming, land development and access review, greenway planning and design, on-road bicycle facilities (including NACTO treatments), pedestrian facilities, ADA compliance and crossing safety enhancements and Safe Routes to School (SRTS) projects.  Throughout her career, Ms. Staudt has effectivity coordinated public involvement plan development and implementation at regional and local levels.  Recognizing that transportation facilities directly impact people’s daily quality of life and mobility options, Ms. Staudt strives to incorporate context sensitivity and livability in each transportation project she is involved with. 
Close



Tia Smith, EI
Project Engineer
Tia is a recent graduate of NC A&T State University with a degree in Architectural Engineering with a Concentration in Construction.  Through her previous internship with the Greensboro Housing Authority, Tia gained a strong background in site inspections, field reporting, and cost estimating during preliminary and final design phases for major projects and renovations.  Tia is proficient in Computer Aided Design Software (CAD).
Close



Grandin Howell
Marketing Coordinator
Grandin Howell has over 5 years of experience in marketing and graphic design. He is skilled in multiple design software including Google SketchUp, AutoCAD, Maya and 3Ds MAX. He is also proficient in Adobe Photoshop, Illustrator, and InDesign. He has attended classes in architectural drawing, digital representation, structures and materials, and design studio. As DAVENPORT's Marketing Coordinator, he assists our project teams in creation of graphic renderings, flyers, logos, presentation boards and other graphic items in support of DAVENPORT's public involvement work. 

Close



Lori Boyer, PE
Project Manager - Asheville
Lori Boyer has over 18 years of professional experience as a Traffic Engineer. She has worked in both the private and public sector, including several years at NCDOT as a Signal Design Engineer. Lori’s experience includes numerous traffic impact analysis, operational studies, and traffic signal and timing. She is proficient in signal warrant analysis, unsignalized and signalized intersection analysis, trip generation studies, data collection, turn lane warrants, site access and circulation, and crash analysis. Lori is also experienced with parking studies, wayfinding studies, and coordination with field operations. Lori is located in DAVENPORT’s Asheville office, and has extensive experience on projects in Asheville.

Close



Ryan Thompson, EI
Project Engineer
Ryan Thompson offers 3 years of experience in the Civil Engineering field, with a focus in Hydraulics and Drainage Design . Ryan has worked on NCDOT and SCDOT hydraulic and erosion control design projects. He has field experience cutting hydraulic cross sections for multiple culverts and bridges. He has erosion control design experience on much larger project sites utilizing AutoCAD Civil 3D.
Close



Jeremy Runkle, PE
Director, Jacksonville Regional Office
Jeremy Runkle has extensive experience in the field of transportation engineering. He is a licensed professional with extensive experience of notable success driving design and production for multimillion dollar projects. He has been responsible for multiple aspects of project management to include overall project plans and schedule as well as budget monitoring and client relations. He is cost-conscious and accustomed to performing in deadline-driven environments with an emphasis on working innovatively within scope and budget requirements. Mr. Runkle has received the Pathfinder Team Award of Excellence for the first Diverging Diamond Interchange (DDI) design statewide and the largest in the nation. 
Close



Chris Bowers, EI
Construction Inspector
Chris has 20 years of industry experience. He has performed building and site inspections, prepared rough grade and fine grade model of project sites, bid solicitations, project management, concrete and soil testing, and Phase I and II Environmental Site Assessments. 
Close



Anusha Pokhrel, EIT
Project Engineer
Anusha comes to DAVENPORT with over 7 years of experience in coordinating transportation engineering projects for roads, bridges, and culverts. She specializes in creating design drawing sheets, developing transportation management plans (TMPs), and overseeing contractor work.  Anusha has extensive experience in maintaining thorough project records that ensure compliance with governing regulations and design specifications. Her background includes leading international projects for rural road development. 
Close



Greg Atkins, PE, LEED AP
Project Manager
Mr. Atkins has over 32 years of experience in civil engineering design and CADD management, with a strong emphasis on roadway and utility design.  In previous employment, Greg was responsible for the preparation of roadway design plans, including construction, right-of-way, erosion control, and drainage, and for providing quality assurance for all plan sheets.  Greg possesses more than 30 years of experience working in Microstation and Geopak on roadway designs using NCDOT standards and workspaces. He also has experience with water and sewer system designs and site designs for the Fort Bragg military base and its surrounding areas.  
Close



Monisha Badarinath
Project Engineer
Ms. Badarinath is a recent graduate of the North Carolina State University’s Master of Civil Engineering program and brings her, already sizeable, list of experiences in traffic and transportation engineering projects to the table.  From managing the data collection efforts for the traffic team to developing traffic impact analyses, Monisha adds fresh perspectives and skills to the DAVENPORT team. 
Close



Savannah Amor, EIT
Project Engineer
Savannah is a recent addition to DAVENPORT’s team in the Richmond office.  Ms. Amor graduated from Virginia Tech with a B.S. in Civil Engineering and a Minor in Green Engineering in 2011. Her transportation experience includes traffic engineering services, signal warrant studies and signal design, transportation planning access management studies, and traffic impact studies (including VDOT Chapter 527).  Savannah has also performed roadway design work and all necessary Maintenance of Traffic, plans, and Advanced Work Zone Traffic Control Certifications.  In addition to her professional role, she currently serves as the 2015-2016 President for the Central Virginia Chapter of the Women’s Transportation Seminar (WTS). The Chapter, which will be celebrating their 10 year anniversary in 2016, focuses their mission on building the future of transportation through the global advancement of women.  
Close



John E. Richards III, PE
Project Engineer
John Richards is a Project Engineer in DAVENPORT's Triangle Regional Office. John has 10 years of transportation experience from planning to construction. Since leaving NCDOT in 2014, Mr. Richards has worked as a consultant in North Carolina providing transportation engineering services for the NCDOT. John brings a variety of experience to the DAVENPORT team including over 8 years of experience working for NCDOT as a Summer Intern, Transportation Engineering Associate, and Project Planning Engineer and 2 years of design experience as a consultant. John is skilled in functional and preliminary design including alternative development, interchange design, corridor modeling, capacity analysis of interchanges and freeways, technical writing for project planning reports, impact analysis, facilitating team meetings, and managing large transportation projects. John is proficient in Microstation, Geopak, Corridor Modeling, ArcGIS, and MS Project®. John has attended training for Value Engineering, Corridor Modeling, Bentley's Geopak, IRWA's The Uniform Act Executive Summary, Merger Facilitation, and National Highway Institute's NEPA and the Transportation Decisionmaking Process among several others.

Close



Robin Buchanan
Business Development Manager
Robin Buchanan has over 15 years of experience in Marketing and Business Development for the Architecture / Engineering / Construction Community. Ms. Buchanan provides support to our engineering staff for all project public involvement activities. Her experience includes website development, stakeholder surveys, interactive mapping, flyers, and presentation boards.

  
Close



Terry Harris, PE
Project Engineer
Terry Harris is a Project Engineer in DAVENPORT’s Triangle Regional Office. Terry has over 19 years of experience in transportation engineering. These years include roadway, structures, PDEA, and visualization. His most recent design experience includes various roadway projects for the last 10 years. These include freeway and interchange projects, urban & widening projects, and bridge replacement projects. All have included Corridor Modeling at some point in the process once it became an actively used tool for designs. He has been a team member that managed larger projects involving Merger team concurrence point meetings. He has worked across the State of NC from the western mountains to the east coast on various roadway projects. Terry is proficient in Microstation, Geopak, Corridor Modeling, Trns-Port PES, ArcGIS, Microsoft products (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Lync), NCDOT and ASSHTO Standards and Policies.

Close



Cameron Clayton
Project Engineer
Cameron is a recent graduate from North Carolina State University and holds a bachelor’s degree in Civil Engineering with a focus in transportation.  Cameron secured an internship with DAVENPORT where he was able to learn the fundamentals of traffic data collection and transportation analysis.  Since joining the DAVENPORT team full-time in early 2016, Mr. Clayton has been able to hone his skills in AutoCAD 3D, Microstation, and Geopak.

Close



Cory Steiss, EI
Project Engineer
Since joining the DAVENPORT team, Cory has provided exemplary traffic data collection services. During his time at NC State, Cory served as a Research Assistant at the Institute for Transportation Research and
Education (ITRE) on North Carolina State University’s Centennial Campus. To date, Cory has performed numerous data extractions and analyses of field videos, he has worked extensively with the programs Vistro and Vissim, and has worked specifically with pedestrian and bike safety research.

Close



Katie Pressley
Environmental Scientist
Katie Pressley is a recent graduate from Shippensburg University in Pennsylvania with a Master’s of Science and a focus on hydrogeology and Geographic Information Systems (GIS). She previously graduated from Guilford College in Greensboro, NC with a Bachelor’s of Science in Geology. Katie completed an internship in August 2015 with the United States Department of Agriculture Natural Resources Conservation Service (USDA-NRCS) and the local Conservation District. During her internship with the government she helped review National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System (NPDES) permits, delineated wetlands and watersheds, and assisted engineers in designing and implementing storage tanks and other conservation techniques. She is skilled in designing maps with GIS, Global Positioning Systems (GPS), and in using GPR (Ground Penetrating Radar) and the United States Army Corp of Engineer’s Hydrologic Engineering Center (USACE-HEC) computer programs to model surface and groundwater. Katie recently joined the DAVENPORT team to assist in preparation of permit applications, creation of technical reports per North Carolina Department of Environmental Quality (NCDEQ) guidelines, and to ensure compliance with the National Environmental Protection Act (NEPA).

Close










Contact
Corporate Office
305 West Fourth Street - Suite 2A
						Winston-Salem, NC 27101
Office: 336-744-1636
						Fax: 336-458-9377
info@davenportworld.com 




News
DAVENPORT opens its second office in Florida and Jeremy Runkle, PE, MBA is selected to lead the new Jacksonville location!

01-June 2017

DAVENPORT hires New Director to the Charlotte Office!

12-May 2017































© 2014 DAVENPORT. All rights reserved






Jeremy Runkle, PE, MBA is selected to lead the new DAVENPORT office in Jacksonville, FL
   
  DAVENPORT is thrilled to announce the addition of its 11th office to the Southeast!  Located in Jacksonville, FL this will be the firm’s second office within the Sunshine State (in addition to Pensacola, FL).  Our firm has chosen the right person for the job.  Jeremy Runkle, PE, MBA will serve as the Director of the Jacksonville Regional Office.  Mr. Runkle has extensive experience in the field of transportation engineering and has significant experience on notable design-driven multimillion dollar projects.   
Jeremy comes to DAVENPORT with over 10 years of experience providing transportation engineering services including proficiency in roadway design, construction plans preparation, CADD, project documentation, and cost estimating. Mr. Runkle’s specialties include geometric design, intersection design, interchange design, traffic operations including signing and pavement markings, ADA compliance, and bicycle facilities, with additional experience in pavement design, drainage design, and maintenance of traffic design.  
With the design expertise Jeremy brings to the firm in the greater Jacksonville area, DAVENPORT is pleased to provide its top-notch services and complete its coverage of the North Florida region. DAVENPORT is excited to bring its proven engineered success to new clients within the State of Florida and look forward to the many opportunities ahead!
 For more on Jeremy you can visit the Our Team page.   
 

Close


Edith Peters, PE, PTOE joins the DAVENPORT Team to head the Charlotte Office
   
  DAVENPORT is pleased to announce that Edith G. Peters, PE, PTOE has joined DAVENPORT as Director of the Charlotte Regional Office.  Ms. Peters has over nine years of experience in the industry, providing traffic engineering, transportation planning, and transportation design on numerous projects throughout North Carolina, South Carolina, Virginia, and Georgia. 
 
	 For more on Edith you can visit the Our Team page. We look forward to her presence in the firm and to the many opportunities that await. 
  

Close



Terrys Flooring in Davenport, Florida with Reviews - YP.comStart your search by typing in the business name below.
What do you want to find?

Where?My current locationSearchHomeDavenport, FLTerrys FlooringDavenport, FL Terrys FlooringAbout Search ResultsAbout Search ResultsYP - The Real Yellow PagesSM - helps you find the right local businesses to meet your specific needs. Search results are sorted by a combination of factors to give you a set of choices in response to your search criteria. These factors are similar to those you might use to determine which business to select from a local Yellow Pages directory, including proximity to where you are searching, expertise in the specific services or products you need, and comprehensive business information to help evaluate a business's suitability for you. “Preferred” listings, or those with featured website buttons, indicate YP advertisers who directly provide information about their businesses to help consumers make more informed buying decisions. YP advertisers receive higher placement in the default ordering of search results and may appear in sponsored listings on the top, side, or bottom of the search results page.Sort:DefaultDefaultDistanceRatingName (A - Z)Sponsored LinksLocal Carpet & FlooringHuge Selection from Quality BrandsCourteous In-Home Consultation!www.Services-Connect.comSALE: BUY 1, GET 2 FREE!Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your home collection!Error when adding to home collectionThis business was removed from the home collection1. JAYCO FLOOR COVERINGS.LLC236 Ashton DrDavenport, FL 33837(407) 801-3288Flooring ContractorsWebsiteFrom Business: We are aa small company striving for excellence want to make our customers happy and comply with their interior decorating needs.Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your home collection!Error when adding to home collectionThis business was removed from the home collection2. Lujo Floors Inc.BBB Rating: A+42661 Highway 27 Unit A-6Davenport, FL 33837(863) 419-4363Flooring ContractorsFloor MaterialsWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your home collection!Error when adding to home collectionThis business was removed from the home collection3. Kitchens, Flooring & MoreBBB Rating: A+36184 Hwy 27Haines City, FL 33844(863) 438-7992Flooring ContractorsAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your home collection!Error when adding to home collectionThis business was removed from the home collection4. Contractors Flooring A918 Roberts RdHaines City, FL 33844(863) 353-6823Flooring ContractorsAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your home collection!Error when adding to home collectionThis business was removed from the home collection5. JIM'S FLOOR DEPOT(5)BBB Rating: A29710 Hwy 27Dundee, FL 33838(863) 439-7500Flooring ContractorsWebsiteI had wood floors put in my home and they had the best selection and pricing in this area. we ordered the product within a few days they installed t…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your home collection!Error when adding to home collectionThis business was removed from the home collection6. Poinciana Floors & Tiles337 Alegriano CtKissimmee, FL 34758(407) 908-9629Flooring ContractorsAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your home collection!Error when adding to home collectionThis business was removed from the home collection7. Waldrop Flooring109 S 7th StHaines City, FL 33844(863) 236-9464Flooring ContractorsAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your home collection!Error when adding to home collectionThis business was removed from the home collection8. Right Way Floor CoveringBBB Rating: A+29714 Hwy 27Dundee, FL 33838(863) 299-7888Carpet & Rug Pads, Linings &...WebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your home collection!Error when adding to home collectionThis business was removed from the home collection9. Classic Flooring Designs4220 Hammond DrWinter Haven, FL 33881(863) 294-9805Flooring ContractorsFloor MaterialsWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your home collection!Error when adding to home collectionThis business was removed from the home collection10. Bob's Quality Flooring4212 Hammond DrWinter Haven, FL 33881(863) 585-8380Flooring ContractorsCarpet & Rug RepairWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your home collection!Error when adding to home collectionThis business was removed from the home collection11. Anthony's Floor Contractors749 Oak Shadows RdKissimmee, FL 34747(407) 729-3770Flooring ContractorsWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your home collection!Error when adding to home collectionThis business was removed from the home collection12. Burns Flooring and Kitchen Design(1)6254 Cypress Gardens BlvdWinter Haven, FL 33884(863) 324-0300Flooring ContractorsWebsiteLOVE our new kitchen. Cabinets, granite, tile floors and back splash all came together just like Carla said they would!! Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your home collection!Error when adding to home collectionThis business was removed from the home collection13. Xclusive Floors & More(1)3334 S Orange Blossom TrlKissimmee, FL 34746(407) 910-4737Kitchen Planning & Remodeling ServiceMe and my husband went to Exclusive Floors in Kissimmee, we found the perfect floor for our living room and set an appointment for Free Estimate at …Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your home collection!Error when adding to home collectionThis business was removed from the home collection14. Clark Floor Covering LLCBBB Rating: A+128 W Central AveWinter Haven, FL 33880(863) 294-4211Floor MaterialsAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your home collection!Error when adding to home collectionThis business was removed from the home collection15. The Floor Depot Florida Inc7110 Cypress Gardens BlvdWinter Haven, FL 33884(863) 324-1234Flooring ContractorsAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your home collection!Error when adding to home collectionThis business was removed from the home collection16. Classic Flooring Designs904 Magnolia Ave Ste AAuburndale, FL 33823(863) 875-5621Floor MaterialsWebsiteFrom Business: At Classic Flooring Designs LLC we specialize in all types of flooring such as hardwood flooring, laminate flooring, tile flooring, carpet flooring, and luxury vi…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your home collection!Error when adding to home collectionThis business was removed from the home collection17. Tim Reeves FlooringBBB Rating: A+338 Recker HwyAuburndale, FL 33823(863) 967-1300Floor MaterialsCarpet & Rug DealersAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your home collection!Error when adding to home collectionThis business was removed from the home collection18. Tucker Carpets Flooring America1505 6th St SEWinter Haven, FL 33880(863) 293-6641Flooring ContractorsFloor MaterialsWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your home collection!Error when adding to home collectionThis business was removed from the home collection19. D C Flooring & Gc8644 Wellington LoopKissimmee, FL 34747(815) 388-2215Flooring ContractorsAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your home collection!Error when adding to home collectionThis business was removed from the home collection20. Right Way Floor Covering330 Avenue B SWWinter Haven, FL 33880(863) 299-7888Flooring ContractorsCarpet InstallationAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your home collection!Error when adding to home collectionThis business was removed from the home collection21. Mc Swain's Flooring & Design105 6th St SWWinter Haven, FL 33880(863) 875-4840Flooring ContractorsFloor MaterialsWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your home collection!Error when adding to home collectionThis business was removed from the home collection22. Xclusive Floors Distributors1006 American WayKissimmee, FL 34741(407) 483-7977Floor MaterialsFlooring ContractorsWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your home collection!Error when adding to home collectionThis business was removed from the home collection23. Betos Flooring Inc1112 Pineapple WayKissimmee, FL 34741(407) 235-0740Flooring ContractorsAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your home collection!Error when adding to home collectionThis business was removed from the home collection24. Ultra Clean FloorsBBB Rating: A+115 Country Creek LnKissimmee, FL 34746(407) 301-5800Flooring ContractorsAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your home collection!Error when adding to home collectionThis business was removed from the home collection25. Floor Store1107 3rd St SWWinter Haven, FL 33880(863) 291-4496Flooring ContractorsAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your home collection!Error when adding to home collectionThis business was removed from the home collection26. AD Flooring and Remodeling5127 Biscayne RdKissimmee, FL 34746(407) 715-1566Flooring ContractorsAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your home collection!Error when adding to home collectionThis business was removed from the home collection27. Warehouse Flooring801 Magnolia AveAuburndale, FL 33823(863) 965-7777Floor MaterialsFlooring ContractorsWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your home collection!Error when adding to home collectionThis business was removed from the home collection28. The Cabinet & Flooring Store950 W Derby AveAuburndale, FL 33823(863) 967-4129Flooring ContractorsWebsiteServicesAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your home collection!Error when adding to home collectionThis business was removed from the home collection29. Extreme Flooring Installation4010 Silver Spur LoopLake Wales, FL 33898(863) 289-5813Flooring ContractorsCarpet InstallationWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your home collection!Error when adding to home collectionThis business was removed from the home collection30. Warehouse Flooring(1)BBB Rating: A+1087 Us Highway 92 WAuburndale, FL 33823(863) 965-7777Floor MaterialsWebsiteThe sales person was very friendly & knowlegable. The products to choose from were top of the line. The price was perfect! ALOT of product to ch…Sponsored LinksShowing1-30
of 451results12345NextMap ViewSponsoredSunshine Interiors(1)2810 Drane Field Rd, Lakeland, FL 33811(863) 225-1412WebsiteDirectionsMore InfoModern Floorz & Shutters2727 N John Young Pkwy Ste A, Kissimmee, FL 34741(407) 624-4469WebsiteDirectionsMore InfoBarry Neal Carpets Inc(1)1063 Miller Dr, Altamonte Springs, FL 32701(407) 848-3034WebsiteDirectionsMore InfoE. T.  Moore Manufacturing Inc.Serving the Davenport area.(888) 419-1540The Largest Supplier of Reclaimed Wood,WebsiteLearn MoreVirtual TourMore InfoE. T.  Moore Manufacturing Inc.Serving the Davenport area.(888) 419-1540The Largest Supplier of Reclaimed Wood,WebsiteLearn MoreVirtual TourMore InfoGreenpointe Wood Flooring Supplies & Tool RepairServing the Davenport area.(888) 273-4318Wood Floor Equipment & Supplies Rental & Sales-All Types Of Tool RepairWebsiteMore InfoDidn't find what you were looking for?magnifying glass 
We just redesigned yp.com! Do you like it?×            LikeNot a Fan×            Thank You!Feedback
• Davenport Terry •                      USA   Davenport Terry  LoginRegisterLogin with Facebook        D Davenport Terry    Not evaluated yet  Evaluate     About Us     DAVENPORT TERRY  |  Add to My list Added        Companies  Products      Search companies…  







  Edit Davenport Terry      Handwriting AnalysisFraud InvestigationForensic Document ExaminerDocument ExaminerDocument ExaminationDavenport Terry       







  Top Businesses         Chicago Criminal Defense & Personal Injury Attorney Sal Sheikh       Dolman Law Group - New Port Richey       Expressway Courier and Freight LLC       Pittsburgh SEO Magician       Worth Palos Dentistry   







   Evaluations of Davenport Terry:        To evaluate this company please Login or Register    Statistics:5times viewed5times listed   Keywords: Handwriting Analysis, Fraud Investigation, Forensic Document Examiner, Document Examiner, Document Examination, Davenport Terry Davenport Terry   







id0310003950776 Related Content for: Davenport Terry    Terry Davenport in Tennessee (TN) | WhitePages There are 16 people in Tennessee (TN) named Terry Davenport. Get contact info including address and phone. Find and connect with Terry Davenport at WhitePages.      Terry's Vacation Villas Inc. Business Review in Davenport, FL ... BBB's Business Review for Terry's Vacation Villas Inc., Business Reviews and Ratings for Terry's Vacation Villas Inc. in Davenport, FL.      Terry Davenport C.D.E. Document examination by court quailified examiner, certified by National Association of Document Examiners and American College of Forensic Examiners, providing ...      The DAVENPORT Directory - Descendants of Davis Davenport A directory of others researching the DAVENPORT surname, anywhere, anytime.      Vern Davenport | LinkedIn Vern Davenport Location Raleigh-Durham, North Carolina Area Industry Hospital & Health Care Join LinkedIn and access Vern Davenport’s full profile. As a LinkedIn ...      Davenport, Florida (FL 33836, 33837) profile: population, maps ... Davenport, Florida detailed profile ... View more photos (we have 15 pictures of Davenport, FL available) Submit your own pictures of this city and show them to the ...      Davenport Radio Amateur Club Homepage - ARC Internet Support … DRAC is the home of the Davenport Radio Amateur Club, an organization of Amateur Radio operators.      Davenport Family Genealogy Forum (All Messages) - GenForum - … Return to Main Page | Page Listings. List of 1768 Tithes in Cumberland Co, VA - Rena Jo Arnold 9/16/12. Travis Davenport - William Davenport 7/13/12. Roxenia/Roxanna ...      Wise Guys Pizza - Davenport, IA - Community | Facebook Branstad expects 'an army of lawyers' in Iowa after electionDES MOINES — Gov. Terry Branstad predicted “an army of lawyers” on campaign payrolls will be in Iowa ...      Terry Huntingdon - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia Terry Lynn Huntingdon (born on May 8, 1940) is Miss USA 1959. After winning the Miss California USA crown, Huntingdon went on to become California's first ...      Page Link:: Davenport, IA iowa illinois office solutions: 5117-a tremont (309)-692-5441 : 1 800 got junk: 2952 brady st (563)-323-7795; 1 stop: 1707 w river dr (563)-323-9220; 1 stop      DAVENPORT - Census Data Research Online :: Browse By Last … BROWSING LAST NAME = 'DAVENPORT' Select a First Name to Search. AARON DAVENPORT Matches: 91, 0.001318%: ABBEY DAVENPORT Matches: 2, 0.000023%      Obituaries Johnny Wayne Harley, age 64 of Mableton died Tuesday November, 6, 2012. Direct Cremation was handled by Bellamy Funeral Homes Powder Springs.      The Danberry Co. Realtors Offers real estate in northwest Ohio and southeast Michigan.      Iowa Department of Corrections Includes a directory of facilities, statistics, newsletters, and an organization chart. Located in Des Moines.      Terry Gibson - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia Terence Bradley "Terry" Gibson (born 23 December 1962 in Walthamstow) is an English former footballer who played as a forward for several clubs, including Tottenham ...      Kama Sutra 2010 | Home Official web site of Kama Sutra The MusicalÆ & Kama Sutra The QuickieÆ. Purchase tickets online, learn about the show, and more.      Terry Labonte RV - NC RV Dealer North Carolina RV Greensboro, … We would like to thank you for visiting our website and considering Terry Labonte RV for the purchase of your RV. It is our goal to provide you with an excellent ...      Davenport, IA Jayco Eagle RV Classifieds | 2013 Jayco Eagle … Find 71 Photos of this New 2013 Jayco Eagle 314BDS Travel Trailer RV in Davenport, Iowa available from Thompson Family RV LLC at www.rvdealersiniowa.com RV …      Stolen Prey (Lucas Davenport, #22) by John Sandford - Reviews ... Stolen Prey has 2,923 ratings and 504 reviews. Susan said: Is it just me, or has Lucas Davenport lost a little something off his fastball? In Stolen Prey...      Davenport Vacation Rental | Vacation Rentals in Davenport Florida Davenport Vacation Rental Condos and Homes ... A And E Properties LLC Accommodation type: Resort Dwelling Number of rooms: 1      Good Morning Flint! A "Potpourri" of news , opinion, law, things to do,and thing to buy concerning Flint MI. or that just interest Terry Bankert. BANKRUPTCY INFORMATION AT: http ...      Heartland Motorsports Latest News and Results From The Tri-State Area of Missouri, Illinois and Iowa and More. All Stories, News, Results & Photos are Welcome! Email them to:     Davenport Terry     About TuugoToSPrivacy PolicyFAQMobileTranslate TuugoSite MapBlog0.0846550464630133Copyright 2009 - 2017 Tuugo  


    