






Davis R M Inc. Decreases Stake in Bristol-Myers Squibb Company (NYSE:BMY) | Daily Political










































































Home
About/Contact
Columnists
Privacy Policy
























Headlines
Politics
Nation
World
Issues
Economy
Finance




















Bristol-Myers Squibb Company - Get News & Ratings Daily

		Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bristol-Myers Squibb Company with our FREE daily email newsletter:



 






Follow DailyPolitical

 
 










Latest News



United Technologies Corporation (NYSE:UTX) Shares Sold by Terra Nova Asset Management LLC					

United Technologies Corporation (NYSE:UTX) Shares Sold by Cobblestone Capital Advisors LLC NY					

Yacktman Asset Management LP Decreases Position in Oracle Corporation (NYSE:ORCL)					

Davis R M Inc. Decreases Stake in Bristol-Myers Squibb Company (NYSE:BMY)					

Oracle Corporation (NYSE:ORCL) Position Raised by Henderson Group PLC					

NTV Asset Management LLC Takes Position in 3M Company (NYSE:MMM)					

State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Sells 14,109 Shares of Visa Inc. (NYSE:V)					

Altria Group (NYSE:MO) Stake Reduced by DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale					

FUKOKU MUTUAL LIFE INSURANCE Co Lowers Position in Altria Group (NYSE:MO)					

Schlumberger N.V. (NYSE:SLB) Shares Bought by Compass Capital Management Inc.					

International Business Machines Corporation (NYSE:IBM) Position Increased by DT Investment Partners LLC					

Philip Morris International Inc (NYSE:PM) Stake Raised by Brick & Kyle Associates					

Wedbush Analysts Raise Earnings Estimates for Floor & Decor Holdings, Inc. (FND)					

Wells Fargo & Company (WFC) Stake Maintained by Well Done LLC					

Weatherly Asset Management L. P. Sells 96,485 Shares of Wells Fargo & Company (NYSE:WFC)					

Atwood & Palmer Inc. Has $382,000 Stake in Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN)					

Wright Investors Service Inc. Acquires 208 Shares of Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN)					

AbbVie Inc. (NYSE:ABBV) Position Increased by First Houston Capital Inc.					

Wells Fargo & Company MN Sells 9,030 Shares of PC-Tel, Inc. (NASDAQ:PCTI)					

Grupo Aeroportuario del Sureste, S.A. de C.V. (NYSE:ASR) Stake Decreased by Wells Fargo & Company MN					





 





						Davis R M Inc. Decreases Stake in Bristol-Myers Squibb Company (NYSE:BMY)					

						 July 21st, 2017  - 0 comments - Filed Under -
 by Patrick Bannon 


							Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles 







Tweet










Davis R M Inc. reduced its stake in  Bristol-Myers Squibb Company (NYSE:BMY) by 5.9% during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The institutional investor  owned 27,678 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock after selling 1,729 shares during the period. Davis R M Inc.’s holdings in Bristol-Myers Squibb were worth $1,505,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. 
Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently made changes to their positions in the company. American National Bank raised its position in  Bristol-Myers Squibb by 36.0% in the first quarter. American National Bank now owns 1,919 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock worth $104,000 after buying an additional 508 shares during the period.  Welch Investments LLC raised its position in  Bristol-Myers Squibb by 3.9% in the first quarter. Welch Investments LLC now owns 2,109 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock worth $115,000 after buying an additional 79 shares during the period.  Crestwood Advisors Group LLC bought a new position in  Bristol-Myers Squibb during the first quarter worth $116,000.  State of Alaska Department of Revenue raised its position in  Bristol-Myers Squibb by 2.8% in the first quarter. State of Alaska Department of Revenue now owns 2,229 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock worth $121,000 after buying an additional 60 shares during the period.  Finally, Prentiss Smith & Co. Inc. raised its position in  Bristol-Myers Squibb by 61.8% in the first quarter. Prentiss Smith & Co. Inc. now owns 2,333 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock worth $127,000 after buying an additional 891 shares during the period. 69.63% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. 
Bristol-Myers Squibb Company (NYSE:BMY) opened at 55.44 on Friday. The stock has a market capitalization of $91.33 billion, a P/E ratio of 19.26 and a beta of 1.17. Bristol-Myers Squibb Company has a 1-year low of $46.01 and a 1-year high of $76.80. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $55.02 and a 200-day moving average price of $54.70.  Bristol-Myers Squibb also saw some unusual options trading activity on Thursday. Traders bought  781 put options on the stock. This is an increase of 117% compared to the typical daily volume of 360 put options.




Bristol-Myers Squibb (NYSE:BMY) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, April 27th. The biopharmaceutical company reported $0.84 EPS for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.72 by $0.12. Bristol-Myers Squibb had a net margin of 24.22% and a return on equity of 31.86%. The company had revenue of $4.93 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $4.75 billion. During the same period in the prior year, the company earned $0.74 earnings per share. The firm’s revenue was up 12.3% on a year-over-year basis.  Equities research analysts expect that  Bristol-Myers Squibb Company will post $2.95 EPS for the current year. 
The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, August 1st. Shareholders of record on Friday, July 7th will be issued a $0.39 dividend. This represents a $1.56 annualized dividend and a yield of 2.81%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, July 5th. Bristol-Myers Squibb’s payout ratio is 54.17%. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Davis R M Inc. Decreases Stake in Bristol-Myers Squibb Company (NYSE:BMY)” was originally  posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international trademark & copyright laws. The correct version of this report can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/07/21/davis-r-m-inc-decreases-stake-in-bristol-myers-squibb-company-nysebmy.html. 
A number of research analysts recently weighed in on the company. Cowen and Company  set a $65.00 price objective on Bristol-Myers Squibb and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research report on Monday, July 10th. William Blair  reaffirmed an “outperform” rating on shares of Bristol-Myers Squibb in a research report on Monday, June 26th. BidaskClub raised Bristol-Myers Squibb from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a research report on Tuesday, June 27th. Jefferies Group LLC  reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $63.00 price objective on shares of Bristol-Myers Squibb in a research report on Wednesday, July 12th. Finally, Vetr raised Bristol-Myers Squibb from a “buy” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $62.23 price objective for the company in a research report on Wednesday, July 12th. One research analyst  has rated the stock with a sell rating, twelve have issued  a hold rating, eleven have issued  a buy rating and one  has assigned  a strong buy rating to the stock. The stock  has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $63.26.
Bristol-Myers Squibb Company Profile
Bristol-Myers Squibb Company is engaged in the discovery, development, licensing, manufacturing, marketing, distribution and sale of biopharmaceutical products. The Company’s pharmaceutical products include chemically synthesized drugs, or small molecules, and products produced from biological processes called biologics.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BMY? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Bristol-Myers Squibb Company (NYSE:BMY).






Receive News & Ratings for Bristol-Myers Squibb Company Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bristol-Myers Squibb Company and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 
















 Comment on this Post

Click here to cancel reply.



Name (required)

Mail (will not be published) (required)

Website






Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be placed in moderation!




Latest News




Jeff Sessions Spoke of Resigning After Tensions Increase with Trump





President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week





World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump





Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected





Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea














			© DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. 


Privacy Policy |
			About | Columnists 
			| Contact 
























































﻿




























Altria Group (MO) Position Boosted by Davis R M Inc. - Week Herald














































 















 



  
 
  





















Daily Ratings and News for Altria Group
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Altria Group with our free daily email newsletter:



 






Follow @WeekHerald









Recent Posts

Voya Financial, Inc. (NYSE:VOYA) Shares Sold by Russell Investments Group Ltd.
Xcel Energy Inc. (XEL) Position Boosted by Russell Investments Group Ltd.
Canadian Natural Resources Limited (NYSE:CNQ) Stake Cut by Russell Investments Group Ltd.
First Midwest Bank Trust Division Has $1.21 Million Position in C.R. Bard, Inc. (NYSE:BCR)
Southwest Airlines Company (NYSE:LUV) Shares Sold by Regentatlantic Capital LLC
Regentatlantic Capital LLC Raises Position in HP Inc. (HPQ)
Q3 2017 EPS Estimates for Celanese Corporation (NYSE:CE) Cut by Analyst
Kindred Biosciences (NASDAQ:KIN) Earning Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Analysis Finds
Pacira Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:PCRX) Given a $56.00 Price Target by Canaccord Genuity Analysts
5,100 Shares in Ralph Lauren Corporation (NYSE:RL) Acquired by Oakbrook Investments LLC
Neos Therapeutics (NEOS) Getting Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, Analysis Finds
Duff & Phelps Utility & Corp.orate Bond Trust (NYSE:DUC) Earning Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Study Finds
Reviewing EMC (EMC) and Electronics for Imaging (EFII)
BB&T Corp Purchases 863 Shares of Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc. (ZBH)
Brokerages Anticipate New York & Company, Inc. (NWY) to Post $0.03 Earnings Per Share
Comparing USANA Health Sciences (USNA) & Colgate-Palmolive (CL)
Contrasting Flamel Technologies (AVDL) & Acura Pharmaceuticals (ACUR)
US Bancorp DE Has $104.87 Million Position in The Priceline Group Inc. (PCLN)
Marine Products Corporation (NYSE:MPX) Issues Quarterly  Earnings Results
Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC) PT Set at $40.00 by Northland Securities



 


Altria Group (MO) Position Boosted by Davis R M Inc.

					Posted by Rex Bailey on Jul 25th, 2017 // No Comments 


Tweet












Davis R M Inc. boosted its position in shares of  Altria Group (NYSE:MO) by 23.4% during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The firm owned 14,861 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 2,821 shares during the period. Davis R M Inc.’s holdings in Altria Group were worth $1,061,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. 
A number of other large investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in MO. Advantage Investment Management LLC bought a new position in shares of  Altria Group during the fourth quarter worth approximately $116,000.  Feltz Wealth PLAN Inc. acquired a new position in  Altria Group during the first quarter valued at about $134,000.  Acropolis Investment Management LLC raised its position in  Altria Group by 0.3% in the first quarter. Acropolis Investment Management LLC now owns 1,939 shares of the company’s stock valued at $138,000 after buying an additional 5 shares during the period.  Zions Bancorporation raised its position in  Altria Group by 4.3% in the fourth quarter. Zions Bancorporation now owns 2,428 shares of the company’s stock valued at $164,000 after buying an additional 99 shares during the period.  Finally, Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management LLC raised its position in  Altria Group by 102.5% in the first quarter. Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management LLC now owns 2,669 shares of the company’s stock valued at $191,000 after buying an additional 1,351 shares during the period. Institutional investors own  61.99% of the company’s stock. 


 Get Altria Group alerts:



Altria Group (NYSE MO) opened at 72.64 on Tuesday. Altria Group has a 52 week low of $60.82 and a 52 week high of $77.79. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $74.97 and a 200-day moving average of $72.98. The company has a market capitalization of $140.85 billion, a PE ratio of 9.83 and a beta of 0.64. 




Altria Group (NYSE:MO) last posted its earnings results on Tuesday, May 2nd. The company reported $0.73 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.74 by $0.01. Altria Group had a return on equity of 76.43% and a net margin of 55.99%. The business had revenue of $4.59 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $4.63 billion. During the same period in the previous year, the firm earned $0.72 earnings per share. The company’s revenue was up 1.3% compared to the same quarter last year.  Equities analysts expect that  Altria Group will post $3.28 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. 
The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Monday, July 10th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, June 15th were paid a $0.61 dividend. This represents a $2.44 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 3.36%. The ex-dividend date  was Tuesday, June 13th. Altria Group’s dividend payout ratio  is currently 33.02%. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This piece was originally  posted by Week Herald and is the sole property of of Week Herald. If you are reading this piece on another site, it was stolen and republished in violation of international trademark and copyright law. The original version of this piece can be viewed at https://weekherald.com/2017/07/25/altria-group-mo-position-boosted-by-davis-r-m-inc.html. 
Several research analysts recently issued reports on the stock. BidaskClub lowered shares of Altria Group from a “sell” rating to a “strong sell” rating in a research report on Monday. Jefferies Group LLC  reissued a “hold” rating and issued a $70.00 price target (down previously from $71.00) on shares of Altria Group in a research report on Monday, July 17th. Cowen and Company  reissued a “hold” rating and issued a $74.00 price target on shares of Altria Group in a research report on Tuesday, July 11th. Vetr lowered shares of Altria Group from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $80.38 price target for the company. in a research report on Monday, June 19th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Altria Group from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Tuesday, July 11th. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have issued  a hold rating and six have given a buy rating to the company. The company  has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $72.34.
In other news, Director George Munoz sold 5,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, May 23rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $72.35, for a total value of $361,750.00. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available through this link. Also, Director Dinyar S. Devitre sold 4,285 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Monday, May 8th. The shares were sold at an average price of $70.72, for a total transaction of $303,035.20. Following the completion of the sale, the director now directly owns 112,457 shares in the company, valued at $7,952,959.04. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Corporate insiders own  0.15% of the company’s stock. 
About Altria Group
Altria Group, Inc is a holding company. The Company’s segments include smokeable products, smokeless products and wine. The Company’s subsidiaries include Philip Morris USA Inc (PM USA), which is engaged in the manufacture and sale of cigarettes in the United States; John Middleton Co (Middleton), which is engaged in the manufacture and sale of machine-made cigars and pipe tobacco, and UST LLC (UST), which, through its subsidiaries, including U.S.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding MO? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Altria Group (NYSE:MO).







Receive News & Ratings for Altria Group Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Altria Group and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 



 























Latest News




Voya Financial, Inc.  Shares Sold by Russell Investments Group Ltd.





Canadian Natural Resources Limited  Stake Cut by Russell Investments Group Ltd.





Xcel Energy Inc.  Position Boosted by Russell Investments Group Ltd.





First Midwest Bank Trust Division Has $1.21 Million Position in C.R. Bard, Inc. 





Kindred Biosciences  Earning Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Analysis Finds





Q3 2017 EPS Estimates for Celanese Corporation  Cut by Analyst






Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website








 


 

 
































﻿




























Davis R M Inc. Has $1.53 Million Position in Philip Morris International Inc (NYSE:PM) - Week Herald














































 















 



  
 
  





















Daily Ratings and News for Philip Morris International Inc
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Philip Morris International Inc with our free daily email newsletter:



 






Follow @WeekHerald









Recent Posts

Abbott Laboratories (ABT) Shares Sold by Pineno Levin & Ford Asset Management Inc.
Dumont & Blake Investment Advisors LLC Has $831,000 Position in United Technologies Corporation (UTX)
UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Acquires New Position in Q2 Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:QTWO)
UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Increases Position in NovaGold Resources Inc. (NG)
Simon Kesterton Sells 40,648 Shares of RPC Group PLC (RPC) Stock
Bank of New York Mellon Corp Sells 95,201 Shares of Suburban Propane Partners, L.P. (NYSE:SPH)
Brookfield Infrastructure Partners LP (BIP) Position Decreased by Bank of New York Mellon Corp
Bank of New York Mellon Corp Increases Stake in Global Water Resources, Inc. (GWRS)
Drive Shack Inc. (NYSE:DS) Position Raised by Bank of New York Mellon Corp
Davis R M Inc. Has $1.53 Million Position in Philip Morris International Inc (NYSE:PM)
TIAA CREF Trust Co. FSB MO Has $18.15 Million Stake in Visa Inc. (V)
Carl Domino Inc Decreases Stake in Schlumberger N.V. (NYSE:SLB)
International Business Machines Corporation (IBM) Shares Sold by State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System
Caterpillar, Inc. (NYSE:CAT) Hits New 1-Year High on Better-Than-Expected Earnings
Flagstar Bancorp, Inc. (NYSE:FBC) Trading 6.4% Higher  Following Earnings Beat
Reata Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (RETA) Trading 3.2% Higher  After Analyst Upgrade
Match Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:MTCH) Short Interest Up 14.0% in July
Short Interest in Zions Bancorporation (ZION) Rises By 7.2%
NASDAQ Other Finance (OTHER) Given Buy Rating at Needham & Company LLC
Regal Entertainment Group (RGC) Rating Reiterated by Royal Bank Of Canada



 


Davis R M Inc. Has $1.53 Million Position in Philip Morris International Inc (NYSE:PM)

					Posted by Samantha Guadardo on Jul 27th, 2017 // No Comments 


Tweet












Davis R M Inc. boosted its stake in shares of  Philip Morris International Inc (NYSE:PM) by 50.5% during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund owned 13,519 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 4,538 shares during the period. Davis R M Inc.’s holdings in Philip Morris International were worth $1,526,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. 
Other hedge funds have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Quest Investment Management Inc. OR raised its stake in  Philip Morris International by 7.6% in the fourth quarter. Quest Investment Management Inc. OR now owns 54,711 shares of the company’s stock valued at $5,006,000 after buying an additional 3,844 shares during the last quarter.  Cheviot Value Management LLC purchased a new stake in  Philip Morris International during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $244,000.  Janus Capital Management LLC raised its stake in  Philip Morris International by 31.8% in the fourth quarter. Janus Capital Management LLC now owns 2,066,809 shares of the company’s stock valued at $189,092,000 after buying an additional 498,361 shares during the last quarter.  Bienville Capital Management LLC raised its stake in  Philip Morris International by 5.9% in the fourth quarter. Bienville Capital Management LLC now owns 4,692 shares of the company’s stock valued at $434,000 after buying an additional 260 shares during the last quarter.  Finally, Freestone Capital Holdings LLC raised its stake in  Philip Morris International by 19.9% in the fourth quarter. Freestone Capital Holdings LLC now owns 28,787 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2,634,000 after buying an additional 4,783 shares during the last quarter. 72.33% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. 


 Get Philip Morris International Inc alerts:



Shares of Philip Morris International Inc (NYSE:PM) opened at 117.65 on Thursday. Philip Morris International Inc has a 12-month low of $86.78 and a 12-month high of $123.55. The firm has a market cap of $182.71 billion, a P/E ratio of 26.07 and a beta of 0.94. The company has a 50-day moving average of $119.53 and a 200 day moving average of $110.96. 




Philip Morris International (NYSE:PM) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, July 20th. The company reported $1.14 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $1.23 by $0.09. The company had revenue of $6.92 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $7.11 billion. Philip Morris International had a negative return on equity of 66.18% and a net margin of 9.36%. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up 4.0% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the prior year, the business earned $1.15 EPS.  Equities research analysts anticipate that  Philip Morris International Inc will post $4.84 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. 
The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Tuesday, July 11th. Shareholders of record on Friday, June 23rd were paid a dividend of $1.04 per share. This represents a $4.16 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 3.54%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend  was Wednesday, June 21st. Philip Morris International’s dividend payout ratio  is currently 92.24%. 
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Davis R M Inc. Has $1.53 Million Position in Philip Morris International Inc (NYSE:PM)” was  published by Week Herald and is the sole property of of Week Herald. If you are viewing this piece of content on another site, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright and trademark law. The legal version of this piece of content can be viewed at https://weekherald.com/2017/07/27/davis-r-m-inc-has-1-53-million-position-in-philip-morris-international-inc-nysepm.html. 
Several analysts have recently commented on PM shares. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Philip Morris International from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $126.00 price target on the stock in a research report on Wednesday, March 29th. Barclays PLC lifted their price target on shares of Philip Morris International from $108.00 to $135.00 and gave the company an “overweight” rating in a research report on Wednesday, March 29th. Vetr raised shares of Philip Morris International from a “strong sell” rating to a “sell” rating and set a $103.84 price target on the stock in a research report on Wednesday, March 29th. Jefferies Group LLC  set a $111.00 price target on shares of Philip Morris International and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research report on Wednesday, April 19th. Finally, Cowen and Company  reaffirmed an “outperform” rating and set a $120.00 price target on shares of Philip Morris International in a research report on Wednesday, April 19th. Five analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and ten have assigned  a buy rating to the stock. The company  has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $122.00.
Philip Morris International Company Profile
Philip Morris International Inc is a holding company. The Company is engaged in the manufacture and sale of cigarettes, other tobacco products and other nicotine-containing products in markets outside of the United States. Its segments include European Union (EU); Eastern Europe, Middle East & Africa (EEMA); Asia, and Latin America & Canada.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding PM? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Philip Morris International Inc (NYSE:PM).







Receive News & Ratings for Philip Morris International Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Philip Morris International Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 



 























Latest News




Abbott Laboratories  Shares Sold by Pineno Levin & Ford Asset Management Inc.





UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Increases Position in NovaGold Resources Inc. 





UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Acquires New Position in Q2 Holdings, Inc. 





Dumont & Blake Investment Advisors LLC Has $831,000 Position in United Technologies Corporation 





Simon Kesterton Sells 40,648 Shares of RPC Group PLC  Stock





Bank of New York Mellon Corp Sells 95,201 Shares of Suburban Propane Partners, L.P. 






Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website








 


 

 



































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
































Chaffey Breeze
















 
















 



  
 
 







Facebook Stock Reaches New High on Sales of Mobile Ads
Jul 27th, 2017
				Facebook’s mobile advertising segment expanded by over 50% during the second quarter, said officials from the company in their earnings report on Wednesday, as the giant social network...   






Caterpillar Plows Through Wall Street Expectations

							Jul 26th, 2017						 

							Caterpillar Inc. posted results that swept past expectations and increased its...   
 





Workers at Tech Company Agree to Implant Microchips into Hands

							Jul 25th, 2017						 

							In Wisconsin, some workers at one company will soon have microchips implanted...   
 





Joon is the New Airline by Air France for Millennials

							Jul 24th, 2017						 

							Late in 2017, Air France-KLM announced that it would be launching a new standalone...   
 





Feds Order Wells Fargo to Rehire Whistleblower

							Jul 23rd, 2017						 

							A U.S. federal agency ordered San Francisco-based Wells Fargo to re-hire the...   
 
 
 



Economy
China and U.S. Fail to Come to Agreement on Trade

					Jul 20th, 2017				





					China and the United States on Wednesday could not reach an agreement on major steps to lower the trade deficit in the U.S. with China, which has cast doubt over the security and economic relations...  
More »

Canadian Dollar Strengthens as Prices of Oil and Exports Rise
India Launches Ambitious Tax Reform
New Jobs Almost 50,000 Less than Expected
Debt in U.S. Households Returns
Retail Sales in U.S. Rise; Rebound in Consumer Prices
Jobs Market Rebounds, Adds Over 211,000 New Jobs
Governor Brown Signs Measure to Increase Gas Tax
Growth During First Quarter in U.S. Weakest in 36 Months




Health
Soda Tax in Cook Country Blocked by Judge

					Jul 1st, 2017				





					On Friday, a judge blocked the one cent per ounce tax in Cook County, Illinois on soda and other sweetened beverages until at least July 12. The tax would have gone into effect on July 1.
The...  
More »

Brazilian Beef Banned by U.S. Due to Concerns Over Safety
Overdose Treatment Has Increased in Price 680% in Three Years
Johnson & Johnson Expects Higher Results in Full Year 2017
Largest Bank in Ukraine Rescued by the State
Health Spending in U.S. Increased Nearly 6%
Athol Farm Meat Recalled by USDA
Aetna Pulling Out of Majority of Obamacare Exchanges
Italy Ready to Pass Legislation Pushing Vendors Not to Throw out Food




Business
Facebook Stock Reaches New High on Sales of Mobile Ads

					Jul 27th, 2017				





					Facebook’s mobile advertising segment expanded by over 50% during the second quarter, said officials from the company in their earnings report on Wednesday, as the giant social network established...  
More »

Caterpillar Plows Through Wall Street Expectations
Workers at Tech Company Agree to Implant Microchips into Hands
Joon is the New Airline by Air France for Millennials
Feds Order Wells Fargo to Rehire Whistleblower
China Open Rice Market to Exports from U.S.
Frontier Airlines Doubling Its Size
Benefits of Trading with FxPro MetaTrader 4 (FxPro MT4)
Earnings for UnitedHealth Increase 30%, Forecast Increased






Technology
China Tightens Controls for Online Videos

					Jun 23rd, 2017				





					Three popular internet services in China have been ordered by officials to stop streaming video following complaints by censors that it contained comments that were improper related to sensitive...  
More »

Personal Data of 200 Million Voters Has Been Leaked
Tech’s Biggest Names to Meet at the White House
Apple Makes $1 Billion Investment in Tech Fund
High Tech Ready to Help Fight Against Lost Luggage
PC Market Drops, But Not As Much As Expected
Report: Google to Release Smartphone in 2016
Facebook Threatening to Delete Its Synced Photos If Photo App Not Downloaded
“Hitler” References Among Most Popular in Reddit Comments




Education
Nebraska Department of Education Grant Seeks to Improve Opportunities for Students After High School

					Feb 10th, 2016				





					If we distill the education system down to a single fundamental principle, most would probably argue that our schools are supposed to teach and prepare children for a productive adulthood.
Schools...  
More »

US Education System: Technology and Diversity
Should America Stop Standardized Testing?
Does America Need Technology Education Standards?
Can We Ever Achieve Education Equality?
America Needs Special Education Teachers




 
 
























Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

Crh Plc (LON:CRH) Receives GBX 3,032.71 Average Price Target from Brokerages
Endeavour Silver Corporation (NYSE:EXK) vs. First Majestic Silver Corp. (AG) Critical Analysis
Key Energy Services (NYSE:KEG) Getting Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, Study Finds
Aegion Corp’s (NASDAQ:AEGN) Hold Rating Reaffirmed at Stifel Nicolaus
HC Wainwright Reiterates $13.00 Price Target for Inovio Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:INO)
Favorable Media Coverage Likely to Affect Hibbett Sports (NASDAQ:HIBB) Share Price
Head to Head Analysis: Ulta Beauty (NASDAQ:ULTA) & e.l.f. Beauty (ELF)
Informa Plc (LON:INF) Receives GBX 768.53 Average Price Target from Analysts
Total System Services, Inc. (NYSE:TSS) Receives Consensus Rating of “Buy” from Brokerages
Allscripts Healthcare Solutions (NASDAQ:MDRX) Getting Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Report Shows
Reviewing Corning (GLW) & Planar Systems (NASDAQ:PLNR)
NN, Inc. (NNBR) Downgraded to “Sell” at Zacks Investment Research
Intertek Group plc (ITRK) Price Target Increased to GBX 3,850 by Analysts at Morgan Stanley
Vetr Inc. Lowers Antares Pharma, Inc. (ATRS) to Hold
Lloyds Banking Group PLC (LLOY) PT Raised to GBX 87
Huntington Bancshares Incorporated (HBAN) Given Buy Rating at Instinet
BidaskClub Lowers CubeSmart (CUBE) to Strong Sell
Deutsche Lufthansa AG (ETR:LHA) Given a €23.00 Price Target by S&P Global Analysts
NEX Group PLC (NXG) Receives “Hold” Rating from Liberum Capital
Evolving Systems (EVOL) Earning Positive News Coverage, Report Shows



 
 










































Investments











Menu

   


 Careers Our People General Inquiries

X  Success!
Thank you for contacting us. We will be in touch with you as soon as possible.                 Type the characters below into the space provided and click SUBMIT  





 Our Firm Our Firm Our Founder Our People Find A Person Our Community Charitable Giving News Investments Investments Investment Principles Portfolio Management Philosophy Financial Counsel Financial Counsel Wealth Management Comprehensive Financial Planning Trust Services Personal Affairs Management Client Experience Client Experience Our Service Principles Working With You Your Team Contact Us Contact Us Refer A Client





Home>>Investments


Investments

Karen L. Milliken, Portfolio Manager; John D. Doughty, Director of Research; Dana R. Mitiguy, Portfolio Manager; Michael J. Hanlon, Portfolio ManagerWe invest in you, our client, and your life to ensure your future. We leave no investment stone unturned, exploring and researching opportunities that match your needs and employing successful strategies to help your financial legacy continue and foster the freedom to enjoy life.



 Investments Investment Principles Portfolio Management Philosophy
 “On one hand, I’m a historian…a detective, analyzing corporations, and on the other hand, a futurist, looking towards the future -- where will a company that is in a client portfolio today be at some point in the future, or where will future trends be, and predicting those trends.”John Doughty 









© 2017 R. M. Davis, Inc.


Site design by McClain Marketing + Interactive


Privacy StatementTerms Of UseDisclosure


















Our Community











Menu

   


 Careers Our People General Inquiries

X  Success!
Thank you for contacting us. We will be in touch with you as soon as possible.                 Type the characters below into the space provided and click SUBMIT  





 Our Firm Our Firm Our Founder Our People Find A Person Our Community Charitable Giving News Investments Investments Investment Principles Portfolio Management Philosophy Financial Counsel Financial Counsel Wealth Management Comprehensive Financial Planning Trust Services Personal Affairs Management Client Experience Client Experience Our Service Principles Working With You Your Team Contact Us Contact Us Refer A Client





Home>>Our Firm>>Our Community


Our Community


R. M. Davis is proud to sponsor the following organizations:

World Affairs Council of Maine
The World Affairs Council of Maine connects our state and the world by engaging and educating people of all ages to become global citizens.

Mainely Character Scholarship
Mainely Character provides scholarship awards to deserving Maine high school students on the basis of character. Fundamentally, we believe that good character, as embodied in the four values espoused by Mainely Character -- courage, integrity, responsibility and concern -- are essential to good citizenship and the promotion of a healthy society through our youth.

The Camden Conference
The Camden Conference is a platform which brings awareness and understanding of important global issues. Its mission is to foster informed discourse on key issues affecting the global community.

Institute for Family-Owned Business
The Institute for Family-Owned Business supports, strengthens, and empowers family-owned businesses throughout the state of Maine. The Institute serves family business owners, executives, and employees through a wide range of continuing education programs, networking opportunities, and consulting services.



 Our Firm Our Founder Our People Our Community Charitable Giving News









© 2017 R. M. Davis, Inc.


Site design by McClain Marketing + Interactive


Privacy StatementTerms Of UseDisclosure


















Our Firm











Menu

   


 Careers Our People General Inquiries

X  Success!
Thank you for contacting us. We will be in touch with you as soon as possible.                 Type the characters below into the space provided and click SUBMIT  





 Our Firm Our Firm Our Founder Our People Find A Person Our Community Charitable Giving News Investments Investments Investment Principles Portfolio Management Philosophy Financial Counsel Financial Counsel Wealth Management Comprehensive Financial Planning Trust Services Personal Affairs Management Client Experience Client Experience Our Service Principles Working With You Your Team Contact Us Contact Us Refer A Client





Home>>Our Firm


Our Firm

Robert M. Davis, Founder and Chief Executive OfficerR. M. Davis offers you full service wealth management which includes investment, financial counsel, trustee services, and personal affairs management.
Founded in 1978, with offices in Portland, Maine and Portsmouth, New Hampshire, we provide independent financial advice and a wide range of problem-solving services to clients throughout New England and across the country.

Our clients include affluent individuals and families, and select organizations whose philosophies and objectives are compatible with our services.

A core value of our firm is our commitment to you, our client. We define excellence by delivering to you timely services with integrity and professionalism.

Simplifying your life as you accumulate, protect, and transition your wealth is achieved by enlisting our comprehensive approach to financial management. In order to solve a problem or develop a plan to meet an objective, we work closely with you and, if possible, your other advisors, such as attorneys and accountants.

Our mission is to become your trusted partner while building a long-term relationship with you.




 Our Firm Our Founder Our People Our Community









© 2017 R. M. Davis, Inc.


Site design by McClain Marketing + Interactive


Privacy StatementTerms Of UseDisclosure


















Press











Menu

   


 Careers Our People General Inquiries

X  Success!
Thank you for contacting us. We will be in touch with you as soon as possible.                 Type the characters below into the space provided and click SUBMIT  





 Our Firm Our Firm Our Founder Our People Find A Person Our Community Charitable Giving News Investments Investments Investment Principles Portfolio Management Philosophy Financial Counsel Financial Counsel Wealth Management Comprehensive Financial Planning Trust Services Personal Affairs Management Client Experience Client Experience Our Service Principles Working With You Your Team Contact Us Contact Us Refer A Client





Home>>Our Firm>>Our Community>>News


R. M. Davis in the news 
BOB DAVIS, CFP® JOINS R. M. DAVIS 


July 2017 – It is with pleasure that we announce that Bob Davis has joined our firm as a Vice President and Portfolio...
July 2017 – It is with pleasure that we announce that Bob Davis has joined our firm as a Vice President and Portfolio Manager.
Based in our Portland, Maine office, Bob comes to us from H.M. Payson where he worked as a Relationship/Portfolio Manager and Financial Planner. Bob’s clients benefit from his diverse background which includes both commercial and private banking at KeyBank, Maine Bank & Trust and Maine National Bank.  Most recently, he has focused on portfolio management and financial planning.  Bob holds the designation of Certified Financial Planner™ and looks forward to sharing his expertise within R. M. Davis’ wealth management services. 
Bob’s community involvement includes board and committee roles at Sweetser, Webhannet Golf Club, and Kennebunk Area Youth Hockey, Inc. 

Read MoreClose 

PIPER SHORES PRESENTATION


May 2017 - John Doughty, Vice President and Director of Research, will give a presentation June 8 at Piper Shores titled:...
May 2017 - John Doughty, Vice President and Director of Research, will give a presentation June 8 at Piper Shores titled:
Global Migration and Refugees: Why People Migrate, the Economics and Security Implications of Immigration and the Current Refugee Crisis, and What Lies Ahead. 

Read MoreClose 

THE CAMDEN CONFERENCE


March 2017 -- R. M. Davis was proud to have once again been the global sponsor of The Camden Conference, held at three venues...
March 2017 -- R. M. Davis was proud to have once again been the global sponsor of The Camden Conference, held at three venues February 17-19 – live at the Camden Opera House and live-streaming to the Strand Theatre in Rockland, the University of Maine Hutchinson Center in Belfast, and University of Southern Maine Talbot Hall in Portland. 
This year’s topic was “Refugees and Global Migration: Humanity’s Crisis.” 
Hundreds of thousands are fleeing violence and persecution in the Middle East and North Africa in search of safety and a better life. This tragic story is happening before our eyes with both heartwarming reports of compassion and horrific ones of inhumanity with which the refugees have been greeted.  The whole world is affected by the social, political, economic, and environmental changes and upheavals that have displaced 60 million people – more than at any other time in history.
Next year’s conference topic will be: “An Unstable World:  Shifting Power, Volatile Politics.”   It will be held February 16-18, 2018. 
http://www.camdenconference.org
2017 marked the 30th Annual Camden Conference.  The conference began in 1987 with a handful of MidCoast Maine residents with insight, enthusiasm and connections to bring the world to Camden.  The three-day annual conference takes no partisan or ideological stance and provides a unique opportunity to learn about and explore major issues in world affairs.  Next year’s topic, immigration, is certainly going to be highly anticipated.  

Read MoreClose 

OCEANVIEW AT FALMOUTH PRESENTATION


March 2017 - John Doughty, Vice President and Director of Research, will give a presentation April 6 at OceanView at Falmouth...
March 2017 - John Doughty, Vice President and Director of Research, will give a presentation April 6 at OceanView at Falmouth titled:
Global Migration and Refugees: Why People Migrate, the Economics and Security Implications of Immigration and the Current Refugee Crisis, and What Lies Ahead.
http://www.oceanviewrc.com/migration/
  

Read MoreClose 

R. M. DAVIS ARTICLE PUBLISHED ON KIPLINGER


February 2017 – Richard Carriuolo, CFP®, Vice President and our Director of Wealth Management Services published an...
February 2017 – Richard Carriuolo, CFP®, Vice President and our Director of Wealth Management Services published an article on the Kiplinger website titled:
Everything You Need to Know about Required Minimum Distributions
In it, Rich outlines important dates during the IRA owner’s lifetime, the protocol to follow after the owner’s death, and considerations of bequeathing and inherited IRAs. Tax penalties for not following the rules are high so understanding what is required of you is critical.   
To read the article, click here. 

Read MoreClose 


 Our Firm Our Founder Our People Our Community Charitable Giving News









© 2017 R. M. Davis, Inc.


Site design by McClain Marketing + Interactive


Privacy StatementTerms Of UseDisclosure



















Charitable Giving











Menu

   


 Careers Our People General Inquiries

X  Success!
Thank you for contacting us. We will be in touch with you as soon as possible.                 Type the characters below into the space provided and click SUBMIT  





 Our Firm Our Firm Our Founder Our People Find A Person Our Community Charitable Giving News Investments Investments Investment Principles Portfolio Management Philosophy Financial Counsel Financial Counsel Wealth Management Comprehensive Financial Planning Trust Services Personal Affairs Management Client Experience Client Experience Our Service Principles Working With You Your Team Contact Us Contact Us Refer A Client





Home>>Our Firm>>Our Community>>Charitable Giving


Charitable GivingA core value at R. M. Davis is a commitment to improving the quality of life in communities where we work and live. Last year, our people actively volunteered and supported over 70 non-profit and charitable organizations. We support organizations with wide ranging missions including: Animal Refuge League The mission of the Animal Refuge League of Greater Portland (ARLGP) is to provide temporary care and shelter for stray… The mission of the Animal Refuge League of Greater Portland (ARLGP) is to provide temporary care and shelter for stray, abandoned and relinquished animals, and to place as many as possible into responsible and caring homes. The ARLGP also works to create awareness and support for the humane treatment of all animals and to end animal overpopulation through education and the promotion of spaying and neutering. Read MoreClose Strawbery Banke Museum Visitors to Strawbery Banke have the opportunity to experience and imagine how people lived and worked in this typical… Visitors to Strawbery Banke have the opportunity to experience and imagine how people lived and worked in this typical American neighborhood throughout four centuries of history. Through its restored houses, featured exhibits, historic landscapes and gardens, and interpretive programs, Strawbery Banke tells the stories of the many generations who settled in the Portsmouth, NH, community from the late l7th to the mid-20th century. Read MoreClose Portland Symphony Orchestra Serving the city of Portland, the state of Maine, and northern New England, the PSO is the largest performing arts… Serving the city of Portland, the state of Maine, and northern New England, the PSO is the largest performing arts organization in Maine. With critically acclaimed performances and broad community engagement, the PSO is widely regarded as one of the top symphony orchestras of its size in the country. Read MoreClose United Way of Greater Portland United Way does vital work in education, financial stability, and health. With volunteer support, they make a difference… United Way does vital work in education, financial stability, and health. With volunteer support, they make a difference in people’s lives and create a stronger community for us all. Read MoreClose Click for a full list of organizations


 Our Firm Our Founder Our People Our Community Charitable Giving News









© 2017 R. M. Davis, Inc.


Site design by McClain Marketing + Interactive


Privacy StatementTerms Of UseDisclosure



















Davis R M Inc in Mansfield, OH 44906 - ChamberofCommerce.com




   =     


        









Sign Up
Sign In
Contact Us


 














Search
 

near
 













Home
» Ohio
» Mansfield
» Banners
» Davis R M Inc













Davis R M Inc


0 Reviews

0.0000 stars - based on 0 reviews
                            





256 Lenox Ave  Mansfield, Ohio 44906


(419) 529-3417


 



 

Print |
                Save |
                Directions


About
Davis R M Inc is located at the address 256 Lenox Ave in Mansfield, Ohio 44906.  They can be contacted via phone at (419) 529-3417 for pricing, hours and directions.  Davis R M Inc has an annual sales volume of 0 - 500K.  .For more information contact Richard  Byus, OwnerDavis R M Inc provides Graphic Design, Imaging, Consultations to it's customers.  For maps and directions to Davis R M Inc view the map to the right.  For reviews of Davis R M Inc see below.









Business Features

PRODUCTS


Architectural Signs
, Illuminated Signs
, Banners & Flags
, Trailers
, Storefronts
, Custom Banners
, Fleets
, Yard Signs



SERVICES


Imaging
, Estimates
, Consultations
, Digital Printing
, Graphic Design


 TAGS:

manufacturer


 


Information

CONTACT INFORMATION
Phone: (419) 529-3417
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
Main Contact First Name: R.
Main Contact Last Name: Davis
Main Contact Title: Owner
Credit Cards: American Express
Employee Size: 1 To 4
Exact Employee Count: 3
Exact Sales Volume: 250000
Location Type: Single Location
Product Features: Electric Model, Plastic
Sales Volume: 0 - 500K
Special Hours: Emergency Services, 24-Hour Service
CATEGORIES:


Banners
Commercial & Industrial Equipment Repair
Crane Hoisting & Drilling Contractors
Equipment Installation Contractors
Signs & Displays Manufacturing & Wholesale
Flags
Business, Industry & Agriculture
Construction
Repair & Maintenance
Shopping
Specialty Contractors
Manufacturing & Wholesale



Reviews

Add


You must Sign in to post reviews.





by  on 






Click here to be the first to review this business...



0 Reviews
 


Key Contacts




Richard  Byus
Owner

 



 























 






Site Map
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
About
Partners
Chamber Partner Program
Chamber Member Benefits




Top Cities:
Atlanta
Bronx
Brooklyn
Chicago
Cleveland
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Miami
Minneapolis
New York
Philadelphia
Phoenix
Saint Louis
San Antonio
San Diego
San Jose


© 2017 CHAMBEROFCOMMERCE.COM


































Emerson Electric’s (EMR) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Stifel Nicolaus - Watch List News



















































Home
About
Staff
Privacy Policy
Contact
























Headlines
Business
US News
Health
World
Investing
Technology




















Emerson Electric Company - Get News & Ratings Daily

		Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Emerson Electric Company with our FREE daily email newsletter:



 






Follow Watchlist News

 











Latest News



Suncor Energy  Inc. (SU) Upgraded to “Sell” by BidaskClub					

BidaskClub Downgrades Shutterstock, Inc. (NYSE:SSTK) to Hold					

Stericycle, Inc. (NASDAQ:SRCL) Upgraded at BidaskClub					

Student Transportation Inc (STB) Downgraded to Hold at BidaskClub					

Sterling Construction Company Inc (NASDAQ:STRL) Downgraded by BidaskClub					

Videocon d2h Limited (VDTH) Downgraded by BidaskClub					

Tennant Company (NYSE:TNC) Downgraded by BidaskClub					

BidaskClub Downgrades Torchmark Corporation (TMK) to Hold					

Taylor Morrison Home Corp (NASDAQ:TMHC) Downgraded by BidaskClub					

Southern Company (The) (SO) Upgraded by BidaskClub to Sell					

Tucows Inc. (NASDAQ:TCX) Rating Lowered to Hold at BidaskClub					

Sanofi (NYSE:SNY) Stock Rating Lowered by BidaskClub					

Gentherm Inc (THRM) Downgraded to “Buy” at BidaskClub					

Sempra Energy (SRE) Rating Increased to Hold at BidaskClub					

SJW Corporation (SJW) Upgraded by BidaskClub to Hold					

BidaskClub Lowers Six Flags Entertainment Corporation New (NYSE:SIX) to Sell					

QUALCOMM Incorporated (NASDAQ:QCOM) Downgraded by BidaskClub to “Strong Sell”					

Pretium Resources, Inc. (PVG) Rating Increased to Buy at BidaskClub					

QCR Holdings, Inc. (QCRH) Cut to “Hold” at BidaskClub					

Sunstone Hotel Investors, Inc. (NYSE:SHO) Stock Rating Lowered by BidaskClub					



Archives

July 2017
June 2017
May 2017
April 2017
March 2017
February 2017
January 2017
December 2016
November 2016
October 2016
September 2016
August 2016
July 2016
June 2016
May 2016
March 2016
November 2015
October 2015
September 2015
August 2015
July 2015
June 2015
May 2015
April 2015
March 2015
February 2015
January 2015
December 2014
November 2014
October 2014
September 2014
August 2014
July 2014
June 2014
May 2014
April 2014
March 2014
February 2014
January 2014




 




						Emerson Electric’s (EMR) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Stifel Nicolaus					

						 July 19th, 2017  - 0 comments - Filed Under -
 by Nicole Kennedy 


							Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Investing 






Tweet










Emerson Electric Company (NYSE:EMR)‘s stock had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by research analysts at Stifel Nicolaus in a report issued on Wednesday. They currently have a $68.00 price objective on the industrial products company’s stock. Stifel Nicolaus’ target price points to a potential upside of 13.66% from the company’s current price.
A number of other analysts have also recently weighed in on the stock. Morgan Stanley  restated an “overweight” rating on shares of Emerson Electric in a report on Tuesday, July 11th. JMP Securities assumed coverage on shares of Emerson Electric in a report on Monday, June 19th. They set an “outperform” rating and a $70.00 target price for the company. BidaskClub upgraded shares of Emerson Electric from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Friday, June 16th. Royal Bank Of Canada  restated a “hold” rating and set a $62.00 target price on shares of Emerson Electric in a report on Tuesday, June 6th. Finally, TheStreet upgraded shares of Emerson Electric from a “c+” rating to a “b” rating in a report on Thursday, May 4th. Three analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, fifteen have given a hold rating and three have given a buy rating to the company. Emerson Electric currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $56.96.
Shares of Emerson Electric (EMR) traded up 0.6687% on Wednesday, hitting $60.2301. The company had a trading volume of 413,975 shares. The stock has a market cap of $38.82 billion, a PE ratio of 25.7284 and a beta of 1.20. The company has a 50-day moving average of $59.60 and a 200 day moving average of $59.52. Emerson Electric has a 12 month low of $49.22 and a 12 month high of $64.37. 




Emerson Electric (NYSE:EMR) last issued its earnings results on Tuesday, May 2nd. The industrial products company reported $0.58 earnings per share for the quarter, hitting the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.58. The firm had revenue of $3.57 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $3.49 billion. Emerson Electric had a net margin of 8.72% and a return on equity of 23.37%. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was down .1% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period last year, the firm posted $0.57 earnings per share.  Analysts anticipate that  Emerson Electric will post $2.60 EPS for the current fiscal year. 
TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Emerson Electric’s (EMR) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Stifel Nicolaus” was first  posted by Watch List News and is owned by of Watch List News. If you are accessing this piece on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US and international copyright & trademark laws. The legal version of this piece can be accessed at https://www.watchlistnews.com/emerson-electrics-emr-buy-rating-reaffirmed-at-stifel-nicolaus/1452793.html. 
Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Seven Eight Capital LP purchased a new position in  Emerson Electric during the fourth quarter worth about $234,000.  Ancora Advisors LLC purchased a new position in  Emerson Electric during the fourth quarter worth about $158,000.  Guggenheim Capital LLC raised its position in  Emerson Electric by 3.9% in the fourth quarter. Guggenheim Capital LLC now owns 880,473 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $49,087,000 after buying an additional 33,427 shares during the last quarter.  HCR Wealth Advisors purchased a new position in  Emerson Electric during the fourth quarter worth about $1,120,000.  Finally, Congress Asset Management Co. MA purchased a new position in  Emerson Electric during the fourth quarter worth about $201,000. Institutional investors and hedge funds own  68.87% of the company’s stock. 
About Emerson Electric
Emerson Electric Co is a diversified global manufacturing company, which provides solutions to customers by bringing technology and engineering together in the industrial, commercial and consumer markets around the world. The Company operates through four segments based on the nature of the products and services rendered: Process Management, Industrial Automation, Climate Technologies and Commercial & Residential Solutions.



Receive News & Ratings for Emerson Electric Company Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Emerson Electric Company and related companies with Analyst Ratings Network's FREE daily email newsletter.



 










Nicole Kennedy 























 Comment on this Post

Click here to cancel reply.



Name (required)

Mail (will not be published) (required)

Website






Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be placed in moderation!




Latest News




Sirius XM Making Big Investment In Pandora





Tax Reform Not Going Quite As Planned





Western Digital Files Lawsuit To Halt Toshiba Chip Business Sale





Sinclair Broadcast Group Announces Deal For Tribune Media





Starbucks Has A Hit With Its Unicorn Frappuccino











			© Watch List News, LLC 2008-2017. All rights reserved. 


Privacy Policy |
			About | Staff 
			| Contact 
















































Latest Stocks: Davis R M Inc. Sells 1,850 Shares of Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (EPD) - Petro Global News 24













































Skip to content





 











 















Latest Stocks: Davis R M Inc. Sells 1,850 Shares of Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (EPD)

June 3, 2017 Susan G. Crespo 














Davis R M Inc. decreased its stake in shares of  Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (NYSE:EPD) by 4.6% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor  owned 38,032 shares of the oil and gas producer’s stock after selling 1,850 shares during the period. Davis R M Inc.’s holdings in Enterprise Products Partners L.P. were worth $1,050,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. 
Other large investors have also made changes to their positions in the company. Trust Co increased its position in  Enterprise Products Partners L.P. by 0.4% in the fourth quarter. Trust Co now owns 10,808 shares of the oil and gas producer’s stock valued at $292,000 after buying an additional 45 shares during the last quarter.  BKD Wealth Advisors LLC increased its position in  Enterprise Products Partners L.P. by 0.6% in the first quarter. BKD Wealth Advisors LLC now owns 8,639 shares of the oil and gas producer’s stock valued at $239,000 after buying an additional 51 shares during the last quarter.  WealthTrust Axiom LLC increased its position in  Enterprise Products Partners L.P. by 0.3% in the first quarter. WealthTrust Axiom LLC now owns 31,057 shares of the oil and gas producer’s stock valued at $857,000 after buying an additional 86 shares during the last quarter.  Wesbanco Bank Inc. increased its position in  Enterprise Products Partners L.P. by 0.7% in the fourth quarter. Wesbanco Bank Inc. now owns 14,317 shares of the oil and gas producer’s stock valued at $387,000 after buying an additional 100 shares during the last quarter.  Finally, Mycio Wealth Partners LLC increased its position in  Enterprise Products Partners L.P. by 1.3% in the first quarter. Mycio Wealth Partners LLC now owns 12,615 shares of the oil and gas producer’s stock valued at $348,000 after buying an additional 156 shares during the last quarter. 36.31% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. 
Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (NYSE:EPD) opened at 26.89 on Monday. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $27.32 and a 200 day moving average price of $27.18. The company has a market cap of $57.45 billion, a P/E ratio of 21.77 and a beta of 0.91. Enterprise Products Partners L.P. has a 52 week low of $24.01 and a 52 week high of $30.25. 
Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (NYSE:EPD) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, May 2nd. The oil and gas producer reported $0.36 EPS for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.32 by $0.04. The business had revenue of $7.32 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $6.05 billion. Enterprise Products Partners L.P. had a return on equity of 11.55% and a net margin of 10.92%. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 46.3% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the prior year, the business posted $0.33 earnings per share.  Analysts expect that  Enterprise Products Partners L.P. will post $1.42 EPS for the current fiscal year. 
The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Monday, May 8th. Shareholders of record on Friday, April 28th were given a $0.415 dividend. This is a boost from Enterprise Products Partners L.P.’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.41. The ex-dividend date of this dividend  was Wednesday, April 26th. This represents a $1.66 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 6.17%. Enterprise Products Partners L.P.’s dividend payout ratio  is presently 136.67%. 
Several research firms have recently weighed in on EPD. Macquarie  reiterated an “outperform” rating and set a $32.00 price target on shares of Enterprise Products Partners L.P. in a research note on Friday, April 21st. Vetr upgraded Enterprise Products Partners L.P. from a “buy” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $31.42 price target for the company in a research note on Monday, April 24th. Guggenheim began coverage on Enterprise Products Partners L.P. in a research note on Monday, April 17th. They set a “buy” rating and a $32.00 price target for the company. Sanford C. Bernstein began coverage on Enterprise Products Partners L.P. in a research note on Tuesday, May 16th. They set an “outperform” rating for the company. Finally, Barclays PLC increased their price target on Enterprise Products Partners L.P. from $31.00 to $33.00 and gave the stock an “overweight” rating in a research note on Tuesday, January 31st. One equities research analyst  has rated the stock with a hold rating, sixteen have issued  a buy rating and one  has assigned  a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. Enterprise Products Partners L.P. presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $32.08.
In other Enterprise Products Partners L.P. news, insider Edwin E. Smith sold 15,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, March 6th. The stock was sold at an average price of $28.02, for a total value of $420,300.00. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this hyperlink. Corporate insiders own  37.50% of the company’s stock. 
Enterprise Products Partners L.P. Company Profile
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding EPD? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (NYSE:EPD).






 


 
                Related posts            












                                        June 11, 2017                                    




                                        Robert V. Boyd                                    


0 



                                    Latest Stocks: Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank Has $2.54 Million Stake in Ingredion Inc (INGR)                                

Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank decreased its position in Ingredion Inc (NYSE:INGR) by 65.7% during the first... 












                                        June 11, 2017                                    




                                        Robert V. Boyd                                    


0 



                                    Latest Stocks: Apple Inc. (AAPL) Rating Reiterated by Morgan Stanley                                

Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL)‘s stock had its “overweight” rating restated by Morgan Stanley in a report released... 












                                        June 11, 2017                                    




                                        Robert V. Boyd                                    


0 



                                    Latest Stocks: LHC Group, Inc. (LHCG) PT Raised to $65.00                                

LHC Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:LHCG) had its price objective hoisted by Jefferies Group LLC from $56.00 to... 





 Leave a Comment Cancel reply 
 
 
 
 

 






 
  Latest 

Latest Stocks: Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank Has $2.54 Million Stake in Ingredion Inc (INGR)


Latest Stocks: Apple Inc. (AAPL) Rating Reiterated by Morgan Stanley


Latest Stocks: LHC Group, Inc. (LHCG) PT Raised to $65.00


Latest Stocks: Melco Resorts & Entertainment Ltd (MLCO) Given New $27.00 Price Target at Aegis


Latest Stocks: MTGE Investment Corp (MTGE) Given “Buy” Rating at Maxim Group


 













