










 



Robert T Davis Jr. Profiles | Facebook

FacebookEmail or PhonePasswordForgot account?English (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017


















 


Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft










Robert T. Davis , Jr., Integra LifeSciences Holding Corporation - Leadership® Profile

































Products


Resources


About 


Client Support


Order








Leadership® ProfileLast changed: 7/24/2017  
Robert T. Davis , Jr. 
Corporate Vice President and President, Orthopedics and Tissue TechnologiesIntegra LifeSciences Holding Corporation
Telephone, Email, Fax, and Education History available

Total Positions available: 1

Career History includes:
Corporate Vice President and President, Specialty Surgical Solutions,  Integra LifeSciences Holding Corporation,  , (2014-2016) 
(2 additional careers available)


 Purchase This Profile
Request Free Trial


Subscribe to one of these Leadership® Online products for unlimited access:
Leadership® Health Focus Leadership Networks®


About Leadership Directories, Inc. [LDI]

	Leadership Directories, Inc. [LDI] is a B2B information services company which provides premium content and contact solutions. LDI researches and publishes verified profiles of influential people and organizations from the federal government, state and local governments, public and private companies, law firms and courts, media outlets, healthcare organizations, nonprofits and associations, and the U.S. Congress.LDI's unique database of 900,000 contacts and 165,000 organizations is available online, in print, and as custom data services. Our high-quality data is updated daily with 4,000+ changes verified by NYC- and DC-based staff.


 




                Toll free: 1-800-627-0311

                1407 Broadway, Suite 318, New York, NY 10018
Tel: (212) 627-4140     Fax: (212) 645-0931
            

                1667 K Street, NW, Suite 801, Washington, DC 20006
Tel: (202) 347-7757       Fax:
                (202) 628-3430
            




Terms of use

|

Privacy Policy

|

FAQ

|

Contact us


 ©  Leadership Directories, Inc.
            














Robert T. Davis Jr. - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In




















Robert T. Davis Jr.
Corporate Vice President and President, Orthopedics and Tissue Technologies at Integra LifeSciences Holdings Corporation


View Full Profile
Are you Robert T. Davis Jr.? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Robert T. Davis Jr.'s full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Robert T. Davis Jr.'s  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Robert T. Davis Jr.'s employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Robert T. Davis Jr. through your network of contacts.
												








Robert T. Davis Jr.'s Executive Work History


Current


Corporate Vice President and President, Orthopedics and Tissue Technologies, 
Integra LifeSciences Holdings Corporation


Past
To view Robert T. Davis Jr.'s complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
58

 
 


Robert T. Davis Jr.'s Biography



ROBERT T. DAVIS, JR. is Integra's Corporate Vice President, President, Orthopedics and Tissue Technologies. Mr. Davis is responsible for the management of the Orthopedics and Tissue Technologies global division, which includes the orthopedic extremity implants, and regenerative tissue products. His responsibilities include leadership of sales, commercial operations, marketing and strategy, product development, regulatory affairs, quality assurance, manufacturing, and business development, worldwide. Mr. Davis joined Integra in July 2012 as President of the Global Neurosurgery business and was appointed Integra's Corporate Vice President in De ...
(Read More)

			ROBERT T. DAVIS, JR. is Integra's Corporate Vice President, President, Orthopedics and Tissue Technologies. Mr. Davis is responsible for the management of the Orthopedics and Tissue Technologies global division, which includes the orthopedic extremity implants, and regenerative tissue products. His responsibilities include leadership of sales, commercial operations, marketing and strategy, product development, regulatory affairs, quality assurance, manufacturing, and business development, worldwide. Mr. Davis joined Integra in July 2012 as President of the Global Neurosurgery business and was appointed Integra's Corporate Vice President in December 2012 and President - Specialty Surgical Solutions in 2014. He brings more than 25 years of executive management experience in the global healthcare industry. Prior to joining Integra, Mr. Davis was the General Manager for the Global Anesthesia & Critical Care business at Baxter Healthcare, from 2009 to 2012, and held various general management positions at GE Healthcare in the areas of interventional therapeutics, cardiovascular imaging and diagnostic ultrasound from 1997 to 2009. Mr. Davis earned his B.S. in Sports Medicine from the University of Delaware, a Master's degree in Exercise & Cardiovascular Physiology from Temple University, and an M.B.A. from Drexel University.
		
Source: Integra LifeSciences Holdings Corporation on 04/17/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Robert T. Davis Jr.'s full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Robert T. Davis Jr.. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Robert T. Davis Jr.'s  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Robert T. Davis Jr.'s employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Robert T. Davis Jr. through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Robert T. Davis Jr.


















Robert T. Davis Jr.'s Connections (28)





Sign up now to view Robert T. Davis Jr.'s 28 connections »









Richard E. Caruso
Board Member, Integra LifeSciences Holdings Corporation









Judith O'Grady
Corporate Vice President, Global Regulatory Affairs, and Corporate Compliance Officer, Integra LifeSciences Holdings Corporation









Mark A. Augusti
President, Chief Executive Officer and Director, ConforMIS, Inc.









Jerry E. Corbin
Vice President and Corporate Controller, Integra LifeSciences Holdings Corporation









Barbara B. Hill
Board Member, St. Jude Medical, Inc.









Donald E. Morel
Board Member, Integra LifeSciences Holdings Corporation









Christian S. Schade
Board Member, Integra LifeSciences Holdings Corporation









Raymond G. Murphy
Board Member, Integra LifeSciences Holdings Corporation









Stuart M. Essig
Board Member, St. Jude Medical, Inc.









John H. Mooradian
Corporate Vice President, Global Operations and Supply Chain, Integra LifeSciences Holdings Corporation








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Michael C. Montgomery
Board Member, NMI Holdings, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

ï¿½ 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993


















Obituary | Robert T. "RT" Davis, Jr. | Huff & Lakjer Funeral Home, Inc.






















































Robert T. "RT" Davis, Jr. | 1954 - 2014 | Obituary



















Robert T. "RT" Davis, Jr.
August 27, 1954 - October 03, 2014



Share this obituary











 

Sign Guestbook|
View Guest Book Entries|
Send Sympathy Card|



Robert T. “RT” Davis, Jr., 60, of Ft. Lauderdale, FL, and formerly of Glenside, PA, passed away Friday, October 3, 2014 at The Solana Horsham, PA.Born August 27, 1954, in Abington, PA, Robert was a son of the late Robert T. and Olga M. (Mocharniuk) Davis.Robert graduated from Abington Senior High School in 1972. He earned his bachelor’s degree in Music Education from Indiana University of Pennsylvania and his master’s degree in Music from the University of Miami. Robert was employed by the Miami –Dade County Public Schools for thirty eight years and was the District Supervisor for Music Education from 1996 to 2012. He was named Teacher of the Year twice and will be remembered for helping to build an impressive music education system.A distinguished leader in his profession, Robert was a member of several cultural organizations, including the Music Educators National Conference; Florida Music Educators Association; American Society of Composers, Authors, and Publishers (ASCAP); Dade Association of School Administrators; Arts for a Complete Education/Florida Alliance for Art Education; and Dade County Music Teachers Association. He also served as music director for theatrical productions, from the Burt Reynolds Jupiter Theatre to the State Theatre of Maine.He is survived by three siblings, Cheryl Davis Gregg and her husband, William, of Ambler, Sandra Davis Brandt and her husband, Richard, of Pittstown, NJ, Rev. Glenn B. Davis and his wife, Carolyn, of Equinunk; six nieces and nephews; and five great-nieces and nephews.Services were held Tuesday, October 7, 2014 at Huff & Lakjer Funeral Home, Lansdale, PA, followed by interment in George Washington Memorial Park, Plymouth Meeting, PA. In lieu of flowers the family asks that donations be made to the Robert T. Davis Memorial Scholarship Fund, which has been set up through Dade County Music Educator’s Association (DCMEA) at https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=V8DUZUPVQQYPA The scholarship will be awarded to a graduating senior from M-DCPS who plans to pursue a music education degree at a college or university.www.huffandlakjer.com






 Print Obituary




Sign Guest Book


Name 





Location



Email 




Personal Message


Hide email







 Required Confirmation:









        





 Submit guest book entry























