    Todd Davis | LifeLock Inc | ZoomInfo.com






HealthCare Royalty Partners - Team



























HC Royalty Partners


About
Approach
Team
Portfolio
News
Contact




 Team



















 







Team
Strategic Advisory Board







We are former surgeons, pharmaceutical executives, bankers, equity analysts, lawyers and consultants. We have decades of investment, operational, clinical, structuring and capital markets experience. Our Strategic Advisory Board consists of  prominent healthcare veterans that enhance the depth and expertise of our team. 


   Carlos M. Almodovar
                          Principal-Investor Relations


  Li S. Boynton
                        Associate


  Gregory B. Brown, M.D.
                        Founder


   Thomas K. Conner
                          Chief Financial Officer


  Warren D. Cooper, MB, BS, BSc, MFPM
                          Chief Medical Officer


  Todd
                          C. Davis 
                        Founder


   Samuel D. Floyd II 
                          Associate 


  Clarke
                          B. Futch 
                        Founder



   Paul J. Hadden
                        Managing Director



  Shin W. Kang, Ph.D. 
                        Vice President 


   Joshua D. Kurtz 
                        Fund Controller


   Sean S. Mansoory 
                      Associate



   Anthony G. Rapsomanikis 
                      Vice President


   Andrew T. Reardon
                        Chief Legal Officer



   Spencer H. Schneider
                        IP Counsel & 
                        Chief Compliance Officer 


  John A. Urquhart
                        Principal


   Amy J. Vayalattu
                        Fund Accountant


  Conrad Wang, M.D.
                        Principal


   Christopher A. White
                        Chief Operating Officer 


   Ting Xie, Ph.D. 
                      Senior Associate 

$('.clickable').fitted();





Our Strategic Advisory Board consists of  world  renowned healthcare experts with extensive expertise in global manufacturing,  clinical medicine, commercialization of life science products, and licensing.


  Frank M. Armstrong, M.D.


  Louis P. Berneman


  Michael
                        G. Carter, M.D.


  Marc D. Kozin


  Robert S. Langer, Sc.D.


  Julie H. McHugh


  Natale S. Ricciardi

$('.clickable').fitted();


Spotlight
  










 Gregory B. Brown, M.D.
 Founder

Gregory B. Brown, M.D. is a co-founder and Vice Chairman of  HCR and the Chairman of the Strategic Advisory Board. Educated as a  transplantation immunologist and trained as a thoracic and vascular surgeon,  Dr. Brown practiced thoracic and vascular surgery in a community setting where  he also founded and led an HMO. He brings particular expertise in the  scientific, technical, clinical and medical evaluation of products as well as  in healthcare systems and payor / reimbursement dynamics. He has been involved  in sourcing, diligencing and closing more than $1 billion of royalty  financings. Before co-founding HCR, Dr. Brown was a partner at Paul  Capital Partners, where he co-managed that firm's royalty investments as a  member of the royalty management committee. Prior to beginning his principal  investment career in 2003, Dr. Brown was co-head of investment banking and head  of healthcare at Adams, Harkness & Hill (now Canaccord Genuity) and a  ranked biotechnology research analyst at Vector Securities International. Dr. Brown  holds a B.A. from Yale, an M.D. from SUNY Upstate Medical Center and an M.B.A.  from Harvard Business School. He currently serves on the board of MonoSol Rx and is a board observer at Vanderbilt S.a.r.l.          

Li S. Boynton
Associate

Li S. Boynton joined HCR as an Associate in 2016. Previously, she worked in Equity Research covering the large cap pharma and large/smid cap biotechnology sectors at Guggenheim. Ms. Boynton holds a B.S. in Molecular Biology from Yale University.

 Todd C. Davis
 Founder

Todd C. Davis is a co-founder, Managing Partner, and Chairman of the Portfolio Management Committee at HCR. He has particular expertise in the commercial, operational and licensing aspects of the healthcare industry, and is responsible for the management of HCR's existing portfolio of over $1 billion. Mr. Davis has been involved in over $2 billion in healthcare principal investments including sourcing, conducting due diligence, and closing more than $1 billion in royalty financings. In addition, Mr. Davis has run HCR's business development activities, coordinated the firm's public relations activities and served on the Investment Committee. Previously, Mr. Davis was a partner at Paul Capital Partners, where he co-managed that firm's royalty investments as a member of the royalty management committee. He also served as a partner responsible for biopharmaceutical growth equity investments at Apax Partners. Prior to beginning his principal investment career in 2001, Mr. Davis held sales and  marketing roles at Abbott Laboratories and worked in business development, licensing and general management at Elan Pharmaceuticals. Mr. Davis holds a B.S. from the U.S. Naval Academy and an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School. He currently serves on the boards of Suneva Medical, Ligand Pharmaceuticals, AcuFocus and TearScience.


 Clarke B. Futch 
 Founder

Clarke B. Futch is a co-founder, Managing Partner and Chairman of the Investment Committee at HCR. He has been raising and deploying capital in the healthcare royalty market for more than a dozen years. Since 2001, he has led more than 30 royalty investments representing nearly $2 billion of invested capital. Over the course of his career, Mr. Futch has raised over $5 billion across five investment funds and executed more than 100 transactions including royalty, equity, debt and M&A deals. At HCR Partners, he also leads the firm's fundraising activities. Before co-founding HCR, Mr. Futch served as a partner at Paul Capital Partners where he co-managed the firm's royalty investments as a member of the royalty management committee. He previously served as a founder of the healthcare group at Thomas Weisel Partners, and as a vice president at Raymond James. Mr. Futch was previously named one of the future leaders in biotech finance by BioWorld, one of the industry's leading publications. He holds a B.A., magna cum laude, from Vanderbilt University and a J.D. from the University of Virginia School of Law.  Mr. Futch also serves on the board of Suneva Medical. 


 Paul J. Hadden
 Managing Director 

Paul J. Hadden is a Managing Director and member of the Investment Committee at HCR. He joined the firm in 2007 and is focused primarily on HCR's activities in the United Kingdom and Europe, including, deal sourcing and structuring.  Mr. Hadden has previously led the firm's efforts with Universities and Inventors as well as its global business development activities. Mr. Hadden has over a decade of experience investing in and advising biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies and to date has been involved in sourcing, conducting due diligence and/or closing over $950 million in royalty transactions. Prior to HCR, Mr. Hadden served as a principal at The Frankel Group LLC, a boutique management consulting firm serving the life sciences industry, where he advised leading pharmaceutical, biotechnology and generic clients. Mr. Hadden started his career at New York-Presbyterian Hospital as a senior financial analyst providing financial planning support to the program development and clinical services division. Mr. Hadden holds a B.A. from Yale College and an M.P.H. from the Yale School of Public Health.


 Conrad Wang, M.D.
 Principal 
Conrad Wang, M.D. joined HCR as a Principal in 2015.  Trained as an orthopedic surgeon, Dr. Wang has over a decade of experience investing and structuring acquisitions in healthcare.  Dr. Wang most recently was Senior Director, Corporate Development at Medtronic plc where he led cross-functional deal teams in evaluating and executing acquisitions, strategic alliances, joint ventures and minority investments.  Prior to Medtronic, Dr. Wang was a principal investor at Three Arch Partners, a healthcare venture capital firm, where he sourced, invested in and was a board member for medical device, healthcare services and therapeutics companies. Dr. Wang holds a B.S. from Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT), an M.D. from the Harvard-MIT Division of Health Sciences and Technology at Harvard Medical School, and an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School where he was named a Baker Scholar.  He completed his post-graduate training in the Harvard Combined Orthopedic Residency Program. He currently serves as a board observer for AcuFocus and TearScience.


 Cici Zheng 
 Associate

 Cici Zheng is an Associate of HCR. Prior to joining HC Royalty, she was
            an analyst in the healthcare investment banking division at UBS Investment Bank,
            where she focused on mergers and acquisitions as well as debt and equity financings
            across the healthcare industry. Ms. Zheng holds a B.A. from the University of Pennsylvania.


 Emilie C. McKenna 
 Associate

 Emilie McKenna is an Associate of HCR. Prior to joining HCR, she
            was an analyst in the healthcare investment banking group at Cowen and Company,
            where she focused on mergers and acquisitions as well as debt and equity financings.
            Ms. McKenna holds a B.A. from Bowdoin College.


 Sean S. Mansoory 
 Associate

 Sean S. Mansoory joined HCR as an Associate in 2016. Previously, he worked in the healthcare investment banking groups at BMO Capital Markets and Janney Capital Markets. Prior to Janney, he worked as a Market Research Analyst at Boston Biomedical Consultants (now QuintilesIMS), a boutique consulting firm primarily focused on the In Vitro Diagnostics (IVD) sector. Sean holds a B.S. in Biochemistry and Pre-Medicine from Trinity College (CT).


 Shin W. Kang, Ph.D.
Vice President

Shin W. Kang, Ph.D. joined HCR as a Vice President in 2015. Dr. Kang focuses on HCR's research efforts as well as business development related to U.S. based universities and inventors.  He most recently served as a Vice President of Equity Research at Wells Fargo Securities covering the biotechnology sector. Prior to Wells Fargo, Dr. Kang managed technology, intellectual property and business development at the Mount Sinai School of Medicine. He holds a Ph.D. in Biological Chemistry/Immunology from the University of California, Los Angeles, an M.B.A. from Columbia Business School and a B.S. from the University of California, Davis. Dr. Kang also conducted research at Genentech as a postdoctoral fellow.


 John A. Urquhart 
Principal

John A. Urquhart is a Principal at HCR. Mr. Urquhart joined HCR in 2007 and since then he has served various roles of increasing responsibility.  He has over a decade of healthcare investing experience in the royalty and structured finance market.  Mr. Urquhart is based in Boston and is responsible for the firm's business development efforts in the greater Boston region. Prior to HCR, Mr. Urquhart was an investment banking analyst at Cowen and Company, where he focused on mergers and acquisitions as well as debt and equity financings. Mr. Urquhart holds a B.A. from Brown University and a M.B.A. from The Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania.


 Anthony G. Rapsomanikis 
 Director of West Coast Business Development

Anthony G. Rapsomanikis is Vice President and Director of West Coast Business Development at HCR. Prior to joining the firm in 2012 as an Associate, he worked as an Analyst in the healthcare investment banking group at Stifel Nicolaus Weisel and its predecessor firm Thomas Weisel Partners, where he was focused on mergers and acquisitions, debt and equity financings. Prior to Stifel, Mr. Rapsomanikis was an Analyst at Silverwood Partners, where he advised middle market companies on private capital raises and M&A transactions. Mr. Rapsomanikis holds a B.B.A., cum laude, from the University of Massachusetts, Amherst.


Pei Zhou, CFA 
Associate 

Pei Zhou, CFA joined HCR as an Associate in 2015. Previously, he worked as an Investment Banking Analyst at MTS Health Partners, a boutique healthcare merchant bank. Prior to MTS, he worked in corporate finance at Comcast/NBCUniversal. Pei holds a B.A. in Economics from the University of Pennsylvania.


Ting Xie, Ph.D. 
Senior Associate 

Ting Xie, Ph.D. joined HCR as an Associate in 2016. Previously, he was a member of AB Bernstein's II ranked equity research team covering biotech and specialty pharma sectors. Dr. Xie holds a Ph.D. from Harvard University, where he focused on cutting-edge small molecule drug development and related clinical studies at Harvard Medical School and Dana-Farber Cancer Institute. Prior to that, he received his BSc in Chemistry and Biology from Tsinghua University.


 Thomas K. Conner
 Chief Financial Officer 

Thomas K. Conner is the  Chief Financial Officer and a Managing Director at HCR. Prior to joining HCR,  Mr. Conner was the COO of investment banking at Cowen & Company. Mr. Conner  spent more than twenty years with Cowen & Company and was its Chief  Financial Officer until its merger with Ramius. Prior to joining Cowen, Mr.  Conner worked for TLP Leasing Programs, where he managed the accounting  operations of 15 public and private limited partnerships. Previously, Mr.  Conner worked for Atlantic Capital Corporation. He began his career at Deloitte  Haskins & Sells in 1983. Mr. Conner holds a B.B.A. from the University of  Massachusetts, Amherst and is a Certified Public Accountant licensed in the  State of New York.


 Andrew T. Reardon
 Chief Legal Officer

Andrew T. Reardon is the Chief Legal Officer at HCR. Prior to joining HCR, Mr. Reardon was a senior  associate at Willkie Farr & Gallagher. Mr. Reardon's experience includes  advising private equity funds, hedge funds, lenders and operating companies on  matters including fund formations, financings, equity issuances, mergers and  acquisitions, leveraged buyouts, royalty transactions, restructurings and  corporate governance. Mr. Reardon received a J.D., with high distinction, from  The University of Iowa College of Law where he was the recipient of the Alan I.  Widiss Faculty Scholar Award, and a B.A., with honors, from the State  University of New York, College at Old Westbury. Mr. Reardon is a former  officer with the United States Army National Guard.


 Spencer H. Schneider 
 IP Counsel  & Chief Compliance Officer

Spencer H. Schneider is the Chief Compliance Officer and  Intellectual Property Counsel at HCR. Mr. Schneider helped establish  HCR's compliance program, handled all aspects of the Firm's  registration as an investment advisor with the SEC and manages all compliance  functions.  He is a registered patent attorney with extensive experience  in conducting intellectual property due diligence for corporate transactions.  Prior to joining HCR, Mr. Schneider was a principal at Speyside Capital  Advisors, a boutique advisory firm helping to facilitate commercialization of  university inventions. Previously, Mr. Schneider was an associate in the  intellectual property groups of Dewey & LeBoeuf, Ropes & Gray, and  Cooper & Dunham. He has conducted patent due diligence for multiple types  of transactions including public offerings, venture capital financings, mergers  and acquisitions, leveraged buyouts, and royalty transactions. Mr. Schneider  holds a B.A. in Biology from Columbia College, a M.S. in Biochemistry and  Molecular Biology from New York Medical College, and a J.D. from Cardozo School  of Law.


 Frank M. Armstrong, M.D.

Frank M. Armstrong, M.D. is  a member of HCR's Strategic Advisory Board. Over the course of his tenured  career, Dr. Armstrong has served as chief executive officer at a number of  healthcare and biopharmaceutical companies, including Fulcrum Pharma plc,  CuraGen Corporation, Bioaccelerate Holdings, Inc., Provensis Ltd. and Phoqus  Pharmaceuticals plc. Dr. Armstrong has also worked in big Pharma as head of  worldwide product development at Bayer AG, a senior vice president at Zeneca  Pharmaceuticals (now AstraZeneca plc) and a Senior Vice President at Merck  Serono. Dr. Armstrong holds an MBChB from the University of Edinburgh and  became a member of the Royal College of Physicians in 1984. He was elected a  Fellow of the Royal College of Physicians, Edinburgh in 1993 and was elected a  Fellow of the Faculty of Pharmaceutical Physicians in 1994.


 Michael G. Carter, M.D.

Michael G. Carter, M.D. is a  member of HCR's Strategic Advisory Board and Investment Committee. Dr. Carter is a venture partner at  SV Life Sciences Advisers LLP and serves as a non-executive director of  Micromet Inc., Fulcrum Pharma plc, Santarus, Inc. and GTx, Inc. Previously, Dr.  Carter was a member of the strategic advisory board for the Paul Royalty Funds.  From 1984 to 1998, Dr. Carter held numerous positions with Zeneca  Pharmaceuticals (now AstraZeneca plc), including international marketing  director, international medical director and serving on that company's board.  Dr. Carter also held numerous positions with Roche Products Ltd from 1976 to  1984, including director of the pharmaceutical division, head of medical  development and medical affairs, and an adverse reactions physician. For nearly  a decade, he served on the UK Government's Medicines Commission and, prior to  entering the pharmaceutical industry, was a practicing physician. Dr. Carter  holds a Diploma in Pharmaceutical Medicine, an MBChB from Sheffield University  Medical School, a B-Pharm from London University's School of Pharmacy and is a  member of the Pharmaceutical Society. He was elected a Fellow of the Royal  Pharmaceutical Society, a Fellow of Faculty of Pharmaceutical Medicine of the  Royal College of Physicians and a Fellow of the Royal College of Physicians,  Edinburgh.


 Nicholas L. Teti, Jr.

Nicholas L. Teti, Jr. is a  member of HCR's Strategic Advisory Board. He is Chairman of the Board and CEO  of Suneva Medical. Prior to Suneva Medical, Mr. Teti was Chairman of the Board  of Isolagen, Inc. and, until January 2008, was also the company's Chief  Executive Officer. Previously, Mr. Teti served as Chairman, President and Chief  Executive Officer of the Inamed Corporation from 2002-2006 through the Allergan  acquisition. Prior to Inamed, Mr. Teti spent twenty-five years at DuPont and  DuPont Merck where he held a number of senior management positions including  President and CEO of DuPont Pharmaceuticals. He currently serves on the Board  of Enteromedics. Mr. Teti holds a B.A. and an M.B.A. from St. Joseph's  University.


 Louis P. Berneman
 Lead Advisor, Nonprofit Institutions

Louis P. Berneman serves as  the Lead Advisor, Nonprofit Institutions for HCR. Mr. Berneman is a Past  President of the Association of University Technology Managers (AUTM), a global  network of more than 3,500 universities and other nonprofit research  institutions focused on licensing technology created through academic and  nonprofit research. He is also a former Vice President and Trustee of the  Licensing Executives Society (LES), a professional licensing and technology  transfer society comprised of over 6,000 members. Mr. Berneman served on the  Strategic Advisory Board for the Paul Royalty Funds for nine years and was  managing director of the Center for Technology Transfer at the University of  Pennsylvania. Currently, Mr. Berneman heads Texelerate, LLC, a technology  transfer consultancy focusing on assisting institutions, investors,  entrepreneurs and companies with licensing transactions, royalty monetizations,  and creating financing for start-ups. He is also a founding partner of Osage  University Partners. Mr. Berneman holds a B.A. from the Pennsylvania State  University, a teaching credential from University of California at Santa  Barbara, and an M.A., M.T. and Ed. D. from Teachers College, Columbia  University. He is also a Certified Licensing Professional.


Joshua D. Kurtz
Fund Controller

Joshua D. Kurtz is a Fund  Controller at HCRP. Prior to joining HCR, Mr. Kurtz was a fund accounting  manager at Chilton Investment Company, where he was a team leader within the  group and managed all aspects of the fund accounting functions. Before joining  Chilton, Mr. Kurtz worked at Cowen Investment Management (formerly Ramius), where he served as a vice president in the  accounting group responsible for accounting and financial reporting for  multiple investment funds. Prior to Ramius, Mr. Kurtz was a senior accountant  in the audit assurance services investment management division of Deloitte and  Touche, where he specialized in the audits of private equity and hedge funds.  Mr. Kurtz holds a B.B.A. from Baruch College and is a Certified Public  Accountant licensed in the State of New York.


Carlos M. Almodovar
Principal  - Investor Relations

Carlos M. Almodovar is a Principal  in the investor relations group at HCR. Prior to joining HCR, Mr. Almodovar  was Director, Business Development at Strategic Value Partners, an alternative  investment firm focused on distressed debt. Prior to joining Strategic Value  Partners, Mr. Almodovar served as an Associate Director for UBS Investment Bank  where he focused on raising capital for external private equity managers.  Before UBS Investment Bank, Mr. Almodovar served as an analyst in real estate  for Lehman Brothers. Mr. Almodovar holds a B.S. from Cornell University.


Robert S. Langer, Sc.D.

Robert S. Langer, Sc.D. is a  member of HCR's Strategic Advisory Board. He is a David H. Koch Institute  Professor and Founder of the Langer Lab at the Massachusetts Institute of  Technology. Dr. Langer previously served as a member of the United States Food  and Drug Administration's SCIENCE Board, the FDA's highest advisory board, from  1995 - 2002 and as its Chairman from 1999-2002. He has helped start 25 companies,  and more than 250 pharmaceutical, chemical, biotechnology and medical device  companies have licensed or sublicensed Langer Lab patents. Over the course of  his tenured career, Dr. Langer has received over 210 major awards including the  2013 Wolf Prize in Chemistry which is considered the Isreali Nobel Prize; the  2006 United States National Medal of Science; the 2011 United States National  Medal of Technology and Innovation; and the Charles Stark Draper Prize, the  equivalent of the Nobel Prize for engineers. He has also been elected to the  Institute of Medicine of the National Academy of Sciences, the National Academy  of Engineering and the National Academy of Sciences. Dr. Langer has received 19  honorary doctorates including honorary degrees from both Harvard and Yale. He  received his Bachelor's Degree from Cornell University and his Sc.D. from   Massachusetts Institute of Technology, both in Chemical Engineering.


Julie H. McHugh
Julie H. McHugh is a member of HCR's Strategic Advisory Board. Ms. McHugh most recently served as chief operating officer for Endo Health Solutions, Inc., from March 2010 through May 2013, where she was responsible for the specialty pharmaceutical and generic drug businesses. Prior to joining Endo, Ms. McHugh was the chief executive officer of Nora Therapeutics, Inc., a venture capital backed biotech start-up company focused on developing novel therapies for the treatment of infertility disorders. Before that she served as company group chairman for Johnson & Johnson's (J&J) worldwide virology business unit, and previously she was president of Centocor, Inc., a J&J subsidiary. While at J&J, Ms. McHugh oversaw the development and launches of several products, including Remicade® (infliximab), Prezista® (darunavir) and Intelence® (etravirine), and she was responsible for oversight of a research and development portfolio including compounds for HIV, hepatitis C, and tuberculosis. Prior to joining Centocor, Ms. McHugh led the marketing communications for gastrointestinal drug Prilosec® (omeprazole) at Astra-Merck Inc. She currently serves on the board of visitors for the Smeal College of Business of the Pennsylvania State University as well as on the board of directors of Ironwood Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Aerie Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Epirus Biopharmaceuticals, Inc. and Trevena, Inc., all publicly held companies, and The New Xellia Group, a privately held company. She previously served on the board of directors for ViroPharma Inc., the Biotechnology Industry Organization (BIO), the Pennsylvania Biotechnology Association and the New England Healthcare Institute (NEHI). Ms. McHugh received her M.B.A. from St. Joseph's University and her B.S. from Pennsylvania State University.


Marc D. Kozin

Marc D. Kozin is a member of  HCR's Strategic Advisory Board. He is a Senior Advisor and former President of  L.E.K. Consulting, a global management consulting firm that helps clients solve  their most critical business problems. Mr. Kozin has 30 years of experience in  strategy consulting and M&A management, both domestically and  internationally. He also has deep industry expertise advising  biopharmaceutical, life sciences, and medtech companies. During his tenure at  L.E.K., Mr. Kozin advised senior executives in life sciences and other  industries to help them identify new growth opportunities, build value, pursue  highly-profitable mergers and acquisitions, and support sustained growth. He  helped open the firm's Boston office in 1987 and oversaw the growth of the  firm's U.S. operations including the company's acquisition of shareholder value  consulting firm Alcar in 1993. In 2002 Consulting Magazine named Mr. Kozin one of the 25  most influential consultants in recognition of his leadership and results for  clients. He holds a B.A., magna cum laude, in Economics from Duke University, and an  M.B.A. with distinction from The Wharton School at the University of  Pennsylvania. Mr. Kozin currently sits on the Boards of Endocyte, Inc., Dyax  Corporation, Helomics™ Corporation, Medical Simulation Corporation, UFP  Technologies and Crunchtime! Information Systems.


Neil J. Campbell

Neil J. Campbell joined HCR  as an Advisor in 2014. He currently serves as President & CEO of Helomics™  Corporation; Chairman of Mosaigen® Corporation; and as a Senior Research Fellow  at the University of Liverpool. Over the course of his career, Mr. Campbell has  successfully developed and/or introduced more than 275 products and services in  the areas of pharmaceuticals, medical devices, clinical & industrial  diagnostics, consumer healthcare products, medical software, research products,  bioinformatics, nanotechnology, high-performance computing, and  internet-of-things. He has held C-level positions at Child Health Research  Institute, SuperNova Diagnostics, Inc., Endeavour Capital, EntreMed  Pharmaceuticals (Nasdaq: ENMD), and Celera Genomics (NASDAQ:CRA). Mr. Campbell  has also served in general and executive management positions at Life  Technologies, Inc. (NASDAQ: LIFE), IGEN, Inc., acquired by Roche (NASDAQ:IGEN),  and Abbott Laboratories (NYSE: ABT). Mr. Campbell serves on several industry,  government, non-profit and company boards and is an active author on a wide  variety of subjects relating to the research, development and commercialization  of science and technology. He is pursuing a Doctorate from the University of  Liverpool and holds an M.B.A. and M.A. from Webster University and a B.S.B.A.  from Norwich University. 


Warren D. Cooper, MB, BS, BSc, MFPM

Warren D. Cooper, MB, BS, BSc, MFPM, is the Chief Medical Officer and a Managing Director at HCR Partners.  Dr. Cooper previously served as an Industry Advisor to HCR Partners. He is a UK-trained physician with over 35 years of experience in the global pharmaceutical industry. Dr. Cooper was the founding CEO of Prism Pharmaceuticals, a venture-backed, specialty pharmaceutical company that he led from inception to the sale of the Company to Baxter International in May 2011. With a background in cardiology and cardiac surgery, he spent 12 years with Merck, initially as a UK clinical research physician, then as head of European and subsequently Worldwide Clinical Research Operations for Merck Research Laboratories across all therapeutic areas. Moving to AstraMerck (now AstraZeneca PLC), he led that company's cardiovascular business division, a role with full business lifecycle leadership from in-licensing through development to P&L responsibility for sales and marketing. Dr. Cooper currently serves as the Lead Director on the Board of Zynerba Pharmaceuticals and is a member of the Faculty of Pharmaceutical Medicine of the Royal Colleges of Physicians of the United Kingdom, and of the International Society of Hypertension.


Natale S. Ricciardi

Natale S. Ricciardi is a  member of HCR's Strategic Advisory Board. He spent his entire 39-year  biopharmaceutical career at Pfizer Inc. Prior to his retirement in 2011, Mr.  Ricciardi served as President, Pfizer Global Manufacturing, Senior Vice  President, Pfizer Inc. and as a member of the Pfizer Executive Leadership Team.  In addition to his corporate leadership role, Mr. Ricciardi was directly  responsible for all of Pfizer's internal and external supply organization – a  global enterprise with as many as 38,000 employees and more than 100  manufacturing facilities supplying small and large molecule pharmaceuticals,  vaccines, consumer, nutrition and animal health products, by working with  Research from product co-development, regulatory approvals, manufacturing and  launch. His first decade at Pfizer was spent performing technical and supervisory  roles in the New York area. Mr. Ricciardi then relocated to Puerto Rico where  he led Pfizer's growing manufacturing operations and ultimately included Sales  and Marketing in the Caribbean. He returned to the mainland in 1995 as Vice  President of Manufacturing for Pfizer's Animal Health Group. In 1999 he was  given responsibility for Pfizer's U.S. manufacturing operations and assumed  global responsibilities in 2004. Mr. Ricciardi holds a B.S. in Chemical  Engineering from The City College of New York and an M.B.A. in Finance and  International Business from Fordham University.   He currently serves on the Board of Directors of Dynavax Technologies.


Amy J. Vayalattu
Fund Accountant

Amy J. Vayalattu joined HCR  as a Fund Accountant in 2015. She previously served as an Assurance Associate  in the Financial Services Group at McGladrey LLP. In this role she was  responsible for conducting risk analysis and audits for private equity funds,  fund-of-funds and hedge funds. She previously served in the Federal Tax Department  at IBM. Amy holds a B.A. in Public Accounting from Pace University.


Christopher A. White
Chief Operating Officer

Christopher A. White joined HCR as Chief Operating  Officer in 2014 and became a member of the Investment Committee in 2015. He has  over twenty years of legal, financial and operational experience. He previously  served as Managing Director and Head of Investment Banking at Janney Montgomery  Scott LLC where he was responsible for leading the strategic direction,  business development and corporate finance activities of the Investment Banking  Division within the Capital Markets Group. Prior to joining Janney in 2011, Mr.  White spent over a decade at Cowen Group, Inc. where he held a number of senior  management positions including Chief Administrative Officer, Chief Financial  Officer and Chief Operating Officer. He previously served in senior leadership  positions at Salomon Smith Barney and spent seven years as a securities and  mergers and acquisitions lawyer. Mr. White holds a B.A. from Amherst College  and a J.D. from the University of Michigan Law School.


Samuel D. Floyd II
Associate

Samuel D. Floyd II joined HCR as an Associate in 2015. Previously, he worked in the Financial Sponsors Group of the J.P. Morgan Private Bank where he advised senior private equity professionals regarding their investing, banking, credit, and estate planning needs. Mr. Floyd holds a B.S., magna cum laude, from the Sybil C. Mobley School of Business at Florida A&M University.








 Copyright © 2017  HealthCare Royalty Partners | Disclaimer
Follow us:   













Todd C. Davis: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 8:41 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of HealthCare Royalty Partners



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Todd C. Davis  Co-Founder and Managing Partner, HealthCare Royalty PartnersAgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 3 Board Members in 3 different organizations across 8 different industries.See Board Relationships56--
Background

		Mr. Todd C. Davis serves as Managing Director at Suneva Medical, Inc. Mr. Davis serves as a Managing Director at Cowen Group, Inc. Mr. Davis is a Co-Founder since January 2007 and Managing Partner at Healthcare Royalty Partners. Mr. Davis was a Founding Managing Director at Healthcare Royalty Partners in and spearheads it's global business development efforts and coordinates it's public relations activities. Mr. Davis was a Partner at Paul Capital Partners where he co-managed ... that firm's royalty investments. He was responsible for sourcing and evaluating royalty and revenue-interest investment opportunities in the United States. Mr. Davis focused primarily on United States biopharmaceutical investments and led investment efforts in public companies and private companies, as well as equity, debt and royalty structures within that arena. He has led, structured and closed over 40 additional intellectual property licenses, as well as growth equity and debt deals. He has played a pivotal role in sourcing, evaluating and negotiating United States life science investment opportunities. He was a Partner of healthcare team at Apax Partners LLP since 2002, where Mr. Davis was responsible for sourcing, evaluating and negotiating pharmaceutical, life science, biopharmaceutical growth equity investments. He joined Apax Partners Healthcare Team in 2002. He pursued investments in pharmaceuticals and specialty pharmaceuticals. Mr. Davis served as the Vice President of Global Licensing and Business Development at Elan Drug Delivery. In this role, he was responsible for all business aspects of Elan’s drug delivery technologies including clinical marketing, licensing and product development. Prior to beginning his principal investment career in 2001, Mr. Davis was at Abbott Laboratories as a Product Manager for Diagnostic Automation Systems and worked in field of sales and was also in the launch team for several breakthrough diagnostic products. He is Chairman of Suneva Medical, Inc. since August 4, 2016. He served as Vice Chairman of Suneva Medical, Inc. until August 4, 2016. He is a Board Observer at TearScience. He serves as Chairman of the Board of Helomics Corporation and serves as Director since November 2014. He serves on the Board of AcuFocus. Mr. Davis has been an Independent Director at Ligand Pharmaceuticals Incorporated since March 1, 2007. Shore Therapeutics, Nuron Biotech and Suneva Medical, Inc. He served as Chairman at Suneva Medical, Inc. He served as a Director of Sheffield Pharmaceuticals, Verus Pharmaceuticals, Prism Pharmaceuticals, Prometheus Laboratories, Sensys Medical Inc., and SkinMedica, Inc. Mr. Davis served for several years as an Officer in the United States Navy, initially as a Naval Aviator and subsequently in the surface fleet. He has expertise in the commercial, operational and licensing aspects of potential investments. Mr. Davis has more than 18 years of experience in marketing, operational management and technology licensing. He has a global reach and deep experience in commercializing healthcare technologies. Mr. Davis has earned an M.B.A. from the Harvard Business School and a BS from the United States Naval Academy at Annapolis.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
300 Atlantic StreetStamford, Connecticut 06901United StatesPhone: 203-487-8300Fax: 203-487-8330
Board Members Memberships
ChairmanSuneva Medical, Inc.2007-PresentIndependent DirectorLigand Pharmaceuticals Incorporated2014-PresentChairman of The BoardHelomics Corporation
Education
MBA Harvard Business SchoolBS United States Naval Academy
Other Affiliations
Apax Partners LLPSensys Medical, Inc.Ligand Pharmaceuticals IncorporatedHelomics CorporationPrometheus Laboratories Inc.Paul CapitalAbbott LaboratoriesElan Corporation LimitedSheffield Pharmaceuticals Inc.Harvard Business SchoolSkinMedica, Inc.Paul Royalty Fund II, L.P.United States Naval AcademyArtes Medical, Inc.Prism Pharmaceuticals, Inc.Verus Pharmaceuticals, Inc.Cowen Group, Inc.Paul Royalty Fund III, L.P.HealthCare Royalty Partners, L.P.Suneva Medical, Inc.


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
				There is no Total Compensation data available.
			



Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact HealthCare Royalty Partners, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close






























Meet the Team | Buckhead Cosmetic Dentist | Dr. Todd Davis
























































HOME
COSMETIC DENTISTRY

Porcelain Veneers
Dental Bonding
Teeth Whitening


TMJ TREATMENT

TMJ Symptoms
TMJ Therapy


RESTORATIVE DENTISTRY

Dental Implants
Dental Crowns
Inlays/Onlays
Full-Mouth Restoration
Dentures


GENERAL DENTISTRY

Exams and Screenings
Teeth Cleaning
White Fillings
Extractions
Periodontal Therapy
Sleep Apnea
Oral Sedation


MEET THE TEAM

Dr. Todd Davis
Thelma Allen
Getta Gavrila
Diana Rasa


ABOUT US

Office Tour
Map/Directions
Financing Options













300 West Wieuca Road Atlanta  Georgia  30342 
New Patients
404-900-7668

Current Patients
404-255-7500








{Smile Gallery}
{Ask Dr. Davis}
{Blog}



Request An Appointment 











NAME*


ADDRESS


PHONE


EMAIL*













MEET THE TEAM
at the Buckhead Dental Practice of Todd Davis, DDS
  



At our practice, we take your care very personally. We value each and every one of our patients, and take the time to get to know each individual. We’re not here to just fill a cavity and send you on your way. We’re here to help you enjoy the best dental health possible. We build relationships with our patients, and we’ll be here for you when you need us.
< Oral Sedation
Meet Dr. Todd Davis >



 










300 West Wieuca Road   Atlanta   GA   30342
New Patients: 404-900-7668
Current Patients: 404-255-7500
email. todddavisdds@bellsouth.net
©Todd C. Davis, DDS
Accessibility



Log in




















LGND Todd C. Davis Insider Trades for Ligand Pharmaceuticals Inc.


































Bulletin

U.S. employment costs up 0.5% in second quarter »
        

U.S. economic-growth rate picks up; second-quarter GDP: 2.6% »
            




Investor Alert







New York Markets Open in:



Market Snapshot
Analyst Ratings


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Ligand Pharmaceuticals Inc.

                  NASDAQ: LGND
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Ligand Pharmaceuticals Inc.



After Hours
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 27, 2017, 4:58 p.m.


LGND

/quotes/zigman/1626750/composite


$
121.64




Change

-0.01
-0.01%

Volume
Volume 6,314
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/1626750/composite
Previous close

$
			123.54
		


$
				121.65
			
Change

-1.89
-1.53%





Day low
Day high
$120.40
$123.81










52 week low
52 week high

            $87.50
        

            $139.79
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




Todd C. Davis



Mr. Todd C. Davis is Independent Director at Ligand Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Founder at Healthcare Royalty Management LLC and Chairman at Helomics Corp. He is on the Board of Directors at Ligand Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Suneva Medical, Inc. 
Mr. Davis was previously employed as a Managing Director by Cowen Group, Inc., Partner by Paul Capital Partners LP and by Apax Partners, Inc., a Product Manager by Abbott Laboratories, and a Vice President by Elan Pharmaceuticals, Inc. He also served on the board at Artes Medical, Inc. and Verus Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
Mr. Davis is a former US naval officer and holds a BS from the US Naval Academy and an MBA in Business from the Harvard University Graduate School of Business.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value





05/25/2017
666


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


12/28/2016
48


 
Gift at $0 per share.


0


10/31/2016
3,312


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $67.53 per share.


223,659


10/31/2016
7,335


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $32.3 per share.


236,920


10/31/2016
3,333


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $53.34 per share.


177,782


05/23/2016
188


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


05/23/2016
622


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


12/07/2015
50


 
Gift at $0 per share.


0


08/06/2015
7,335


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $12.53 per share.


91,907


08/06/2015
7,335


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $10.12 per share.


74,230


08/06/2015
2,500


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $8.58 per share.


21,450


08/06/2015
2,500


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $17.88 per share.


44,700


04/24/2015
501


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


04/24/2015
925


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


06/04/2014
666


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


06/04/2014
1,151


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


03/19/2014
5,000


 
Disposition at $79.63 per share.


398,150


03/18/2014
2,500


 
Disposition at $79.45 per share.


198,625


06/11/2013
1,393


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


06/11/2013
2,925


 
Award at $0 per share.


0





        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Mr. John L. Higgins 
Chief Executive Officer & Director




Mr. Matthew W. Foehr 
President & Chief Operating Officer




Mr. Matthew E. Korenberg 
CFO, Principal Accounting Officer & VP-Finance




Dr. Vincent  Antle 
VP-Technical Operations & Quality Assurance




Dr. James D. Pipkin 
Vice President-New Product Development




Mr. Glenn  Dourado 
Senior Director-Business Development




Mr. Todd  Pettingill 
Investor Relations Contact




Ms. Audrey  Warfield-Graham 
Vice President-Human Resources




Mr. Charles S. Berkman 
Secretary, Vice President & General Counsel




Dr. John W. Kozarich 
Chairman




Mr. Todd C. Davis 
Independent Director




Mr. Jason M. Aryeh 
Independent Director




Dr. John L. LaMattina 
Independent Director




Mr. Sunil  Patel 
Independent Director




Dr. Stephen L. Sabba 
Independent Director









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




8:41 AM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Pre


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
8:39aChevron swings to profit as charges shrink
8:39aU.S. GDP speeds up to 2.6% in 2nd quarter 
8:37aChevron's stock slips 0.1% premarket after Q2 results
8:36aMcConnell blames Democrats after health-care loss | House approves border-wall money     
8:35aChevron Q2 revenue $33 bln vs. $28 bln a year ago; FactSet consensus $33 bln
8:34aChevron Q2 FactSet EPS consensus 86 cents
8:34aChevron Q2 EPS includes charges of $430 mln and gains from asset sales of $160 mln
8:33a30-year Treasury yield down by 0.8 basis point to 2.919%
8:32aS&P 500 futures down 0.2% at 2,467
8:32aBREAKINGU.S. stock futures trim losses after GDP data
8:32aNasdaq-100 futures down 0.6% at 5,872
8:32aDow futures off 0.1% at 21,720
8:32a10-year Treasury yield down by 0.9 basis point to 2.306%.
8:32aChevron Q2 EPS 77 cents vs. per-share loss 78 cents
8:32a2-year Treasury yield down by 2 basis points to 1.347%
8:32aAugust gold rises 0.2% at $1,263/oz.
8:31aTreasury yields tick lower after second-quarter GDP data
8:31aBREAKINGGold climbs after first read of second-quarter GDP 
8:31aHPE CEO Meg Whitman says she won’t be Uber’s next CEO
8:31aU.S. dollar holds weakness following GDP data
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,796.55

+85.54
+0.39%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,382.19

-40.56
-0.63%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,475.42

-2.41
-0.10%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15

























































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











TODD C DAVIS - NEW PHILADELPHIA, OH - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



OH



NEW PHILADELPHIA



Business Services, Nec



Business Services At Non-commercial Site



                            TODD C DAVIS
                                    



 





















T 


TODD C DAVIS
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



3024 BOLTZ RD SE NEW PHILADELPHIA, OH 44663
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded 2004
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $71,000.00
 Employee Count 1
 Industries Business Services At Non-commercial Site
 Contacts TODD DAVIS







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Todd C Davis was founded in 2004, and is located at 3024 Boltz Rd Se in New Philadelphia. It employs 1 employees and is generating approximately $71,000.00 in annual revenue. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







T

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
















TODD C DAVIS - RIVERSIDE, CA - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



CA



RIVERSIDE



Nonclassifiable Establishments



Nonclassifiable Establishments



                            TODD C DAVIS
                                    



 





















T 


TODD C DAVIS
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



8304 LIMONITE AVE RIVERSIDE, CA 92509
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded 2010
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue --
 Employee Count --
 Industries Nonclassifiable Establishments
 Contacts --






Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 2010 the company has been providing Nonclassifiable Establishments. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







T

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com







Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.



















 





TODD C. DAVIS - Suneva Medical
























































 



















info@sunevamedical.com+1 888-278-3345
FacebookLinkedinYouTube



 











Suneva Medical
Exceptional Aesthetics Results and Enduring Patient Satisfaction

Exceptional Aesthetics Results and Enduring Patient Satisfaction














TODD C. DAVISYou are here:HomeTeammateTODD C. DAVIS











Todd Davis is a Founding Managing Director at HealthCare Royalty Partners. Mr. Davis has been involved in over $2 billion in healthcare principal investments including sourcing, conducting due diligence, and closing more than $1 billion in royalty financings. Mr. Davis has led, structured, and closed over 40 additional intellectual property licenses, as well as growth equity, and debt deals. Before co-founding HealthCare Royalty Partners, Mr. Davis was a Partner at Paul Capital Partners, where he co-managed royalty investments as a member of the royalty management committee. Mr. Davis also served as a Partner, responsible for biopharmaceutical growth equity investments at Apax Partners. Prior to beginning his principal investment career in 2001, Mr. Davis held various sales and product management roles at Abbott Laboratories and worked in business development, operations, and licensing at Elan Pharmaceuticals. Mr. Davis has a B.S. from the U.S. Naval Academy and an M.B.A. from Harvard University. Mr. Davis currently serves on the boards of Helomics Corporation, Ligand, and Suneva Medical.




 



News





              SUNEVA MEDICAL CELEBRATES 10 YEARS OF STEADY GROWTH WITH FLAGSHIP BRAND, BELLAFILL            







              AESTHETICS INDUSTRY VETERAN PAT ALTAVILLA JOINS SUNEVA MEDICAL AS  VICE PRESIDENT OF MARKETING            







              SUNEVA APPOINTS PRESTON ROMM TO CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND FORTIFIES BOARD OF DIRECTORS WITH INDUSTRY LEADERS            







              PRESTON ROMM JOINS SUNEVA MEDICAL AS CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER            







              SUNEVA MEDICAL CLOSES $25 MILLION FINANCING TO SUPPORT CONTINUED GROWTH OPPORTUNITIES            







              SUNEVA MEDICAL RECOGNIZES JUNE ACNE AWARENESS MONTH AND REVEALS RESULTS OF NEW ACNE SCAR SURVEY            







              SUNEVA MEDICAL ANNOUNCES LANDMARK CLINICAL STUDY CONFIRMING LONG-TERM SAFETY AND EFFECTIVENESS OF BELLAFILL® THROUGH FIVE YEARS (FDA)            




 



















 





Team Archive - Suneva Medical





















































 



















info@sunevamedical.com+1 888-278-3345
FacebookLinkedinYouTube



 











Suneva Medical
Exceptional Aesthetics Results and Enduring Patient Satisfaction

Exceptional Aesthetics Results and Enduring Patient Satisfaction














Archives:You are here:HomeTeammate

































































