

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version
















Davis Capital Corporation






 














home



firm overview
Clients
Technical Capabilities
Davis Capital Professionals
Careers


client services
Global Capabilities
Maximizing Value
Transactions


contact

 















 

 
 





















©2006 Davis Capital Corporation | Privacy Statement | Terms of Use | Site Map


 










Davis Capital Corporation - Firm Overview - Professional Profiles





 














home



firm overview
Clients
Technical Capabilities
Davis Capital Professionals
Careers


client services
Global Capabilities
Maximizing Value
Transactions


contact
























 





 






































 


 














Clients


                 An investment bank is built upon its clients.  The relationships we maintain are at the core of our business.  We firmly believe that every client deserves first-rate attention to detail and client service, whether they be a major public corporation, a premier provider of private equity capital or a family-run business.  We know that you demand the highest quality from yourself and you should demand nothing less from your banker. 
				  

Capital Providers
				  
				  Davis Capital maintains significant relationships with many of the nation's leading capital providers, including premier private equity funds, distinguished senior and subordinated lenders, mezzanine funds and other major institutional investors, including hedge funds, insurance companies, and venture capital funds of all sizes. 
				  

Public Companies
				  
				  Davis Capital professionals have worked with some of the largest and most respected public corporations in the world on a wide variety of transactions.  We have advised on assignments ranging from traditional mergers and acquisitions to carve-outs, restructurings and capital structure advisory assignments.  We have access to a wide variety of capital sources, and we run full-fledged and professional processes for our public clients. 
				  

Private Companies
			Davis Capital is experienced with the problems unique to private and family-owned companies, and can clarify the sometimes confusing world of capital alternatives. We will work with you to identify options, derive valuation and execute a plan that is right for your company-including, at times, no plan at all. We believe that doing what is right for our clients often means postponing transactions or examining alternatives that other advisors may not be willing to consider. The best client is the client who understands that their advisor's work is truly on their behalf.
				   
			
				  







©2006 Davis Capital Corporation | Privacy Statement | Terms of Use | Site Map


 










Davis Capital Corporation - Firm Overview - Professional Profiles





 














home



firm overview
Clients
Technical Capabilities
Davis Capital Professionals
Careers


client services
Global Capabilities
Maximizing Value
Transactions


contact
























 





 






































 


 














Professionals

                  Our professionals adhere to the highest standards.  We believe that a banker's first responsibility is to his or her client, and that clients must be able to rely on their bankers for clear, direct and unbiased advice regardless of the potential fee available.  Our strategic team comprises an array of talent that can help answer any financial question.  Please click on the personal links to view the professional profiles of some of the more senior members of our firm.

Process Driven
                  Our professionals leverage long-standing personal relationships as well as up-to-date market reconnaissance to identify the most appropriate potential partners and acquisition targets.  We offer our clients well-organized, logically constructed and tightly scheduled M&A and corporate finance processes that ensure the maximum probability of success. 
                  
  

Relationship Focus 
                  We view every new client as a long term relationship.  Our time horizon stretches years, not weeks and months.  Our objective is to help guide our clients to grow their businesses and achieve maximum success, and to assist in transaction and corporate finance advice along the way.  We take care to avoid conflicts of interest and provide only the highest quality advice-after all; our reputation is our greatest asset.  We firmly believe that your success is our inspiration! 
                  
  

Connected
                  Professionals at Davis Capital stay at the leading edge of M&A and Corporate Finance developments by regularly speaking at and participating in national conferences hosted by leading industry and professional organizations dedicated to investment banking related topics. Please click on the links below to find out more about these organizations and their upcoming conferences. If you would like to have one of our professionals speak at your next event, please contact our Director of Corporate Development using the CONTACT US section of this site. 
  













































©2006 Davis Capital Corporation | Privacy Statement | Terms of Use | Site Map


 










Davis Capital Corporation - Firm Overview - Professional Profiles





 














home



firm overview
Clients
Technical Capabilities
Davis Capital Professionals
Careers


client services
Global Capabilities
Maximizing Value
Transactions


contact
























 





 






































 


 














Firm Overview

Davis Capital is a transaction driven investment banking firm focusing on creating, initiating, negotiating, structuring, and executing mergers, acquisitions, divestitures, management buyouts, leveraged buyouts and a wide range of complex capital raising projects. 
				  

 
Davis Capital utilizes a unique combination of resources, experience, and technical expertise provides clients with a comprehensive array of sophisticated execution capabilities. Davis Capital tailors these capabilities to custom fit the particular needs of each client to produce inspiring results. Our clients include capital providers, private companies and public companies, among others.
				  












©2006 Davis Capital Corporation | Privacy Statement | Terms of Use | Site Map


 



















Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.









						  Davis Capital Partners Has Decreased Servisfirst Bancshares (SFBS) Position, Maxlinear (MXL)’s Sentiment Is 0.86								







 


 
























 


























Stock News
Market News
Trending Stock News
Penny Stock News






Davis Capital Partners Has Decreased Servisfirst Bancshares (SFBS) Position, Maxlinear (MXL)’s Sentiment Is 0.86

July 24, 2017 - By Ellis Scott

MaxLinear, Inc. is a provider of radio frequency and mixed-signal integrated circuits for cable and satellite broadband communications and the connected home, and wired and wireless infrastructure markets. The company has market cap of $1.73 billion. The Company’s RF receiver products capture and process digital and analog broadband signals to be decoded for various applications. It has a 36.97 P/E ratio. These products include both RF receivers and RF receiver systems-on-chip (SoCs), which incorporate its radio system architecture and the functionality necessary to receive and demodulate broadband signals, modem solutions, and physical medium devices that provide a constant current source, current-to-voltage regulation, and data alignment and retiming functionality in optical interconnect applications.
Davis Capital Partners Llc decreased Servisfirst Bancshares Inc (SFBS) stake by 24.88% reported in 2016Q4 SEC filing. Davis Capital Partners Llc sold 69,032 shares as Servisfirst Bancshares Inc (SFBS)’s stock declined 16.77%. The Davis Capital Partners Llc holds 208,425 shares with $7.80M value, down from 277,457 last quarter. Servisfirst Bancshares Inc now has $1.89 billion valuation. The stock rose 0.44% or $0.16 reaching $36.37. About 36,445 shares traded. ServisFirst Bancshares, Inc. (NASDAQ:SFBS) has risen 42.22% since July 24, 2016 and is uptrending. It has outperformed by 25.52% the S&P500.







Among 4 analysts covering ServisFirst Bancshares (NASDAQ:SFBS), 0 have Buy rating, 1 Sell and 3 Hold. Therefore 0 are positive. ServisFirst Bancshares had 10 analyst reports since August 25, 2015 according to SRatingsIntel. Raymond James downgraded the shares of SFBS in report on Monday, October 5 to “Outperform” rating. The firm earned “Market Perform” rating on Tuesday, October 18 by Hovde Group. The stock of ServisFirst Bancshares, Inc. (NASDAQ:SFBS) has “Market Perform” rating given on Tuesday, October 18 by Raymond James. The firm has “Hold” rating given on Thursday, October 1 by Sandler O’Neill. The stock of ServisFirst Bancshares, Inc. (NASDAQ:SFBS) earned “Underperform” rating by Hovde Group on Friday, November 18. As per Wednesday, July 19, the company rating was maintained by Stephens. The firm has “Underperform” rating by Hovde Group given on Tuesday, January 31. As per Tuesday, August 25, the company rating was upgraded by Raymond James. The stock has “Market Perform” rating by Hovde Group on Tuesday, October 13.
 About 161,509 shares traded. MaxLinear, Inc. (MXL) has risen 63.31% since July 24, 2016 and is uptrending. It has outperformed by 46.61% the S&P500.
Since January 1, 0001, it had 0 insider purchases, and 11 sales for $8.37 million activity. 
Ratings analysis reveals 100% of MaxLinear’s analysts are positive. Out of 2 Wall Street analysts rating MaxLinear, 2 give it “Buy”, 0 “Sell” rating, while 0 recommend “Hold”. The lowest target is $22.5 while the high is $28.0. The stock’s average target of $25.25 is -5.32% below today’s ($26.67) share price. MXL was included in 2 notes of analysts from November 8, 2016. The stock of MaxLinear, Inc. (NYSE:MXL) earned “Buy” rating by Needham on Tuesday, November 8. The firm has “Buy” rating given on Friday, December 9 by Benchmark.
Analysts await MaxLinear, Inc. (NYSE:MXL) to report earnings on August, 8 after the close. They expect $0.23 EPS, down 46.51% or $0.20 from last year’s $0.43 per share. MXL’s profit will be $14.92 million for 28.99 P/E if the $0.23 EPS becomes a reality. After $0.28 actual EPS reported by MaxLinear, Inc. for the previous quarter, Wall Street now forecasts -17.86% negative EPS growth. 


Receive News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings with our FREE daily email newsletter.












 




Free Email Newsletter Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for your stocks with our free daily email newsletter:






  Recent Posts 

$0.13 EPS Expected for Sportsman’s Warehouse Holdings (SPWH); Codorus Valley Bancorp (CVLY) Sellers Decreased By 12.73% Their Shorts


Sabby Management Raised Its Medicines Co (MDCO) Stake, Everbank Financial (EVER) Sentiment Is 1.24


Dream Industrial REIT (TSE:DIR.UN) Had Its Price Target Raises by Equity Research Analysts at Eight Capital to $9.00; Unifi (UFI) Sentiment Is 1.78


Analysts See $0.38 EPS for Hormel Foods (HRL), Santander Consumer USA Holdings (SC) Sentiment Is 1.22


Annex Advisory Services Raised Abbvie (ABBV) Holding By $434,620, Cutera (CUTR) Sellers Increased By 12.24% Their Shorts


EPS for Gap (GPS) Expected At $0.52, Laurion Capital Management LP Has Boosted By $40.95 Million Its General Mtrs Co (Put) (GM) Holding


Emerging Sovereign Group Lowered 58 Com (WUBA) Position; J Goldman & Company LP Lowered Its Golar Lng LTD Bermuda (GLNG) Holding


$0.90 EPS Expected for America’s Car-Mart, Inc. (CRMT); Castine Capital Management Decreased By $3.81 Million Its First Bancorp P R (FBP) Stake


Fortress Transprtn and Infr Investrs (FTAI) Reaches $16.51 After 8.00% Up Move, Standard Motor Products Has 1.46 Sentiment


Echo Street Capital Management Decreased Its Sba Communications (SBAC) Stake, ARRIS International plc (ARRS) Covered By 10 Bullish Analysts Last Week






© Copyright 2015-2017 Huron Report










Get the Next Big Winner in your inbox Before the Bell

Lists*Consumer Eagle



>






















Davis Capital Partners, LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 7:20 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Davis Capital Partners, LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Davis Capital Partners, LLC is an employee owned hedge fund manager. The firm primarily provides its services to pooled investment vehicles. It invests in public equity markets. The firm employs fundamental analysis to make its investments. It invests in the financial services sector. Davis Capital Partners, LLC was founded in April 2008 and is based in Sausalito, California.


3 Harbor DriveSuite 301Sausalito, CA 94965United StatesFounded in 2008



Phone: 415-362-3600

Fax: 415-362-3617

www.daviscapitalpartners.com







Key Executives for Davis Capital Partners, LLC




Mr. Lansing Alden Davis


      	Managing Member and Chief Compliance Officer
      








Mr. Michael Blanchard


      	Investment Analyst
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Davis Capital Partners, LLC, please visit www.daviscapitalpartners.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close
































 Davis Capital Advisors, LLC





































Home
Investment Services

Wealth Management
Alternative Investments
Clearance and Custody
Investor Rights and Responsibilities
Investor Education
Account Protection Coverage


Retail Brokerage – Investment Services
Client Login
Career Opportunities

Financial Advisor, Wealth Management
Vice President, Wealth Management
Hedge Fund Sales


Contact Us



















Home
At Davis Capital Advisors LLC, we look at each of our client’s financial status and deliver a comprehensive plan to meet their needs. We take complex objectives and create a customized portfolio solution that can be easily understood and executed. This personalized interaction reflects our commitment to each client. Our Mission is to build successful long term relationships with each individual client to help them meet their financial goals. 











Links

Bloomberg
Davis Capital Management, LLC
Davis Securites LLC
Home
SEC
SIPC




















Copyright © 2009 Davis Capital Advisors, LLC 	· Legal Disclosure

         · Privacy Policy
        
         · Contact Us








Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











DAVIS FAMILY CAPITAL PARTNERS, LLC - SAN JUAN CAPISTRANO, CA - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



CA



SAN JUAN CAPISTRANO



Investors, Nec



Investors, Nec



                            DAVIS FAMILY CAPITAL PARTNERS, LLC
                                    



 





















D 


DAVIS FAMILY CAPITAL PARTNERS, LLC
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



28302 CAMINO LA RONDA SAN JUAN CAPISTRANO, CA 92675
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded 2009
 Incorporated CA
 Annual Revenue $130,000.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries Investors, Nec
 Contacts JOSEPH I DAVIS






Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 2009 the company has been providing Investors, Nec. Davis Family Capital Partners, Llc is incorporated in California, has 2 employees and estimated revenues of $130,000.00. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







D

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com







Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
















Davis Capital Partners LLC: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback
























davis capital partners llc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Wealth Management
Davis Capital Partners, LLC provides wealth management services. The Company offers investment advisory services to pooled investment vehicles. Davis Capital Partners serves customers in the State of California.




Corporate Information
Address:

3 Harbor Drive
Suite 301
Sausalito, CA 94965
United States


Phone:
1-415-362-3600


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.daviscapitalpartners.com























From The Web











Key Executives


Lansing Alden Davis


Chief Compliance Ofcr/Mng Member







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data










































Davis Capital Partners, LLC - Home









































Main Menu

HomeContact Us


Login







Username











Password							






Remember Me 



Log in





					Create an account 



Forgot your username?



Forgot your password?





 













	Davis Capital Partners employs a fundamental research driven investment strategy to pursue investment opportunities in the financial services sector. The firm was founded during the credit crises of 2008.

	Federal regulations limit access to the information posted on this site to accredited investors and people we have a pre-existing relationship with. In order to access any content, you must be a qualified user. Please click Register to obtain a password or log in on the right. The information and materials contained herein do not constitute an offer or solicitation to subscribe for or purchase any securities in any jurisdiction.














Davis Capital Partners, LLC | Wealthminder











































Davis Capital Partners, LLC


Davis Capital Partners, LLC
(CRD# 161279) is a financial advisory firm headquartered in
Sausalito, CA.
They
manage $508,827,508 in 1 accounts and
serve the financial needs of clients across 1 states (or territories).




Current Firm Details



Davis Capital Partners, LLC




3 Harbor Drive, Suite 301,
Sausalito,
CA
94965
415-362-3600
http://www.daviscapitalpartners.com




http://www.daviscapitalpartners.com







By the Numbers






Total Assets Under Management

509
MILLION



Total Number of Accounts

1
ACCOUNTS



Average Account Value

$508,827,508







Compensation Options




A percentage of assets under your management
Performance-based fees






Advisory Services Offered




Portfolio management for pooled investment vehicles (other than investment companies)








Types of Clients










Registered States






Registered Investment Advisor


Advisors affiliated with a RIA are permitted to work with up to five clients in nearly-all states* without explicit registration. The map below shows states where this firm has explicit registration only.




CA






Financial Advisors at Davis Capital Partners, LLC








No Advisor Found.








Our primary data source is public filings of Form ADV as published by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and made available in accordance with the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA). Supplementary information may be provided by listed advisors or their representatives.
Because many firms provide a variety of products or services, an individual may or may not be registered to operate under all services provided by the firm.Do not rely solely on the information on this page. The information may be inaccurate, incomplete or outdated. For the most accurate and up-to-date information, please search for the firm or individual on the SEC site at
http://www.adviserinfo.sec.gov/IAPD/Content/Search/iapd_Search.aspx







Ready to hire a financial advisor?

Get competitive proposals from multiple advisors.

















Request Proposals























Timeout!



You have been idle and will be logged out in

seconds.


Stay Logged In
Log Out Now


















Davis Capital Corporation - Firm Overview - Professional Profiles





 














home



firm overview
Clients
Technical Capabilities
Davis Capital Professionals
Careers


client services
Global Capabilities
Maximizing Value
Transactions


contact





























 


 


 














Contact






 
 
 


Name:
 



Company:
 



Phone: 
 



Email:
 



Comments:
 




 
 


 
 









Davis Capital

                        200 South Wacker Drive

                        31st Floor

                        Chicago, Illinois 60606 

                        T 312.623.4500

                        F 312.623.4501 

						
















Davis Capital Corporation - Firm Overview - Professional Profiles





 














home



firm overview
Clients
Technical Capabilities
Davis Capital Professionals
Careers


client services
Client Services
Global Capabilities
Maximizing Value
Transactions


contact


 



















 





 






































 


 














Careers

Analysts

Davis Capital recruits for its analyst program only the most capable individuals who are willing to undertake the challenging nature of the firms work and meet the high standards of our clients. We seek candidates with outstanding analytical capabilities, excellent commercial understanding, strong interpersonal and communication skills, integrity, initiative, motivation, commitment and the ability to work as part of a team in a fast-paced, intellectual environment.
				  

Davis Capital provides its Analysts with the relevant training to build a strong foundation in the skills necessary for a successful career in investment banking. Davis Capital also offers Summer Analyst opportunities for undergraduates in the summer before their senior year.
				  

The majority of Analysts time is spent executing transactions with a small, focused team of professionals in the areas of mergers and acquisitions and corporate finance advisory. An Analyst position at Davis Capital provides a unique exposure to senior professionals. The skills that the training program provides are continually developed by the experience of working with senior professionals across a wide array of assignments.
				  

Interviews for Analysts are typically conducted in the Fall, Summer Analyst recruiting occurs in the Spring. Applicants interested in either position are encouraged to submit a cover letter and resume to careers@daviscapital.com.
				  

Experienced Hires


We encourage qualified industry professionals to consider applying to Davis Capital. We believe that Davis Capital offers a higher-quality and more focused investment banking experience as well as the opportunity to gain experience and learn quickly. We seek individuals who not only have an exceptional track record in investment banking or in other professional service firms, but also exhibit outstanding personal qualities as well. 
				  


If you feel that you meet these criteria, we would welcome your application. All inquiries will be treated in absolute confidence. Applicants are encouraged to submit a cover letter and resume to careers@daviscapital.com.
				  








©2006 Davis Capital Corporation | Privacy Statement | Terms of Use | Site Map


 










Davis Capital Corporation - Firm Overview - Professional Profiles





 














home



firm overview
Clients
Technical Capabilities
Davis Capital Professionals
Careers


client services
Global Capabilities
Maximizing Value
Transactions


contact
























 





 






































 


 














Technical Capabilities

        
                Davis Capital's technical capabilities meet and exceed expectations at every level. We are proficient in all of the valuation exercises typically performed at large investment banks, but add to these expert design and execution of custom models incorporating the leading edge of valuation techniques. This technical precision affords our clients the opportunity to run unlimited sensitivity analysis on financial projections, stress-test assumptions, gauge the immediate impact on returns from multiple transaction structures and ultimately determine the optimal capital structure for a company or transaction. 
				  

Market Approach
				  
				 Davis Capital uses a market approach to valuation that incorporates comparable public company and comparable transaction analyses. In the current market environment, proper selection criteria are key to a market valuation. Failure to closely examine comparable groups can result in a value that does not represent the Company. We rely upon our intimate knowledge of specific companies and transactions to help inform our comparable group selection criteria and to eliminate those that are not representative of your business. 
				  

The Income Approach
				  
				 
				 Davis Capital relies on several common income models to derive valuations, including discounted cash flow analysis ("DCF"), capitalization of earnings and leveraged buyout analysis ("LBO"), as well as values based on book values or adjusted book values. No single approach is appropriate for all clients in all circumstances, and we make clear in our discussion of outputs what inputs were used to derive our valuations. These inputs are selected in partnership with our clients and with an eye to what range of possibilities is best in the current market environment.
				 
				  
				  

Additional Approaches
				   
		We believe that every business is unique and that complex companies can often render simplistic valuation models puzzling at best. At Davis Capital, we are able to run and will consider esoteric approaches, including real option valuations, sum-of-the-parts analysis, Monte Carlo valuation and industry-specific metrics. We bring with us ample programming capabilities and a thorough understanding of risk and reward. The result is a more rigorous and technically thorough valuation analysis that incorporates a variety of methodologies for a more robust and supportable conclusion to enhance our transaction process. 
				  







©2006 Davis Capital Corporation | Privacy Statement | Terms of Use | Site Map


 






