



Dasmen Residential























Menu






Dasmen Residential










































About Us



							Dasmen Residential LLC is a privately held real estate investment firm that owns and operates multi-family properties in major cities throughout the United States. We make opportunistic investments in growth markets and employ a range of strategies to create value and sustain long term asset appreciation. We seek to continue exceeding our goal of providing outstanding risk adjusted returns to our partners and providing the best possible living experience in our communities. We have assembled the culture, philosophy, and skills necessary for this task: our time horizon, our capital base, experience, and our intellectual resources all reinforce our mission of being the best partner possible for investors, lenders, and residents.
						












Performance

										DASMEN utilizes a tireless hands on management approach to achieve outstanding success for its investors and exceptional service to its residents.
									









Perfection

										DASMEN relentlessly strives for perfection for each individual asset. We look to execute flawlessly on each acquisition, disposition and or refinance. DASMEN works efficiently with a drive towards operational perfection in implementation of the business strategy for each individual asset.
									









Integrity

										DASMEN's focus and determination are only matched by its integrity. From brokers to lenders, investors to vendors, and employees to residents, honesty and transparency is paramount to safeguarding the trust in the way DASMEN conducts its business.
									










Nashville










Birmingham







Durham




Charlotte
















Team






											Michael I. Katz

											Chief Executive Officer 





											Michael I. Katz is the Founder and Chief Executive Officer of DASMEN Residential LLC. An active real estate investor, owner and manager since 2009, Mr. Katz has been directly involved in the acquisition of over 5,000 multifamily units located in the Northeast, Southeast, Midwest and Carolinas.
										

											Mr. Katz specializes in directly overseeing the implementation of the value add strategies through operational and capital improvements. He has been personally involved in all aspects of acquisitions, dispositions and refinancing. In addition, he has overseen large interior rehab projects and major exterior renovations. His investments have shown a strong history of success in improving both the quality of life for the residents of its communities as well as substantially increasing the value of the assets for his investors and equity partners.
										

											At DASMEN, Mr. Katz looks to grow his new firm into one of the premier multifamily owner/operators in the US. He is looking to accomplish this by continuing to acquire true value add assets in prime locations and ensuring that the DNA of DASMEN is hands on management, a focus on the integration of technology within the day to day operations and a drive for excellence and perfection. Having closed over a half a billion dollars in Real Estate deals over the past several years, Mr. Katz is poised to lead his new firm with substantial multifamily experience and expertise.
										

											In his personal life, Mr. Katz is very involved in many well known charitable organizations locally and abroad. He strives to give back to his communities and looks to create new opportunities for a variety of causes.
										





											Joe Erblich

											Senior Vice President of Construction and Design 





											Joe Erblich is responsible for all of DASMEN’s construction and design. Mr. Erblich oversees every detail of the multiple Capital Improvement projects that DASMEN undertakes each year. He is directly involved with all contractors, sub-contractors, vendors, suppliers, architects and designers. Mr. Erblich has rapidly gained a stellar reputation throughout the Multi Family industry in delivering impressive results for both interior renovation programs as well as highly innovative and creative exterior projects. His ability to deliver these value add improvements to each asset far below market pricing has allowed DASMEN to set itself apart from other Real Estate Firms. Joe’s creativity and attention to detail has contributed to the success of DASMEN communities in allowing its Residents to enjoy living in unmatched quality.
										

											Prior to joining DASMEN, Joe acted as Senior Manager at Capital Investment Group, where he oversaw all daily operations and the company’s Portfolio. Mr Erblich is active in his local community and devotes a significant amount of his personal time to volunteer work.
										





											Allen Abraham

											Chief Technology Officer





											Mr. Abraham is responsible for all of DASMEN’s Technology and IT as well all Web and App Development Projects. Consistent with DASMEN’s vision to leverage advancements in technology as a driving force of its asset management, Allen spearheads DASMEN’s constant innovation and technology efficiencies. Additionally, Mr. Abraham designs and manages websites for all DASMEN communities and its resident portals. Mr. Abraham is also working on developing DASMEN proprietary software for numerous web “Apps” that will further enhance all aspects of operations for both its Residents and Investors.
										

											Previously, Allen worked at Shutterfly and Morgan and Morgan P.A. where he spent his time promoting simplicity, efficiency, and effectiveness of all products created, identifying customer requirements and translating them into realizable product features.
										





									Scott Kimbler

									Regional Vice President





									Scott currently serves as the Regional Vice President for Dasmen Residential and is responsible for overseeing all aspects of property operations for the Southern Region comprising of assets located in Alabama and Arizona. Scott has spent over twenty years in the multi-family industry gaining expertise in acquisitions, value add repositions and dispositions. Previously he was responsible for overseeing a diverse portfolio in the South East Region covering Georgia, Maryland, Baltimore, Alabama, North Carolina, South Carolina, Washington DC, Virginia, and Florida. Having started as a Leasing Associate in 1996 and advancing to the position of Regional Manager within 8 years, Scott has a unique and valued view of what the life of a "community" truly is. During his 21-year multi-family career, he has gained expertise in strategic sales, curriculum development, Fair Housing, Creating and Implementing Marketing Plans, Employee Turnover, Advertising Effectiveness and writing concise proforma budgets. Scott has served on the Board of Directors for both the Mobile Bay Area Apartment Association and the First Coast Apartment Association. Scott has also served as chairperson for numerous committees thought the South East Region. Scott currently holds his Certified Apartment Manager designation from the National Apartment Association, Certified Property Manager from the Institution of Real Estate Management and a Certified Leasing Professional designation.

								





											Keymon Dobbs

											Regional Maintenance Supervisor





											Keymon is our regional maintenance supervisor, guaranteeing that our units, grounds and amenities are kept in prime condition. Ensuring that Dasmen’s apartments are in full working order, keeping inventory of all supplies, scheduling & coordinating various vendors and more are all taken care of by Keymon. His duties also include managing his regions various maintenance staff as well as their their numerous responsibilities including HVAC, landscaping, plumbing and electrical work. He brings over ten years of technical experience to our team – solidifying that we are well equipped to cover any and every onsite situation with ease.
										







											Stephen J. Brickman, CPA

											Chief Financial Officer





											Mr. Brickman is responsible for DASMEN’s financial, accounting, reporting, and acquisition/financing underwriting functions. Prior to Dasmen, Mr. Brickman was with Lindsay Goldberg LLC, a $10 billion middle market private equity buyout firm, where he was responsible for accounting, tax, financial reporting and financial analysis. Prior to that, Mr. Brickman worked at PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC) serving clients focusing on private equity and other alternative asset classes within the asset management division. Mr. Brickman began his career at Bear Stearns Inc.
										

											Mr. Brickman received his Bachelor of Science Magna Cum Laude in Accounting from City University of New York – Brooklyn College and is a Certified Public Accountant. Mr. Brickman also serves on the Advisory Board of Directors for College Edge Inc., a nonprofit which assists underrepresented public high school students to attain a post-secondary education.
										





											Sean Landsberg
									
											Vice President of Operations 





											Mr. Landsberg manages a team of property and regional managers, leasing professionals, maintenance technicians and on-site maintenance supervisors for DASMEN’s portfolio.  Mr. Landsberg’s key responsibilities include oversight of day to day asset management, property operations & leasing, budgeting & expenses, as well as property reporting.  Mr. Landsberg works closely with the CEO regarding the development and execution of ownership strategy for the portfolio, and to ensure the investment objectives are met and surpassed with excellence.
										

											Prior to joining Dasmen, Mr. Landsberg worked as a regional manager for PF Holdings, a Newark NJ based real estate investment firm, overseeing the management and budgeting of over 1500 units across 3 Northeastern states. He reported directly to the company’s CEO and investment partners, and led a property management team for 6 multifamily residential investment properties.

										





											Katherine Grove


											Regional Manager





											Katherine is responsible for all facets of residential properties, including preparation of annual budgets, financial cash flow forecasting, profit and loss statements and management /marketing plans. Katherine develops and oversees proactive resident retention programs with our CEO and Vice President of Operations to ensure low turnover expense. Ms. Grove key focus is on portfolio management with an emphasis on superior customer relations.
										

											Katherine has built her property management career in North Carolina- highly experienced in the Charlotte, NC Market as well as the Eastern Carolina Market in Greenville, NC.  Prior to joining DASMEN, Katherine was a Multi-Site Senior Manager with Milestone Management - administrating 550 residential units in East Charlotte.  She managed capital improvements, including scope of work and job completion, as well as HR management, financial accountability and reporting, and leasing and renewal retention of the properties. Prior to Milestone Management, Katherine managed multiple properties with high-end luxury finishing’s with Fairfield Residential. Katherine gained her CAM Designation in January 2015 through the Greater Charlotte Apartment Association.

										





											Adina Hirsch

											Accounting Associate





											Adina Hirsch works in Dasmen’s accounting and reporting group. She works closely with our CFO Stephen, on maintaining Dasmen’s fiscal structure and plays a pivotal role in preparing our financial analysis and budgeting statements. Previously, Adina worked in the accounting group of Major Energy, a regional energy firm with real estate clients. Adina graduated Magna Cum Laude from CUNY Brooklyn College with a Bachelors degree in accounting.

										





											Mercedes Bentolila

											 Assistant Controller  





											Mercedes Bentolila is responsible for Dasmen’s day to day accounting, bookkeeping and accounts payable functions. Previously, Ms. Bentolila worked for VOM (Virtual Office Management service) reconciling accounts banking operations and general bookkeeping. Before that Ms. Bentolila spent time at Garden Trading Group, maintaining accounts for various properties as well as cash management. Ms. Bentolila received her Master’s degree in Management Information Systems and Database Management from The University of Illinois/Chicago.

										





											Joseph Gross

											 Marketing Manager





											Joseph is a proven marketing manager effective at delivering high-quality content for digital, traditional and social marketing. A high achiever who produces results individually, as well as part of a results-focused team, Joseph runs all of our social media sites with care and flair. He also works closely with our CTO Allen & VPO Sean on website development, marketing strategy and implementation. With previous experience at Relix Magazine, Get Peyd LLC and Hedgehog Entertainment - his Marketing and Advertising experience includes a broad spectrum of industries. Joseph graduated from CUNY, Queens College with a degree in Media and Music Literature & brings his creativity to Dasmen’s offices daily.

										














Contact







Full Name





Phone Number





Email Address






Enter Message Here






Submit Message















 




Full Portfolio | Taglich Private Equity 






























Home
Our Strategy
Portfolio

Full Portfolio
Current Portfolio
Public Portfolio
Exited Portfolio


Investment Criteria
Team

Investment Team
Operating Partners


Contact










Current Portfolio



CompanyDescription  IndustryStatus




Private Label SkinPLS is a private label and contract manufacturer of skin care, cosmeceutical, beauty and nutraceutical products offering direct-to-consumer fulfillment. PLS’s capabilities include formulation development, manufacturing, filling and bottling, packaging design, labeling, and fulfillment services.
Headquarters: St. Petersburg, Florida
Co-Investor: Southfield Mezzanine Capital
Skin CareCurrent



Hobbs Bonded FibersHobbs is a manufacturer of specialty nonwoven products for industrial and consumer applications, with a focus on the automotive and quilt batting markets. Hobbs operates seven manufacturing lines producing over 32 million pounds of synthetic and natural fiber annually.
Headquarters: Waco, Texas
Add-on Acquisitions:Quilters Dream (January 2016)
Co-Investor: Ironwood Capital
Nonwoven Manufacturer
Current



Basin Environmental Service TechnologiesBasin performs oilfield soil remediation and cleanup services for oil development and production companies in the Permian Basin. Basin focuses on assessing spill sites, sampling soil, collaborating with regulators to develop and approve treatment and cleanup plans, removing and in some cases treating contaminated soil and obtaining regulatory site closure approval.
Headquarters: Lovington, New Mexico
Add-on Acquisitions:Rice Environmental Consulting & Safety (January 2015)
Oil Industry ServicesCurrent



LigneticsLignetics is the leading manufacturer of premium wood pellets and Pres-to-Logs® fire logs used as a renewable fuel for home heating, in addition to manufacturing animal bedding, absorption products and barbeque wood pellets. Lignetics manufactures and distributes branded wood pellets from its three U.S. production facilities.
Headquarters: Sandpoint, Idaho
Add-on Acquisitions:
            Marth Companies (May 2017)
            Geneva Wood Fuels (September 2015)Bear Mountain Forest Products (January 2015)
Co-Investor: Gladstone Capital
Wood Pellets
Current



Mare Island Dry DockMIDD is a ship repair company that provides dry-docking and related repair services to large vessels on the West Coast. MIDD operates an 18+ acre facility fully equipped with two graving docks and extensive repair services. MIDD is a certified contractor to all military branches and also services the commercial community.
Headquarters: Vallejo, California
Ship RepairCurrent



Fiber-LineFiber-Line is a market leading manufacturer of high-performance, coated fibers in the U.S. with a growing international presence. Fiber-Line takes raw fiber and applies proprietary, innovative coatings in a specialized manufacturing process which includes twisting, winding and splicing to enhance the performance characteristics of the fiber for use in a variety of industries, including fiber optics, oil & gas, composites and industrial.
Headquarters: Hatfield, Pennsylvania
Co-Investor: Ironwood Capital
Coated Fibers Manufacturer
Current



Pinnacle Climate TechnologiesPinnacle develops, manufactures and distributes heating and ventilation solutions through commercial, industrial, agricultural, DIY and other retail channels throughout the world. With manufacturing in North America and Asia, Pinnacle serves a diverse customer base in over 25 countries, on every continent. With brands that include MASTER®, Schaefer®, Remington®, Pro-Temp®, Americ®, and Stanley®, Pinnacle is positioned as the global leader in industrial/construction heat, and portable ventilation products.
Headquarters: Sauk Rapids, Minnesota
Add-on Acquisitions:Schaefer Ventilation Equipment (October 2015)
Co-Investor: Spell Capital Mezzanine Partners
Heating & Cooling ProductsCurrent



Simkar CorporationSimkar is a manufacturer of linear and compact fluorescent, exit and emergency, HID and vandal resistant lighting fixtures for commercial, industrial and residential applications. Simkar's Kalco Subsidiary is located in Las Vegas, Nevada and Pampanga, Philippines and is focused on high-end, decorative residential markets as well as the contract hospitality and custom designs markets.
Headquarters: Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
Lighting Manufacturer
Current



National MoldingNational Molding is a global manufacturer of small, intricate injection molded plastic components and fasteners for a diverse range of world class customers. National Molding produces over 1 billion parts per year all utilizing highly engineered resins. National Molding has three primary manufacturing locations.
Headquarters: Miami Lakes, Florida
Add-on Acquisitions:Ven-Tel Plastics (January 2016)
            Dynaplas (February 2017)
Co-Investors: Calvert Street Capital Partners
Precision Engineered Plastics
Current



Defiance Metal Products DMP is a full-service metal stamper, fabricator and painter of medium volume components and assemblies for the military vehicle, commercial vehicle, construction equipment and agricultural equipment OE Markets. DMP manufactures out of four facilities.
Headquarters: Defiance, Ohio
Add-on Acquisitions:Medalist Laserfab (December 2009)
Co-Investors: John Hancock Life Insurance
Metal Fabrication
Current


Public Portfolio



CompanyDescription  IndustryStatus



Public Date: 2015
Unique FabricatingUFAB is a leader in the engineering and manufacture of multi-material foam, rubber, and plastic components utilized in noise, vibration and harshness, acoustical management, water and air sealing, decorative and other functional applications within the North American automotive and heavy-duty truck markets. UFAB manufactures out of ten facilities.
Headquarters: Auburn Hills, Michigan
Add-on Acquisitions:Intasco USA (April 2016)Great Lake Foam Technologies (August 2015)Chardan (February 2014)PrescoTech Industries (December 2013)
Co-Investor: Peninsula Capital
Auto & Industrial Component Manufacturer
Public


Public Date: 2014
BG StaffingBG Staffing is a temporary staffing platform that has aggregated several regional staffing brands including LTN Staffing, Milwaukee Temps, JNA Staffing, and BG Personnel, and is set to achieve scalable growth. LTN Staffing, Milwaukee Temps and JNA Staffing provide temporary employees for companies requiring light industrial and assembly workers in the Northern Illinois and Southern Wisconsin markets. BG Personnel is the dominant provider of front office and maintenance personnel to the multifamily industry in the state of Texas, with branch operations in Dallas, Arlington, Austin, San Antonio, and Houston.
Headquarters: Plano, Texas
Add-on Acquisitions:InStaff Holding Corporation (May 2013)American Partners Inc (December 2012)Extrinsic (December 2011)JNA Staffing (December 2011)BG Personnel Services (May 2010)
Co-Investors: Calvert Street Capital Partners & Brookside Pecks Capital Partners

Staffing
Public


Public Date: 2013
Air IndustriesAir Industries is an integrated manufacturer of aircraft structural parts and assemblies principally for prime contractors in the defense and aerospace industry. Air industries has evolved from an individual parts manufacturer to a manufacturer of subassemblies and an engineering integrator.
Headquarters: Hauppauge, New York
Add-on Acquisitions:Nassau Tool Works (May 2012)
Aircraft Parts Manufacturer
Public


Public Date: 2005
Orchids Paper ProductsOrchids is a manufacturer of tissue products, including private label bathroom tissues, paper towels and napkins, and has been successful in securing a market niche in serving the "extreme value" retail channel. Customers include discount retailers, grocery stores, grocery wholesalers and co-operatives, and convenience stores.
Headquarters: Tulsa, Oklahoma

Paper Manufacturer
Public


Exited Portfolio



CompanyDescription  IndustryStatus



Exit Date: 2015
Wholesale Floors (WFI)WFI is the largest provider, design and installer of commercial flooring projects in the state of Arizona. WFI serves a diverse customer base ranging from hospitals and schools to restaurants and sports stadiums with a focus on the education, healthcare, municipal and corporate sectors.
Headquarters: Phoenix, Arizona
Co-Investors: SPP Mezzanine Partners II

Commercial Flooring
Exit


Exit Date: 2014
ABC Peanut ButterABC manufactures peanut butter, peanut paste and other peanut by-products for a host of institutional and consumer markets. ABC also offers peanut blanching and roasting services. ABC was built as a custom blancher for the peanut industry serving many leading companies as a source of quality cleaned, blanched and sorted peanuts.
Headquarters: Fitzgerald, Georgia
Co-Investor: Ironwood Capital

Peanut Butter Production
Exit


Exit Date: 2012
Williams ControlsWilliams Controls is the leading manufacturer of electronic throttle controls for commercial vehicles. Its customers include many of the global leaders in the truck, bus, and off-road markets. It supports its customers in North America, Europe, and Asia with production facilities in Portland, Oregon, USA, Suzhou, China, and Pune, India.
Headquarters: Portland, Oregon
Co-Investor: American Capital Partners

Electronic Throttle Controls
Exit


Exit Date: 2012
Fab-TechFab-Tech is a manufacturer of modular fume exhaust and fluid transfer systems for highly corrosive environments. Fab-Tech is the preferred solution provider and the dominant worldwide market leading supplier to the semiconductor industry. Fab-Tech's systems are marketed under the PermaSheild brand.
Headquarters: Burlington, Vermont
Add-on Acquisition:Composities USA
Co-Investors: Midwest Mezzanine Fund IV, Parkway Capital Investors & Argosy Investment Partners III

Fluid Control Systems
Exit


Exit Date: 2011
Vaughan FoodsVaughan Foods is an integrated manufacturer and distributor of refrigerated foods. Vaughn distributes fresh-cut produce items along with a full array of value-added refrigerated prepared foods multiple times per week. Vaughan sells to both food service and retail sectors. Its products consist of fresh-cut vegetables, fresh-cut fruits, salad kits, prepared salads, dips, spreads, soups, sauces and side dishes.
Headquarters: Moore, Oklahoma
Food Distribution
Exit


Exit Date: 2010
Cattron-TheimegCattron is the world's largest provider of industrial portable radio remote controls, with an estimated 100,000 installed systems serving more than 10,000 customers across several industries. Cattron's RCT technology is used for cranes, locomotives, material handling equipment, mining machinery, mobile equipment, shiploaders, agricultural machinery, and virtually any equipment where the operator can be moved to a safer, more efficient location.
Headquarters: Sharpsville, Pennsylvania
Add-on Acquisitions:Remtron and Beltpack Remote Control Technologies (2004)
Co-Investors: RFE Investment Partners & Argosy Investment Partners

Industrial Controls
Exit


Exit Date: 2008
Boston Ship RepairBSR is a vessel repair company specializing in repairing military/naval vessels and cruise ships. BSR has one of the largest dry docks with deep draft capabilities in the United States and its graving dock is the deepest in the Northeast serving customers on the East Coast of the U.S.
Headquarters: Boston, Massachusetts
Add-on Acquisitions: Philadelphia Ship Repair (September 2007)
Ship Repair
Exit


Exit Date: 2008
Aladdin Food Management ServicesAFM is a leading regional provider of contract food management services with an aggressive business plan for growth in its geographic territory of the eastern United States, including schools, colleges, businesses, and health care facilities throughout the Mid-Atlantic and Southeast. 
Headquarters: Wheeling, West Virginia
Add-on Acquisitions:RFitz, Vogt, & Associates (April 2007)Ameriserve Food Service Management (January 2007)Dowling Food Service Management (December 2004)Collegiate Catering (January 2004)
Co-Investors: Argosy Investment Partners and Parkway Capital Investors

Food ManagementExit













SEC Info - DC Residential III Portfolio Private Owner, LLC - ‘ABS-15G’ for 12/31/15











SEC Info uses JavaScript!  To view pages properly, enable JavaScript in your browser.


    SEC Info      Home      Search      My Interests      Help      Sign In      Please Sign In




DC Residential III Portfolio Private Owner, LLC – ‘ABS-15G’ for 12/31/15On:  Friday, 2/12/16, at 4:42pm ET   ·   For:  12/31/15   ·   Accession #:  1193125-16-462581   ·   File #:  25-01479
Previous ‘ABS-15G’:  ‘ABS-15G’ on 11/6/15 for 9/30/15   ·   Next:  ‘ABS-15G’ on 5/11/16 for 3/31/16   ·   Latest:  ‘ABS-15G’ on 2/15/17 for 12/31/16



  in 
this entire Filing.
an "Entity" Search.
  Show 
Docs searched
 and 
every "hit".
the 1st "hit".

Help... Wildcards:  ? (any letter),  * (many).  Logic:  for Docs:  & (and),  | (or);  for Text:  | (anywhere),  "(&)" (near).    ↓Bottom
 
T-->  As Of                Filer                Filing    For·On·As Docs:Size              Issuer               Agent

 2/12/16  DC Residential III Port Priv..LLC ABS-15G:1  12/31/15    2:39K                                    RR Donnelley/FAAsset-Backed Securities (ABS)Asset Class:  Other   ·   Rule:  15Ga-1   ·   Period Start:  10/1/15   ·   Quarterly Activity?  Yes   ·   Annual Activity?  YesF-->Asset-Backed Securities Report   —   Sect. 15GFiling Table of Contents
Document/Exhibit                   Description                      Pages   Size 

 1: ABS-15G     Asset-Backed Securities Report                      HTML     14K 
 2: EX-99.1     Miscellaneous Exhibit                               HTML     24K 

D-->ABS-15G   —   Asset-Backed Securities Report
H-->This is an HTML Document rendered as filed.  [ Alternative Formats ]


P-->

  ABS-15G  

 
  UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
Washington, D.C. 20549   
  FORM ABS-15G
    
ASSET-BACKED SECURITIZER 
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 15G OF 
THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
Check the appropriate box to indicate the filing obligation to which this form is intended to satisfy: 


x
Rule 15Ga-1 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.15Ga-1) for the reporting period October 1, 2015 to December 31, 2015 
Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): February 12, 2016 
Commission File Number of securitizer: 025-01479 
Central Index Key Number of securitizer: 0001592174 
   
DC Residential III Portfolio Private Owner, LLC   
  Jack L.
Macdowell, Jr. (203) 883-8920  Name and telephone number, including area code, of the person 
to contact in connection with this filing.   
  Indicate by check mark whether
the securitizer has no activity to report for the initial period pursuant to Rule 15Ga-1(c)(1)  ¨ 
Indicate by check mark whether the securitizer has no activity to report for the quarterly period pursuant to Rule 15Ga-1(c)(2)(i)  ¨  Indicate by check mark whether the securitizer has no activity to report for the annual period pursuant to
Rule 15Ga-1(c)(2)(ii)  ¨   
   


Item 1.02 Periodic Filing of Rule 15Ga-1 Representations and Warranties Disclosure 
DC Residential III Portfolio Private Owner, LLC (the “Securitizer”) hereby makes its quarterly filing to disclose the information that it is required
to report under Rule 15Ga-1(c)(2). The period to which this reports relates (the “Reporting Period”) is the 3-month period ending on December 31, 2015. 
The disclosures required by Rule 15Ga-1 (17 CFR 240.15Ga-1) for the Reporting Period are attached as an Exhibit 99.1 to this form ABS-15G.1   






 Exhibits
  
 




99.1
  
Table of all assets securitized by the Securitizer that were subject to a demand to repurchase or replace for breach of the representations and warranties concerning the pool assets for all asset-backed securities held by
non-affiliates of the Securitizer during the Reporting Period.
  


1 
Securitizer has listed the entity that sold the loan to it as the originator. This is the entity that made the relevant representations and has the corresponding repurchase obligation. Securitizer re-underwrote each
loan purchased by it as if the entity selling the loan to it had originated the loan. In some cases the entity selling a loan to Securitizer may not have been the originator of the loan. Securitizer has no ability to determine the identity of all of
the originators without unreasonable effort and expense because in many cases the contract files delivered by the seller do not contain that information. To the extent the originator is not the seller, Securitizer has no recourse against that entity
and has not relied in any respect on that entity’s underwriting of the loan. 


SIGNATURES 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the reporting entity has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
  






DC Residential III Portfolio Private Owner, LLC




By:
 
 /s/ Jack L. Macdowell, Jr.

Name:
 
Jack L. Macdowell, Jr.

Title:
 
Authorized Signatory




Date:
 
February 12, 2016



EXHIBIT INDEX   






 Exhibit
Number
  
 




99.1
  
Table of all assets securitized by the Securitizer that were subject to a demand to repurchase or replace for breach of the representations and warranties concerning the pool assets for all asset-backed securities held by
non-affiliates of the Securitizer during the Reporting Period.


R-->Dates Referenced Herein
This ‘ABS-15G’ Filing    Date    Other FilingsFiled on:2/12/16None on these DatesFor Period End:12/31/1510/1/15 List all Filings 
↑TopFiling Submission 0001193125-16-462581   –   Alternative Formats (Word / Rich Text, HTML, Plain Text, et al.)
Copyright © 2017 Fran Finnegan & Company.  All Rights Reserved.About – Privacy – Redactions – Help —
Fri, 28 Jul 11:25:21.0 GMT 


Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version















HCI Equity Partners - Private Equity Firm - Middle Market Industrial Products and Services Companies - Home








  
 Contact  |  News  |  








 


HCI Equity Partners is a private equity firm which invests in growth oriented industrial product and service companies. The members of the Firm partner with owners and managers of industrial companies, with a focus on assisting with operational improvements and supporting growth initiatives. The HCI Equity  team has extensive experience in both private equity investing and operational leadership. Seven of nine principals have been Chief Executive Officer, President or Chief Financial Officer of an industrial company during their careers. Their combined experience enables HCI Equity  to have a deeper understanding of industry sector trends and business fundamentals, and enhance performance of the companies in which it invests. The team focuses on building solid relationships with proven management teams and supporting them in the execution of their strategies. 
If you have an investment opportunity that might be of interest to HCI, please contact Tim Frend at tfrend@hciequity.com or Kelsey Deerin at kdeerin@hciequity.com. 






    © 2016 HCI Equity Partners
Overview  |  Investment Strategy  |  Portfolio Companies  |  Team  |  Sitemap  |  Disclaimer






Ares :: Our Business :: Private Equity :: North American and European Flexible Capital :: Portfolio






























 Global Alternative Investments
 Unique Opportunities
 Demonstrated Performance


























Ares
Our Business
Private Equity
North American and European Flexible Capital
Portfolio



Private Equity
North American and European Flexible Capital








NEWS: 
Ares Management Raises $7.85 Billion For Fifth Flexible Capital Private Equity Fund

Read more >


Contact Private Equity:

1-800-940-6347

Contact Us or Call 1-800-940-6347 (US) or 310-921-7201 (International)







Overview




Targeted Investments




Value Proposition




Portfolio




Key Contacts







While open to pursuing investments in a range of industries, we specifically target market-leading businesses that demonstrate attractive long-term growth prospects. We aim to balance our portfolios with a diverse mix of industries and types of securities. The table below lists our platform equity investments to date.






Current Portfolio of Equity Investments *


Please click on an investment name to open the company’s website in a separate window.




Company Name


Initial Investment


Industry


Hq Location


Description




 



2012


Retail


CA


Extreme value retailer of everyday merchandise




 



2015


Industrial


NC


Largest replacement tire distributor in North America




 



2006


Healthcare Services


NY


Dental practice management company




 



2014


Energy


TX


Independent oil and gas exploration and development company




 



2012


Healthcare Services


UT


Healthcare staffing services




 



2010


Building Products


CA


Homebuilder in California coastal communities




 



2016


Energy


TX


Independent oil and gas exploration and development company




 



2013


Building Products


PA


Manufacturer of premium low maintenance building products







2017


Energy


TX


Provider of development capital to upstream oil and gas operators




 



2014


Consumer Products


United Kingdom


Manufacturer and retailer of premium paints and wallpaper




 



2010


Retail


GA


Big box retailer of hard surface flooring products




 



2017


Energy


TX


Independent oil and gas exploration and development company




 



2008


Retail


CA


Leading retailer of music products in the United States




 



2014


Energy


TX


Independent oil and gas exploration and development company




 



2012


Business Services


GA


Provider of IT staffing solutions




 



2007


Building Products


CA


Manufacturer of bath and spa products




 



2014


Building Products


United Kingdom


Greater London focused residential homebuilder




 



2014


Healthcare Services


CA


Owner/operator of freestanding veterinary hospitals




 



2013


Retail


TX


Largest global omni-channel luxury retailer




 



2013


Healthcare Services


SC


Largest provider of outsourced OB Hospitalist programs




 



2010


Consumer Products


GA


Manufacturer and distributor of bedding products




 



2012


Retail


CA


Warehouse-style discount retailer




 



2011


Aerospace and Defense


VA


National security technology company




 



2013


Healthcare Services


FL


Largest provider of practice management services to OB/GYNs




 



2015


Facilities Services


FL


Leading national provider of value-added amenity services to the multifamily housing industry







2017


Energy


TX


Independent oil and gas exploration and development company






*The platform investments represent substantially (excluding toe-hold) all of the Ares existing platform companies. Actual holdings for each Ares fund may vary and there is no guarantee that a particular Ares fund will hold any or all of the platform investments above. It should not be assumed that an investment in the platform companies was or will be profitable.









© 2017 Ares Management, L.P.


Terms of Use


Privacy Policy


Legal Disclosures


Site Map












Portfolio: Current | Farragut





















Skip to main content







CompanyAbout Us
Firm History
Team

Investment ApproachOur Strategy
Our Solutions
Our Criteria

News
PortfolioCurrent Portfolio
Past Investments

Partnering
Contact Us









Portfolio: Current







  
 Digital West Networks, Inc. 
 San Luis Obispo, California 
 Business Services 
 November 2016 
 | Acquisition Financing 
 Digital West is a leading provider of commercial-grade internet, data, and cloud services to small and mid-sized businesses on California’s Central Coast.  
  

  
 Findley Davies, Inc. 
 Toledo, Ohio 
 Business Services 
 September 2016 
 | Acquisition Financing 
 Findley Davies is an independent consulting firm specializing in employee benefits and human resources strategy.
  

  
 Stone Road Energy, LLC 
 Littleton, New Hampshire 
 Distribution 
 June 2016 
 | Acquisition Financing 
 Stone Road Energy is retail distributor of heating oil and propane to commercial and residential customers in New England.
  

  
 Atlas Wire Corp. 
 Schiller Park, Illinois 
 Manufacturing 
 January 2016 
 | Buyout 
 Atlas Wire is a leading manufacturer of PVC, nylon, and cross-linked polyethylene insulated wire used in a variety of industries and applications. 
  

  
 Tri-Cities Restaurant Group, LLC 
 Kingsport, TN 
 Restaurant 
 September 2015 
 | Debt Refinancing and Growth Capital  
 Tri-Cities Restaurant Group is a multi-unit Wendy's franchisee operating in northeast Tennessee and southwest Virginia.
  

  
 Hatch Chile Co., LLC 
 Brunswick, Georgia 
 Consumer Products 
 September 2015 
 | Debt Refinancing 
 Hatch Chile Co. is a branded packaged food company that markets, sells, and distributes Mexican-style food products.
  

  
 PWNHealth, LLC 
 New York, New York 
 Healthcare 
 August 2015 
 | Buyout 
 PWNHealth is a leading provider of lab connectivity, compliance, and patient outreach solutions for health and wellness, telemedicine, diagnostic labs, and payer markets.
  

  
 Smartlink, LLC 
 Annapolis, Maryland 
 Business Services 
 November 2014 
 | Debt Refinancing and Growth Capital 
 Smartlink provides site development services and temporary staffing to the wireless industry.
  

  
 InterOcean Coffee Co. 
 Phoenix, Arizona 
 Restaurant 
 October 2014 
 | Growth Capital 
 InterOcean Coffee Company is a multi-unit Dunkin’ Donuts franchisee operating in the Phoenix, Arizona market.
  

  
 VedicSoft Solutions, LLC 
 Iselin, New Jersey 
 Business Services 
 September 2014 
 | Buyout  
 Vedicsoft provides professional IT staffing services and business intelligence solutions to customers in a wide variety of industries.
  

  
 MBH Settlement Group, LC 
 Chantilly, Virginia 
 Consumer Services 
 June 2014 
 | Buyout 
 MBH is the leading provider of residential real estate settlement services and title insurance brokerage in the Northern Virginia market.
  

  
 Arandell Corp. 
 Menomonee Falls, Wisconsin 
 Media 
 March 2014 
 | Debt Refinancing and Growth Capital 
 Arandell is a commercial printing company providing high-quality catalogs and multichannel marketing solutions to upscale retailers.
  

  
 reQuire, LLC 
 Virginia Beach, Virginia 
 Business Services 
 February 2014 
 | Buyout 
 reQuire is an online lien release tracking and reporting service used in the real estate settlement process.
  

  
 Venn-Corp., Inc. 
 Vienna, Virginia 
 Distribution 
 August 2013 
 | Buyout 
 Venn-Corp. is an asset-light third-party logistics provider specializing in the transportation and delivery of fixtures, furniture, and equipment.
  

  
 AVL Digital Group 
 Pennsauken, New Jersey 
 Media 
 December 2012 
 | Buyout 
 AVL is a provider of value-added creative, production, marketing, distribution, website hosting, digital aggregation, and artist revenue management products and services used by independent artists and authors.  
  

Pages1
2
next ›
last »

 




Current Portfolio
Past Investments









Industry








- Any -


Business Services


Manufacturing


Government Services


Consumer Services


Distribution


Healthcare


Consumer Products


Media


Restaurant







 


 






Main menuCompany
Investment Approach
News
Portfolio
Partnering
Contact Us
 

5425 Wisconsin Ave. Suite 401 Chevy Chase, MD 20815 | (301) 913-5296


Farragut Capital Partners All Rights Reserved 2012



































Welcome to REIT.com | NAREIT
















































Skip to main content




 














 


 






Search form

Search 





 




Log-inJoinContact 

 
 





 















        
    Home          



        
    Investing          









        
    REIT Basics          









        
    What's a REIT?          



        
    REIT Financial Benefits          



        
    Economic Impact of REITs          



        
    REIT Sectors          



        
    Guide To Equity REITs          



        
    Guide to Mortgage REITs          



        
    Guide to Public Non-Listed REITs          



        
    Guide to Private REITs          



        
    Global Real Estate          



        
    Glossary of Terms          



        
    Forming a REIT          



        
    FAQs          
















        
    Investing in REITs          









        
    Investment Info Center          



        
    Reasons for REIT Investment          



        
    How to Invest in REITs          



        
    List of REIT Funds          



        
    Taxes and REIT Investment          



        
    REITs and Interest Rates          



        
    REITs and Conversions          
















        
    Investor Resources          









        
    REIT Directories          



        
    List of Public Non-Listed REITs          



        
    List of Private REITs          



        
    REIT Assets by State          



        
    Educational Videos          



        
    Conference Call Calendar          



        
    History of REITs          



        
    Understanding GICS          
















        
    Investors We Inform          









        
    Individual Investors          



        
    Financial Advisors          



        
    Pensions and Endowments          



        
    Defined Contribution          

















        
    Data & Research          









        
    REIT Indexes          









        
    Real Time Index Returns          



        
    Daily Returns (US & Global)          



        
    Historical REIT Returns          



        
    PureProperty® Index          



        
    Top 20 Global Constituents          



        
    Index Comparison Tool          
















        
    Data          









        
    REIT Industry Snapshot          



        
    REITWatch          



        
    US REIT Industry Equity Market Cap          



        
    REIT Capital Offerings          



        
    Year End Tax Reporting Data          



        
    T-Tracker®          



        
    Annual Proxy Data          
















        
    Research          









        
    NAREIT Research          



        
    Sponsored Research          



        
    Third-Party Research          



        
    Market Commentary          

















        
    News          









        
    All News          



        
    Articles          



        
    Videos          



        
    Podcasts          









        
    REIT Magazine          









        
    Browse          



        
    Back Issues          



        
    Advertising          



        
    Contacts          



        
    Reprints          



        
    Subscribe          



        
    About          










        
    SmartBrief          



        
    Advertising          










        
    Advocacy          









        
    Policy          









        
    Federal Tax Legislation          



        
    Other Federal Legislation          



        
    Cross Border Issues          



        
    State Tax Issues          



        
    Capital Market Issues          



        
    Financial Standards and Reporting          



        
    Internal Revenue Service Issues          



        
    Political Activities          



        
    REITs in the Community          










        
    Investor Outreach          



        
    REITs Around the World          



        
    The REITWay Campaign          










        
    Media           









        
    Monthly Media Briefs          



        
    News Releases          



        
    Media Contacts          










        
    NAREIT & You          









        
    About NAREIT          









        
    Staff Directory          



        
    Executive Board          



        
    Advisory Board of Governors          



        
    Committees and Subcommittees          



        
    Real Estate Investment Advisory Council          



        
    Global Association Partners          










        
    Membership          









        
    Join (Individual Membership Only)          



        
    Corporate Member Benefits          



        
    Individual Member Benefits          



        
    Company Directory          



        
    Select Service Providers          
















        
    Awards          









        
    Leader in the Light Award          



        
    Investor Care Awards          



        
    Leadership & Achievement Awards          










        
    Events          









        
    Washington Leadership Forum          



        
    Leader in the Light Working Forum          



        
    REITWise          



        
    Real Estate Research Conference          



        
    REITWeek          



        
    SFO Workshop          



        
    HR Forum          



        
    REITWorld          
















        
    Publications          









        
    Newsletters          



        
    SmartBrief          



        
    REIT Magazine          



        
    Compensation Survey          



        
    Insurance Survey          



        
    REITWise Sourcebook          



        
    Federal REIT Tax Compendium          



        
    REITWay® Annual Report          










        
    NAREIT Developments          



        
    Sustainability          



        
    Dividends Through Diversity          



        
    For Students          



        
    Dot REIT Top-Level Domains          



        
    Career Center          













 









Welcome to REIT.com















Register Now



Search REIT Companies

 





REIT Basics
What is a REIT?
Why Invest in REITs?
How to Invest in REITs
Guide to Equity REITs
Guide to Mortgage REITs
See All: REIT Basics




Investing

List of REIT Funds
REITs by Ticker Symbol
Real Time Index Returns
Market Commentary
REIT Assets by State
See All: Investing




NAREIT & You

Staff & Leadership
NAREIT Events
NAREIT Developments Blog
Policy Updates
Dot REIT Top-Level Domains
See All: NAREIT & You




REIT Indexes








            FTSE NAREIT U.S.          

            Value ($)          

            % Change          

            All REITs          

            205.06          

0.00%          

            All Equity REITs          

            681.04          

-0.01%          

            Mortgage REITs          

            5.66          

0.17%          


VIEW ALL 
 








            FTSE EPRA/NAREIT GLOBAL          

            Value (€)          

            % Change          

            Global          

            1,997.08          

0.26% 

            Developed          

            2,063.88          

0.10% 

            Emerging          

            2,423.29          

1.60% 


VIEW ALL 
 


VIEW MORE REIT INDEXES >





      custom glossary    



Featured Content



Understanding GICS



REITs and Sustainability



Explore Real Estate Funds










 
 

  





















HCI Equity Partners - Portfolio Companies - Private Equity Firm - Middle Market Industrial Products and Services Companies








  

Home  |  Contact  |  News  |  









Company
          (Current Investments)
Location/
          Invested/
          Status
Description
Industry
          Links





          The Delaney Hardware Company
Cumming, GA 
            October 2016

Private
The Delaney Hardware Company is a designer, marketer and distributor of residential and commercial locksets, as well as a variety of other bath related hardware. The Company sources product through Asian manufacturing relationships and markets under its own Delaney and Callan brand names.  Delaney's customer base is largely composed of small-to-medium sized building products suppliers, installers and DIY outlets. 
Building Products
• Delaney Co. Website






          Summit Interconnect
Anaheim & Orange, CA 
            April 2016

Private
Summit Interconnect was formed after the completion of two separate transactions to acquire KCA Electronics and Marcel Electronics International (MEI). KCA provides advanced technology, multi-layer rigid and flex printed circuit boards.  The company primarily serves the aerospace and defense sector, providing direct access to customers or through EMS customers that support the aerospace and defense markets. MEI manufactures complex, multi-layer printed circuit boards. 
Printed Circuit Boards
• Summit Interconnect Website






          Adept Plastic Finishing
Wixom, MI 
            March  2016

Private
Adept Plastic Finishing is a premier supplier offering injection molding, chrome plating and painting services for plastic components. Adept has established itself as the preferred supplier in the chrome plating industry, serving select Tier-1 suppliers in the automotive and Class-8 truck end markets. The Company's proprietary process technology within its chrome plating segment allows them to handle a wide array of products, ranging from heavy-duty class-8 truck grilles to high-touch automotive badges. Adept works in conjunction with HCI's portfolio company, Tribar Manufacturing. 
Automotive Market
• Adept Plastic Finishing Website






          Go To Logistics
Northlake, IL 
            September  2015

Private
Go To Logistics is a transportation service provider focused on the freight consolidation and LTL market. Go To provides services ranging from expedited/guaranteed service to warehoused consolidation primarily from Chicago to the Northeast and West Coast, as well as the Southwest United States. The Company utilizes a Midwest-based warehouse for outbound consolidation and has a dedicated independent contractor base that provides linehaul and pick-up and delivery. Go To's agent network augments delivery capabilities and also provides relationships for outbound capabilities. 
Transportation & Logistics
• Go To Logistics Website






          Commercial Steel Treating Corporation
Madison Heights, MI 
            July 2015

Private
Commercial Steel Treating Corporation is North America's largest provider of engineered protective coating, pre-treatment, heat treating, and technical intermediation services for metal fasteners.  CSTC has a history of being at the forefront of coating technology since it was founded in 1927 by the Hoensheid family. The Company meets or exceeds its customers' anti-corrosion performance standards using state-of-the-art coating equipment, proprietary IT software, and its deep base of industry knowledge.
Automotive Market
• CSTC Website






          Tribar Manufacturing
Howell, MI 
            March 2015

Private
Tribar Manufacturing is a leading supplier of high profile vehicle badge assemblies and other highly-engineered products. Tribar serves the North American automotive market with a product portfolio that includes a full complement of class-A vehicle badge assemblies, as well as large and complex two-shot molded components, such as door seals and liftgate reveals.
Automotive Market
• Tribar Website






          Milan Supply Chain Solutions
Milan, TN 
            September 2014

Private
Milan Supply Chain Solutions is a leading provider of regional transportation and logistics solutions, specializing in truckload and warehousing and distribution services.
Transportation & Logistics
• Milan Website






          AmerCareRoyal
Charleston, SC, Exton, PA and Flower Mound, TX 
            April 2014, May 2016, October 2016

Private
AmerCareRoyal is a leading provider of disposable protective gloves and other ancillary products for the foodservice, healthcare and janitorial markets in the US.  The Company also provides other products including straws, aprons, wipes, and plastic related items.
Disposable Gloves
          • AmerCare Website
          • Royal Paper Website
          • JRMI Website






          CertifiedSafety, Inc.
League City, TX
December 2013
Private
CertifiedSafety, Inc. is a leading independent provider of specialized safety and productivity services primarily for plant maintenance events such as turnarounds, shutdowns, outages, and ongoing maintenance projects as well as for large capital investment programs including construction and decommissioning. The Company provides numerous safety related services and personnel needed to help owners and contractors take a consistent and proactive approach to safety.
Infrastructure Products / Services 
• CertifiedSafety Website






          Southern Ag Carriers
Albany, GA
June 2013
Private
Southern Ag is a high growth transportation and logistics services provider for agricultural and related processed food manufacturers. 
Transportation & Logistics
• Southern AG Website






 
          HVH Transportation
Denver, CO and London, Ontario
            October 2012 & April 2014
          Private
HVH is an asset-light transportation provider focused primarily on dry van truckload services throughout the Midwest, Southwest and Western states.  The company also provides regional and dedicated less-than-truckload services. In April 2014, the company merged with FTI Transportation, an asset light transportation provider, created a larger truckload provider with a broader lane network, experienced management team, and multiple opportunities for synergy realization. 
Transportation & Logistics
• HVH Transportation Website





 
            TDS

Brookston, IN
            December 2011
          Private
TDS is a leading designer and manufacturer of hydraulically powered drive assist systems and steer axles for agricultural equipment and on and off-highway vehicles.
Automotive and Commercial Vehicle Suppliers
• TDS Website





 
Dynamic Systems, Inc.
Poestenkill, NY
          December 2010
          Private
DSI is the leading designer and manufacturer of dynamic thermal-mechanical testing and physical simulation systems used for metallurgical analyses in a wide variety of industries.
Test and Measurement
          Niche Manufacturing
          • Dynamic Systems Website





 
          Roadrunner Transportation Systems, Inc.
Milwaukee, WI and Mars Hill, ME
March 2005, April 2005, Oct. 2006, & Dec. 2009
Publicly traded as RRTS on the NYSE
RRTS is a leading asset-light transportation and logistics services provider offering a full suite of solutions, including customized and expedited less-than-truckload, truckload services, freight consolidation and inventory management, intermodal solutions and full transportation management systems. In May 2010, the company completed an IPO and simultaneous merger with Group Transportation Services, another HCI portfolio company and non-asset based provider of third-party logistics and outsourced transportation management solutions.
Transportation & Logistics
• RRTS Website






          Group Transportation Services, Inc.
Hudson, OH
          February 2008
          Publicly traded as RRTS on the NYSE
GTS is a non-asset based third-party logistics provider offering a full suite of outsourced transportation management solutions to over 11,000 middle market clients. Services include pricing, contract management, carrier selection, freight tracking, bill payment, bill audit and dispatch. In May 2010, GTS merged with Roadrunner Transportation Systems, another HCI portfolio company, simultaneous with the consummation of Roadrunner’s IPO.
Transportation & Logistics
          • GTS Website







Power & Composite Technologies, Inc.
Amsterdam, NY
March 2007
Private
PCT designs, manufactures and sells highly-engineered composite components for use in utility-scale electrical generators as well as custom composite structures for use in medical, technology, aerospace and defense applications.
Power Generation
• PCT Website





Naumann/Hobbs Material Handling, Inc.
Phoenix, AZ
November 2006
Private
Naumann/Hobbs is a full service material handling dealership that leases, sells and services a variety of electric and internal combustion forklifts and other commercial products. The company operates along five lines of business which work together to provide the most attractive value proposition in this sector in the southwestern United States.
Distribution
• NH Website





Quadel Consulting Corporation
Washington, DC
June 2005
Private
Quadel provides outsourced program management, contract administration, disaster recovery, consulting, training and educational services. These services are provided to various federal, local and state agencies.
Federal Services
• Quadel Website





Company
          (Prior Investments)
Location/
          Invested/
          Status
Description
Industry
          Links




 
            Total Container Group, Inc.
Cleveland, OH
            December 2012
          Sold - December 2016
TCG is primarily involved in the reconditioning, servicing, and sale of plastic composite intermediate bulk containers (or "IBCs") used to transport a growing variety of bulk liquids.  The company also provides tanker truck washing, ISO container washing, and steel IBC cleaning and rental services.
Bulk Containers / Distribution
• TCG Website






Herndon Aerospace & Defense
St. Louis, MO & 
            Houston, TX
October 2009 & September 2013
Sold - May 2016
Herndon specializes in providing value added supply chain management solutions and third party logistics for consumable hardware utilized in military applications including fixed and rotary wing aircraft, wheeled and tracked vehicles, and sea vessels. Polygon Aerospace, which merged with Herndon Products in 2015, is a leading provider of aircraft fasteners to the commercial aerospace supply chain market.
Aerospace & Defense
• Herndon Website






Qualitor, Inc.
Southfield, MI
December 2004
Sold - October 2014
Qualitor is a leading diversified supplier of aftermarket parts for the automotive and medium to heavy duty truck industries. The company's products include brake components, wiper blades, engine control devices and heavy-duty truck parts.
Automotive Aftermarket Supplier
• Qualitor Website






Total Quality, Inc.
Grand Rapids, MI
March 2008 
Sold - March 2013

TQI is a fast-growing, niche transportation services company focused primarily on cold chain transportation and logistics (transportation of temperature sensitive shipments ranging from food products to pharmaceuticals). TQI also provides brokerage services and third party logistics services to customers in a variety of end markets.
Transportation & Logistics
• TQI Website






Mistras Group, Inc.
Princeton Junction, NJ
August 2003
Sold - May 2011
Mistras is a leading global provider of non-destructive testing equipment, inspection and engineering services. The company's products and services are used to verify structural integrity of critical equipment, plant components and industrial and public infrastructure.
Testing & Measurement
• Mistras Website





 
            Progressive Waste Solutions Ltd.

Toronto, Ontario
October 2003
Sold - March 2011
Progressive Waste is the third largest North American full-service waste management company.  Progressive Waste provides non-hazardous waste collection and landfill disposal services for municipal, commercial, industrial and residential customers in five provinces and eleven US states.
Environmental Services
• Progressive Website






TEAC Aerospace Technologies, Inc.
Monterey Park, CA
March 2004
Sold - April 2008
TEAC is a leading global supplier of airborne video and data recording products as well as debriefing systems to the defense industry. TEAC is also a key provider of distributed in-flight entertainment systems to the commercial airline industry.
Aerospace & Defense






          Associated Asphalt, Inc.
Roanoke, VA
          December 2003
          Sold - October 2006
Associated Asphalt is one of the largest independent liquid asphalt resellers in the United States. The company has been in business for over 50 years and enjoys strong customer relationships and leading market share.
Distribution/Infrastructure
          • Associated Asphalt Website





  
BHM Technologies, LLC
Ionia, MI
Feb, Mar, & Oct 2004
Sold - July 2006
BHM was formed with the merger of three portfolio companies: Brown, Heckethorn and Morton. The combination created a  superior automotive and commercial vehicle supplier able to cross-sell products into complimentary markets and customers. 
Automotive & Commercial Vehicle Suppliers



* Above is a listing of current and past HCI platform equity investments.  A complete list of all prior investments (including add-ons) will be made available upon request.





    © 2016 HCI Equity Partners
Overview | Investment Strategy | Portfolio Companies | Team | Sitemap




