    Dcp Holding Co | ZoomInfo.com

	DENTATRUST Trademark of DCP Holding Company. Serial Number: 86143110 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Insurance & Financial Services
DENTATRUST










 
Get FREE email alerts













DENTATRUST  Trademark Information
 DCP Holding Company
Dental health insurance administration; organization and administration of pre-paid dental health plans




Perfect for these industries

Insurance & Financial Services





Words that describe this mark
dental   health   insurance   administration   organization   administration   prepaid   dental   health   plans    
                                    




This is a brand page for the DENTATRUST trademark by DCP Holding Company 
                                in Cincinnati, OH, 45241.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this DENTATRUST trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner DCP Holding Company of the DENTATRUST trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the DENTATRUST trademark.
                           






On Friday, December 13, 2013,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        DENTATRUST by 
                        DCP Holding Company, Cincinnati, OH  45241.
                        The USPTO has given the DENTATRUST 
                        trademark serial  number of  86143110.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is REGISTERED.
                        The correspondent listed for DENTATRUST is 
                        
                        
                                            DEBORAH A. WILCOX of 
                                            BAKER & HOSTETLER LLP,  127 Public Square, Key Tower, Suite 2000 CLEVELAND OH 44114
                                .
                            The DENTATRUST trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Insurance & Financial Services
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for DENTATRUST 
                            is Dental health insurance administration; organization and administration of pre-paid dental health plans. 
                            





Word mark:
 DENTATRUST


  Status/Status Date:  


REGISTERED

3/3/2015



  Serial Number:  
86143110


  Filing Date:  
12/13/2013


 Registration Number:  
4697043 


 Registration Date:  
3/3/2015


 Goods and Services: 
Dental health insurance administration; organization and administration of pre-paid dental health plans


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
4/29/2014


Last Applicant/Owner:

DCP Holding CompanyCincinnati, OH  45241
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Standard Character Mark


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 (NOT AVAILABLE)


 Correspondent:


DEBORAH A. WILCOX
BAKER & HOSTETLER LLP
127 Public Square
Key Tower, Suite 2000
CLEVELAND OH 44114





 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (036) - Insurance; financial affairs; monetary affairs; real estate affairs. 


First Use Anywhere: 
10/1/2013


First Use In Commerce: 
11/15/2014





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your DENTATRUST trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

3/3/2015
REGISTERED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



DEBORAH A. WILCOX


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of DENTATRUST trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search dentatrust on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for DENTATRUST 




DENTATRUST is providing Dental health insurance administration; organization and administration of pre-paid dental health plans.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 





























 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version























 













 




DCP Holding Company: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 7:25 AM ET
Healthcare Providers and Services

Company Overview of DCP Holding Company



Snapshot People




Company Overview
DCP Holding Company, doing business as the Dental Care Plus Group, provides various dental health maintenance organization (HMO), dental participating provider organization (PPO), dental indemnity, and vision PPO benefit plans and related services to employer groups. The company operates through four segments: Fully-Insured Dental HMO and Indemnity; Fully-Insured Dental PPO; Self-Insured Dental; and Corporate, All Other. It also offers life and health oriented products. The company markets its products through a network of independent brokers and consultants in Ohio, Kentucky, and Indiana. DCP Holding Company is headquartered in Cincinnati, Ohio.


100 Crowne Point PlaceCincinnati, OH 45241United States94 Employees



Phone: 513-554-1100

www.dentalcareplus.com







Key Executives for DCP Holding Company




Mr. Anthony A. Cook MBA, MS


      	Chief Executive Officer, President & Director
      


Age: 66
        







Mr. Robert C. Hodgkins Jr., MBA, CPA


      	CFO & Vice President
      


Age: 57
        







Ms. Jodi M. Fronczek


      	Chief Operations Officer
      


Age: 45
        







Mr. Michael J. Carl DDS


      	Treasurer & Director
      


Age: 57
        







Dr. David A. Kreyling DMD


      	Secretary & Director
      


Age: 63
        




Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

DCP Holding Company Key Developments

DCP Holding Company, Annual General Meeting, May 30, 2017
Apr 28 17
DCP Holding Company, Annual General Meeting, May 30, 2017, at 18:30 Eastern Daylight. Location: Sharonville Convention Center, 11355 Chester Road Sharonville Ohio United States Agenda: To elect four members of the board of directors to serve until the 2019 annual meeting; to hold a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation; and to transact such other business as may properly come before the meeting or any postponement or adjournment thereof.


DCP Holding Company Declares Dividend on Class A, Class B and Class C Redeemable Common Shares, Payable on March 24, 2017
Feb 17 17
DCP Holding Company Board of Directors declared a $42.50 per share dividend for all Class A, Class B and Class C redeemable common shareholders of record on March 1, 2017, totaling approximately $547,443 payable on March 24, 2017.


Dental Care Plus Group Names Natalie Mason as Director of Regulatory Compliance
Apr 17 16
The Dental Care Plus Group names Natalie Mason as director of regulatory compliance.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @ Home Medical, Inc. United States @home approach, llc United States @Home Care United States 1011 E. Pecan Grove Road, LLC United States 1104 Welsh Road Operations LLC United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact DCP Holding Company, please visit www.dentalcareplus.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























DCP Holding Co Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























dcp holding co inc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Materials
Industry: Construction Materials
Sub-Industry: Cement & Aggregates
Dcp Holding Co., Inc. was founded in 1947. The company's line of business includes the manufacturing of portland cement concrete.




Corporate Information
Address:

425 Florida Ave Se
Denham Springs, LA 70726
United States


Phone:
1-225-665-6103


Fax:
1-225-665-3854























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data





































DCP HOLDING CO - Annual Report (10-K) ITEM 1.  BUSINESS





















About EDGAR Online

|
Login












Dashboard
TodayCompany
Industry
Search
Screener
Analytics

  










 















Enter your Email for a Free Trial:








The following is an excerpt from a 10-K SEC Filing, filed by DCP HOLDING CO on 3/25/2008.





 Next Section












 Previous Section





-- Use Sections To Navigate Through The Document --
FORM 10-K
PART I
ITEM 1.  BUSINESS
ITEM 1A.  RISK FACTORS
ITEM 1B.  UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS.
ITEM 2.  PROPERTIES
ITEM 3.  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
ITEM 4.  SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS
PART II
ITEM 5.  MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED ...
ITEM 6.  SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA
ITEM 7.  MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL ...
ITEM 7A.  QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT ...
ITEM 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA.
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
BALANCE SHEET
BALANCE SHEET
INCOME STATEMENT
STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY
CASH FLOW
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
ITEM 9.  CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ...
ITEM 9A.  CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
ITEM 9B.  OTHER INFORMATION
PART III
ITEM 10.  DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE ...
ITEM 11.  EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION.
ITEM 12.  SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS ...
ITEM 13.  CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS.
ITEM 14.  PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES.
PART IV
ITEM 15.  EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SCHEDULES.
BALANCE SHEET
BALANCE SHEET
VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS
SIGNATURES
INDEX TO EXHIBITS
EXHIBIT 10.2
EXHIBIT 10.3
EXHIBIT 10.10
EXHIBIT 31.1
CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF SARBANES-OXLEY ACT ...
EXHIBIT 31.2
CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF SARBANES-OXLEY ACT ...
EXHIBIT 32.1
CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED












DCP HOLDING CO - 10-K - 20080325 - BUSINESS





	 




	PART I





	 














	ITEM 1.

	  










	BUSINESS







	 




	Overview




	 


	Headquartered in Cincinnati, Ohio, Dental Care Plus Group, or
	DCPG or the Company, offers to employer groups of all sizes
	health maintenance organization (“HMO”), participating
	provider organization (“PPO”) and indemnity plans for
	dental care services. As of December 31, 2007, we had
	approximately 238,100 members in our dental benefits programs
	with 1,972 dentists participating in our two provider networks
	in Southwestern Ohio, Northern Kentucky, Central Kentucky and
	Southeastern Indiana. In addition we had approximately 6,900
	members in our vision benefit program. We market our products
	through a network of independent brokers.


	 


	DCP Holding Company is the parent holding company of DCPG, which
	includes wholly-owned subsidiaries Dental Care Plus, Inc., or
	Dental Care Plus, an Ohio corporation, Insurance Associates
	Plus, Inc., or Insurance Associates Plus, an Ohio corporation,
	and Adenta, Inc., or Adenta, a Kentucky corporation. We are
	owned and controlled primarily by approximately 653 dentists who
	participate in our Dental Care Plus plans.


	 


	Dental Care Plus, which accounts for approximately 99% of our
	consolidated revenues, was established in 1986 as a
	provider-owned, specialty health insuring corporation licensed
	in the State of Ohio. On July 2, 2004, shareholder
	ownership of Dental Care Plus was reorganized into ownership of
	DCP Holding Company. As a result of the reorganization, which
	was implemented through a shareholder approved merger, each
	issued and outstanding common share of Dental Care Plus was
	converted into one Class A Redeemable Common Share and one
	Class B Redeemable Common Share of DCP Holding Company. On
	August 31, 2005, we issued ten additional Class B
	Redeemable Common Shares to each of our shareholders in the form
	of a stock dividend.


	 


	The reorganization of Dental Care Plus into the Dental Care Plus
	Group was part of management’s strategic plan to create a
	corporate structure that would facilitate continued growth of
	existing businesses while at the same time providing management
	with greater flexibility to make acquisitions of related
	businesses and obtain growth capital. The reorganization was
	also designed to provide more liquidity opportunity to our
	holders of common shares.


	 


	On December 18, 2006, the Ohio Department of Insurance
	approved Dental Care Plus, Inc.’s application for a life
	and health insurance license. As an Ohio-domiciled insurance
	company dually licensed as a life and health insurer and a
	specialty health insuring corporation, Dental Care Plus is now
	able to underwrite dental indemnity, dental PPO, dental HMO, and
	vision benefit products as well as other life and health
	oriented products in Ohio.


	 




	Business
	Segments




	 


	We manage our business with three segments: fully-insured dental
	HMO, self-insured dental HMO, and corporate, all other.
	Corporate, All Other consists primarily of certain corporate
	activities and three product lines: DentaSelect PPO,
	DentaPremier indemnity, and Vision Care Plus PPO. We have
	identified our segments in accordance with the aggregation
	provisions of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards
	(“SFAS”) 131, Disclosures About Segments of an
	Enterprise and Related Information, which is consistent with
	information used by our Chief Executive Officer in managing our
	business. The segment information aggregates products with
	similar economic characteristics. These characteristics include
	the nature of employer groups and pricing, benefits and
	underwriting requirements.


	 


	The results of our fully-insured and self-insured HMO segments
	are measured by gross profit. We do not measure the results of
	our Corporate, All Other segment. We do not allocate selling,
	general and administrative expenses, investment and other
	income, interest expense, or other assets or liabilities to our
	fully-insured and self-insured segments. These items are
	retained in our Corporate, All Other segment. Our segments do
	not share overhead costs and assets.


	 


	On June 2, 2005, we acquired Adenta, a network-based
	discount dental company via a merger pursuant to which DCP
	Acquisition Corp., a wholly-owned subsidiary of DCP Holding
	Company, was merged with and into



	1









	Table of Contents






	Adenta. Adenta was acquired for a purchase price of $250,000
	plus the assumption of $241,985 in debt. Adenta was previously
	owned by its dental provider shareholders.


	 


	We acquired Adenta in order to obtain approximately 10,000
	members consisting of approximately 7,000 group members and
	3,000 individual members, and a provider network of
	approximately 500 dentists. Certain aspects of the Adenta
	acquisition are more fully described in Note 2 to the
	consolidated financial statements included in
	Item 8. — Financial Statements and Supplementary
	Data. Of the 10,000 acquired Adenta members, as of
	December 31, 2007 no members continue to be Adenta members
	and approximately 5,600 of the group members have been
	transitioned to either our dental HMO or PPO product. The rest
	elected not to renew their Adenta plan or transition to another
	one of our products.


	 




	Managed
	Dental Benefits Market




	 


	According to the National Association of Dental Plans
	(“NADP”), in 2006 approximately 12.2 million
	persons residing in Ohio, Kentucky and Indiana were covered by
	some form of dental benefit through employer-sponsored group
	plans, other group or individual plans, or publicly funded
	dental coverage. This represents approximately 56% of the
	population of these states. This enrollment level represents an
	increase of approximately 8% from the estimated 2005 enrollment
	level in these states.


	 


	The following table shows the estimated 2006 and 2005 dental
	enrollment statistics for Ohio and Kentucky, the two states
	where we have group dental business:


	 







	 



	 



	 



	 



	 



	 



	 



	 



	 



	 



	 



	 



	 



	 



	 



	 



	 



	 



	 



	 



	 






	 


	 



	Ohio



	 




	 


	 



	Estimated




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 



	Estimated




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 



	%




	 




	 


	 



	2006




	 


	 



	% of




	 


	 



	2005




	 


	 



	% of




	 


	 



	Change




	 




	 


	 



	Enrollment



	 


	 



	Total



	 


	 



	Enrollment



	 


	 



	Total



	 


	 



	2005 to 2006



	 




	 





	Dental HMO



	 


	 


	381,096


	 


	 


	 


	6


	%


	 


	 


	317,822


	 


	 


	 


	5


	%


	 


	 


	20


	%





	Dental PPO



	 


	 


	3,484,872


	 


	 


	 


	52


	%


	 


	 


	3,213,765


	 


	 


	 


	52


	%


	 


	 


	8


	%





	Dental Indemnity



	 


	 


	995,654


	 


	 


	 


	15


	%


	 


	 


	1,107,676


	 


	 


	 


	18


	%


	 


	 


	(10


	)%





	Discount Dental



	 


	 


	365,504


	 


	 


	 


	6


	%


	 


	 


	232,385


	 


	 


	 


	4


	%


	 


	 


	57


	%





	Direct Reimbursement



	 


	 


	33,335


	 


	 


	 


	1


	%


	 


	 


	32,865


	 


	 


	 


	1


	%


	 


	 


	1


	%





	Publicly Funded



	 


	 


	1,328,569


	 


	 


	 


	20


	%


	 


	 


	1,221,712


	 


	 


	 


	20


	%


	 


	 


	9


	%




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 





	Total Dental



	 


	 


	6,589,030


	 


	 


	 


	100


	%


	 


	 


	6,126,225


	 


	 


	 


	100


	%


	 


	 


	8


	%






	 





	 



	 



	 



	 



	 



	 



	 



	 



	 



	 



	 



	 



	 



	 



	 



	 



	 



	 



	 



	 



	 






	 


	 



	Kentucky



	 




	 


	 



	Estimated




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 



	Estimated




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 



	%




	 




	 


	 



	2006




	 


	 



	% of




	 


	 



	2005




	 


	 



	% of




	 


	 



	Change




	 




	 


	 



	Enrollment



	 


	 



	Total



	 


	 



	Enrollment



	 


	 



	Total



	 


	 



	2005 to 2006



	 




	 





	Dental HMO



	 


	 


	96,250


	 


	 


	 


	4


	%


	 


	 


	122,301


	 


	 


	 


	6


	%


	 


	 


	(21


	)%





	Dental PPO



	 


	 


	1,066,891


	 


	 


	 


	46


	%


	 


	 


	835,910


	 


	 


	 


	38


	%


	 


	 


	28


	%





	Dental Indemnity



	 


	 


	353,685


	 


	 


	 


	15


	%


	 


	 


	399,195


	 


	 


	 


	19


	%


	 


	 


	(11


	)%





	Discount Dental



	 


	 


	125,000


	 


	 


	 


	5


	%


	 


	 


	125,000


	 


	 


	 


	6


	%


	 


	 


	0


	%





	Direct Reimbursement



	 


	 


	—


	 


	 


	 


	0


	%


	 


	 


	—


	 


	 


	 


	0


	%


	 


	 


	0


	%





	Publicly Funded



	 


	 


	691,000


	 


	 


	 


	30


	%


	 


	 


	656,450


	 


	 


	 


	31


	%


	 


	 


	5


	%




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 





	Total Dental



	 


	 


	2,332,826


	 


	 


	 


	100


	%


	 


	 


	2,138,856


	 


	 


	 


	100


	%


	 


	 


	9


	%







	 










	Source: 


	NADP & Delta Dental Association, Ohio Department of
	Jobs and Family Services and the Kentucky Cabinet for Health and
	Family Services




	 


	The NADP data indicates that the dental PPO portion of the total
	enrollment in Ohio was 52% in 2006 compared to 52% in 2005 and
	in Kentucky was 46% in 2006 compared to 38% in 2005. Dental HMO
	enrollment increased to 6% of total dental enrollment in Ohio in
	2006 compared to 5% in 2005, and decreased in Kentucky from 6%
	in 2005 to 4% in 2006. Discount dental enrollment in Ohio
	increased in Ohio from 4% in 2005 to 6% in 2006, and decreased
	in Kentucky from 6% in 2005 to 5% in 2006.



	2









	Table of Contents






	Over 97% of our total revenues are derived from dental HMO
	products. Total dental HMO enrollment increased in Ohio in 2006
	compared to 2005, and total dental HMO enrollment decreased in
	Kentucky in 2006 compared to 2005. Our enrollment increased 15%
	in 2006 compared to 2005 and 12% in 2007 compared to 2006.


	 






	Our
	Products




	 


	The following table presents our product membership, premiums
	and administrative services only, or ASO, fees in our respective
	business segments for the year ended December 31, 2007:


	 





	 



	 



	 



	 



	 



	 



	 



	 



	 



	 



	 



	 



	 



	 



	 



	 



	 



	 



	 



	 



	 






	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 



	Percent




	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 



	Total




	 


	 



	of Total




	 




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 



	Premium




	 


	 



	Premium




	 




	 


	 



	Membership



	 


	 



	Premiums



	 


	 



	ASO Fees



	 


	 



	Revenue



	 


	 



	Revenue



	 




	 


	 



	(Dollars in thousands)



	 




	 





	Fully-Insured Dental HMO



	 


	 


	133,700


	 


	 


	$


	38,496


	 


	 


	$


	—


	 


	 


	$


	38,496


	 


	 


	 


	64.2


	%





	Self-Insured Dental HMO



	 


	 


	84,300


	 


	 


	 


	18,724


	(1)


	 


	 


	1,044


	(2)


	 


	 


	19,768


	 


	 


	 


	33.0


	%





	Other Products



	 


	 


	27,000


	 


	 


	 


	1,209


	 


	 


	 


	477


	 


	 


	 


	1,686


	 


	 


	 


	2.8


	%




	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 


	 





	Total



	 


	 


	245,000


	 


	 


	$


	58,429


	 


	 


	$


	1,521


	 


	 


	$


	59,950


	 


	 


	 


	100.0


	%







	 





	 












	(1)




	Self-insured dental HMO premium revenue or premium equivalent
	revenue is based on the gross amount of claims incurred by
	self-insured members and is recognized as revenue when those
	claims are incurred.




	 




	(2)




	Self-insured ASO fees are the administrative fees we charge to
	self-insured employers to manage their provider network and
	process and pay claims. ASO fees are recognized as revenue when
	they are earned.




	 


	Our products primarily consist of dental HMO, dental PPO and
	dental indemnity plans, with dental HMO products constituting
	97% of our total revenues. All of our products are marketed to
	employer groups. Our business model allows us to offer dental
	benefit products including broad networks of participating
	dentists while at the same time promoting the use of private
	practice fee-for-service dentistry, a primary interest of our
	participating dentists. The dental benefit products we offer
	currently vary depending on geographic market. Our objective is
	to offer our dental HMO products in all markets we serve, in
	both fully-insured or self-insured forms. Similar to our
	competitors’ dental PPO products, our dental HMO products
	provide members with access to a broad provider network.


	 


	We currently market our dental HMO, dental PPO, and dental
	indemnity plans to employers in select Ohio, Kentucky and
	Indiana counties.


	 


	In general, our other, non-HMO products are offered in all
	counties in Ohio, Kentucky and Indiana. We do not, however,
	offer our PPO product in the eight county area Dental Care Plus
	has been serving since 1986. This area, which we refer to as our
	original eight county service area, includes Butler, Clermont,
	Hamilton and Warren counties in Ohio, and Boone, Campbell,
	Kenton and Pendleton counties in Kentucky.


	 


	In the markets outside of our original eight county service
	area, including Dayton/Springfield, Ohio and Louisville and
	Lexington, Kentucky, our products are often offered to employer
	groups as “bundles,” where the subscribers are offered
	a combination of dental HMO, dental PPO and dental indemnity
	options, with various employer contribution strategies as
	determined by the employer.


	 


	Individuals become subscribers of our dental plans through their
	employers. Qualified family members of these subscribers become
	members through such individuals. Employers pay for all or part
	of the premiums, and make payroll deductions for any premiums
	payable by the employees.


	 





	Fully-Insured
	Dental HMO





	 


	Our fully-insured dental HMO products segment includes our
	Dental Care Plus dental HMO plan. Under our dental HMO plan,
	premiums are paid to Dental Care Plus by the employer, and
	members receive access to our dentist network in their region.
	Plan designs range from full premium payouts by the employer to
	shared contributions of varying proportions by the employer and
	its employees to full payment by the employees. There are no
	waiting periods and there is no balance billing in our
	fully-insured dental HMO. Covered dental services are



	3









	Table of Contents






	segmented into three categories: preventative, basic and major
	services, typically covered at 100%, 80% and 50%, respectively.
	In most cases, each member has a $1,000 annual maximum benefit
	and $1,000 lifetime orthodontia maximum benefit. For the year
	ended December 31, 2007, fully-insured dental HMO premiums
	totaled approximately $38.5 million, or 64% of our total
	premiums and ASO fees.


	 





	Self-insured
	Dental HMO





	 


	Our self-insured dental HMO segment includes only our ASO
	product, which we offer through Dental Care Plus to employers
	who self-insure their employee dental plans. These employers pay
	all claims according to our fee schedule. We receive fees to
	provide administrative services that generally include the
	processing of claims, offering access to our provider networks,
	and responding to customer service inquiries from members of
	these plans. This product is offered only to larger employer
	groups that have the financial resources to bear the claims risk
	for the dental benefits of employees and their family members.
	Self-insured employers retain the risk of financing
	substantially all of the cost of dental benefits. Self-insured
	employers may purchase stop loss insurance coverage from
	third-party carriers to limit aggregate annual costs. For the
	year ended December 31, 2007, self-insured ASO fees totaled
	approximately $19.8 million, or 33% of our total premiums
	and ASO fees.


	 





	Corporate,
	All Other





	 


	We offer dental PPO and dental indemnity products underwritten
	by Dental Care Plus. We also offer dental PPO, dental indemnity
	and vision PPO benefit plans that are underwritten by
	third-party insurance carriers. Our subsidiary, Insurance
	Associates, is an insurance agency licensed in Ohio, Kentucky
	and Indiana that markets our third-party dental PPO and vision
	benefit products. Insurance Associates earns commissions and
	administrative fees based on members enrolled in the dental PPO
	and vision benefit plans. Our dental indemnity product,
	DentaPremier, is marketed by our internal sales staff and local
	insurance brokers. Our dental PPO, dental indemnity and vision
	benefit product lines collectively aggregated approximately
	$1.7 million in premiums, or less than 3% of total premiums
	and ASO fees, for the year ended December 31, 2007.


	 



	DentaSelect

	 — Our dental PPO product,
	DentaSelect, was introduced in 2005 and is administered by an
	independent third party administrator (“TPA”).
	DentaSelect includes some elements of managed health care;
	however, it includes more cost-sharing with the member, through
	premium contributions, co-payments and annual deductibles.
	Employers and their participating employees typically share the
	cost of premiums in various contribution proportions. Premiums
	are paid to Dental Care Plus or a third-party insurance carrier.
	The DentaSelect PPO also is similar to traditional health
	insurance because it provides a member with more freedom to
	choose a dentist. Members are encouraged, through financial
	incentives, to use participating dentists who have contracted
	with us to provide services at favorable rates. In the event a
	member chooses not to use a participating health care provider,
	the member may be required to pay a greater portion of the
	provider’s fees.


	 



	DentaPremier

	 — Since 2003, we have been
	offering DentaPremier, a dental indemnity product, to employers
	who participate in our Dental Care Plus HMO fully-insured and
	self-insured plans with out of area members or members that
	require complete freedom of provider access. We introduced this
	plan because many Ohio, Kentucky and Indiana employer groups
	have employees in other states performing sales or service
	functions. DentaPremier is a traditional dental indemnity plan
	that allows members to use any dentist they wish. Employers and
	their participating employees typically share the cost of
	premiums in various contribution proportions. As with our dental
	HMO products, members are responsible for paying standard
	deductible amounts and co-payments. Premium rates for
	DentaPremier are generally higher than premium rates for our
	dental HMO products. In 2003, Dental Care Plus entered into a
	contract with a third-party insurance carrier to underwrite this
	plan. In October of 2007, the majority of these dental indemnity
	members were transitioned to Dental Care Plus insurance policies.


	 



	Vision Care Plus

	 — Our vision benefit PPO
	product, Vision Care Plus, is underwritten and administered by
	an independent TPA. Members can access both network and
	out-of-network vision care providers and are subject to fixed
	co-payments and benefit limits. Premium cost is typically shared
	by employers and their participating employees in various
	contribution proportions. We began offering Vision Care Plus in
	2005 to Dental Care Plus employer groups whose existing
	contracts are up for renewal as well as to new employer groups.



	4









	Table of Contents








	Seasonality
	of Dental Service Utilization




	 


	Based on our healthcare service expense on a per member per
	month (“PMPM”) basis that adjusts the quarterly
	healthcare service expense for membership volume changes, our
	dental plan members have historically used their dental plan
	benefits according to a seasonal pattern that has caused our
	quarterly healthcare services expense to be highest in the first
	quarter, slightly below average in the second quarter, slightly
	above average in the third quarter and lowest in the fourth
	quarter. The following table shows these trends in tabular form:


	 







	 



	 



	 



	 



	 



	 



	 



	 



	 



	 



	 



	 



	 



	 



	 



	 



	 



	 



	 



	 



	 



	 



	 



	 



	 






	 


	 



	Healthcare Service Expense



	 




	 


	 



	2007



	 


	 



	2006



	 


	 



	2005



	 




	 


	 



	$000’s



	 


	 



	$PMPM



	 


	 



	$000’s



	 


	 



	$PMPM



	 


	 



	$000’s



	 


	 



	$PMPM



	 




	 





	First Quarter



	 


	 


	12,144


	 


	 


	 


	18.78


	 


	 


	 


	10,543


	 


	 


	 


	18.85


	 


	 


	 


	8,804


	 


	 


	 


	18.33


	 





	Second Quarter



	 


	 


	11,356


	 


	 


	 


	17.96


	 


	 


	 


	9,744


	 


	 


	 


	17.59


	 


	 


	 


	8,924


	 


	 


	 


	16.99


	 





	Third Quarter



	 


	 


	12,620


	 


	 


	 


	18.39


	 


	 


	 


	11,157


	 


	 


	 


	17.95


	 


	 


	 


	9,892


	 


	 


	 


	17.49


	 





	Fourth Quarter



	 


	 


	11,383


	 


	 


	 


	17.44


	 


	 


	 


	9,682


	 


	 


	 


	16.30


	 


	 


	 


	8,270


	 


	 


	 


	15.91


	 







	 


	Claims are higher in the first quarter because almost all of our
	employer-sponsored plan years commence on January 1. The
	third quarter increase is primarily due to the high level of
	dental services used in August by student members prior to
	returning to school. Use of dental services is lowest in the
	fourth quarter due to the holiday season and the fact that a
	portion of our members have already reached their maximum annual
	benefit level for the year.


	 




	Business
	Strategy




	 


	Our objective is to become one of the largest providers of
	dental benefits in the Midwest. Our strategy is to continue
	increasing membership in all of our plans by gaining new
	employer group customers, acquiring other similar dental plans,
	adding more participating dentists to our HMO provider networks
	and increasing our product offerings. We intend to further
	develop the use of dental indemnity and PPO products as a means
	to grow membership sufficient to support the addition of more
	provider relations staff to recruit dentists into our dental HMO
	provider network because we believe the dental HMO products
	marketed by Dental Care Plus represent our best competitive
	advantage.


	 


	Our Dental Care Plus HMO plans offer both the broad provider
	access ordinarily attributed to a dental PPO and the utilization
	review and cost control features of a dental HMO. The
	combination of a large provider network, competitive pricing and
	renewal practices, and an emphasis on outstanding customer
	service have allowed us to effectively compete with dental PPOs.
	Because we are primarily owned by dentists who participate in
	our Dental Care Plus plans, and our dentists are reimbursed on a
	fee-for-service basis, we often have a competitive advantage in
	recruiting and retaining dentists for our network.


	 



	Membership Retention

	 — Employers generally
	contract with our dental HMO plans for a period of one year.
	Continuous marketing and sales efforts are made to obtain
	contract renewals on an annual basis. The ability to obtain
	contract renewals depends on our premium schedules, competitive
	bids received by employers from our competitors, and employee
	satisfaction with our plans, among other factors. The cost of
	replacing lost members is higher than retaining members.
	Accordingly, membership retention is a primary focus of our
	marketing efforts. We strive for consistent employer and broker
	contacts and fair, justified renewal pricing in order to
	increase retention rates. Due to these membership retention
	efforts, we achieved a retention rate of approximately 97.3% in
	2007, compared to retention rates of 96.0% and 98.5% in 2006 and
	2005, respectively.


	 



	Group Billing and Collection

	 — We dedicate
	significant resources to achieving prompt and accurate billing
	for premiums, claims and ASO fees. We also have a structured
	process for monitoring and collecting our accounts receivable.


	 



	Customer Service

	 — We provide customer service
	to employer group administrators, members, and dentists.
	Customer service representatives respond promptly to employer
	and member inquiries regarding member identification cards and
	benefit determinations and provider staff inquiries regarding
	eligibility, benefit verification and claims payments. We strive
	to answer questions in one phone call. We monitor key customer
	service statistics in order to maintain positive customer
	relationships with all constituencies.



	5









	Table of Contents







	Information Technology

	 — In February 2006, our
	new dental plan administration system became fully operational.
	This system allows us to easily adapt to benefit changes sought
	by employer groups and allows for increased efficiencies and
	costs savings in the functional areas of group marketing,
	enrollment, billing, collections, cash application, claims
	adjudication and claims payment by reducing manual processing
	and facilitating the development of electronic membership
	enrollment, electronic group billing, and automated cash
	application. In addition, with the new system we expect an
	increase in the percentage of claims that can be electronically
	loaded and adjudicated. We are also focused on the importance of
	data integrity, ease of data extraction, and interfacing with
	banks, clearinghouses, and other business partners.


	 


	We lease our dental plan administration system equipment under a
	master equipment lease with The Fifth Third Leasing Company
	dated October 1, 2004. The lease term with respect to
	equipment commenced on January 31, 2005 and expires
	January 31, 2008. Under this lease, we are obligated to pay
	the bank $4,443 per month. At the end of the lease term, we have
	the option of either purchasing or returning the equipment. The
	equipment must be purchased at its fair market value, defined as
	the amount agreed upon between us and the lessor, or, if not so
	agreed, the amount determined by an independent appraiser. We
	also lease our dental plan administration software under the
	master equipment lease. The lease term with respect to software
	commenced on January 31, 2005 and expires January 31,
	2009. Under this lease, we are obligated to pay the bank $19,351
	per month. At the end of the lease, we retain use of the
	software and will pay monthly maintenance fees directly to the
	software vendor.


	 




	Dentist
	Networks




	 


	We maintain two separate dental networks comprised of dentists
	who have contracted with Company subsidiaries. As of
	December 31, 2007, we had provider contracts with 1,972
	dentists. Of these participating dentists, 1,007 dentists are
	located in Ohio, 887 dentists are located in Kentucky, 38
	dentists are located in Indiana, and 40 dentists are located in
	other states. Only participating dentists who were in our
	original eight county area may hold Class A redeemable
	common shares of the Company, which are the only voting shares
	in the Company. Of the 1,972 participating dentists, 653 are
	shareholders who each own one Class A voting redeemable
	common share. Most of these 653 shareholders also own 11 or
	more Class B non-voting redeemable common shares. There are
	also 24 shareholders who are retired dentists, each of whom
	owns 12 Class B non-voting redeemable common shares.


	 


	We actively recruit dentist providers in each of our markets. In
	some instances, we identify expansion area counties where
	additional providers are needed and locate dentists in these
	expansion area counties by reviewing state dental licensure
	records. In other cases, new employer group customers request
	that we work to recruit specific dentists their employees desire
	to have access to in our provider network.


	 


	Before a dentist can become a participating provider, we engage
	in extensive due diligence on the dentist’s professional
	licenses, training and experience, and malpractice history. The
	dentist must also be recommended by our Credentialing Committee
	consisting of five experienced dentists who are members of our
	Board of Directors (the “Board”).


	 


	Our provider contracts require that participating dentists
	participate in periodic fee surveys for the purpose of
	establishing our fee schedule, to participate in and be bound by
	our utilization review and credentialing plans (see
	“Utilization Control and Quality Assurance Policies”
	below), to participate in the peer review program of their state
	dental association, to maintain a state license in good standing
	to practice dentistry to maintain professional liability
	insurance coverage in amounts determined by our Board, and to
	maintain patient records in a confidential manner. Our provider
	contracts are for a term of one year and may be automatically
	renewed for successive one year periods unless a written
	termination notice is given by either party on 30 days
	notice.


	 


	Participating dentists are reimbursed for services provided to
	members of our dental plans on a “fee-for-service”
	basis based on a maximum allowable fee schedule we have
	developed or the actual fee charged by the dentist, whichever is
	less. In the case of our dental HMO, reimbursements to dentists
	are subject to a percentage withhold of the amount otherwise
	payable to the dentist. At the end of each fiscal year, our
	Board evaluates the performance of our dental HMO plans, capital
	and surplus requirements prescribed by the Ohio Department of
	Insurance, factors impacting our financial strength rating,
	funding needed to support strategic objectives for the coming
	years and any other factors deemed relevant by the Board and,
	based on that evaluation, determines the amount of the withhold
	that should be paid to dentists, if any. If we have met our
	capital and surplus requirements as



	6









	Table of Contents






	prescribed by the Ohio Department of Insurance (see “State
	Regulations” and “Federal Regulations” below) and
	have the necessary funding to support our strategic objectives,
	the Board will generally authorize a provider withhold payment
	out of excess capital, although there is no requirement to
	authorize such withhold return.


	 


	Our networks are important to the success of our dental HMO
	plans and our PPO plan. We have a dedicated provider relations
	department that communicates with network dentists and performs
	periodic credentialing and re-credentialing of each
	participating dentist.


	 


	We provide access to our Dental Care Plus provider network for a
	fee to a select group of self-insured employer groups
	represented by independent TPAs in Southwestern Ohio and
	Northern Kentucky. Each TPA pays Dental Care Plus a network
	access fee on behalf of the self-insured employer group based on
	the number of employees using the network. The self-insured
	employer group members gain access to the Dental Care Plus
	provider network, and the TPA pays the provider claims in
	accordance with the Dental Care Plus fee schedule. The network
	providers have consented to this arrangement in their provider
	contracts.


	 




	Employees




	 


	In 2007, we employed a total of 52 employees. We have no
	collective bargaining agreements with any unions and believe
	that our overall relations with our employees are good.


	 




	Sales and
	Marketing




	 


	We market our dental plans primarily to employers through
	certain sales personnel and approximately 240 independent
	insurance brokers located in Southwestern Ohio, Dayton, Ohio,
	Northern Kentucky, and Central Kentucky. Approximately 96% of
	our membership comes from the efforts of these independent
	insurance brokers. One independent broker sourced approximately
	39% of our business in 2007. Two other brokers sourced a
	substantial portion of our business, each accounting for
	approximately 7% of our business in 2007.


	 


	Many of our employer group customers are represented by
	insurance brokers and consultants who assist these groups in the
	design and purchase of health care products. We generally pay
	brokers a commission based on premiums, with commissions varying
	by market and premium volume, pursuant to our standard broker
	agreement. In addition to commissions based directly on premium
	volume for sales to particular customers, we also have programs
	that pay brokers and agents on other bases. These include
	commission bonuses based on sales that attain certain levels or
	involve particular products. We also pay additional commissions
	based on aggregate volumes of sales involving multiple customers.


	 




	Utilization
	Control and Quality Assurance Policies




	 


	Utilization control and quality assurance policies are essential
	to our success. Our reimbursement structure limits the frequency
	of various procedures in order to control utilization of dental
	care by members of our fully-insured and self-insured dental
	plans.


	 


	Each dentist in our networks is obligated to adhere to our
	utilization review program. Non-compliance or continued
	deviations from the utilization review program will result in
	sanctions against a dentist. Such sanctions may include
	probation, suspension or expulsion as a participating dentist,
	and may also affect the dentist’s ability to receive
	compensation from the plan for services provided to subscribers.
	We believe that a stringent utilization review program is
	necessary to provide adequate cost containment.


	 


	Our Board of Directors appoints a committee of dentists to
	ensure that the utilization review program is met and
	continually upgraded as appropriate. The Utilization
	Review/Quality Assurance Committee (“UR/QA Committee”)
	is charged with reviewing service patterns of providers and
	requests for pretreatment estimates that do not clearly meet
	appropriate standards.


	 


	The UR/QA Committee is also charged with retrospective review of
	all covered services provided by a dentist to determine whether
	the frequency and nature of the services are in compliance with
	standards adopted by the UR/QA Committee. The UR/QA Committee
	may recommend that the participating agreement of a dentist who
	is not in



	7









	Table of Contents






	compliance with these standards be terminated, suspended or not
	renewed, or that benefits paid to the provider for particular
	services rendered by him or her be reduced.


	 




	Credentialing




	 


	The Credentialing Committee, which is comprised of dentists and
	is appointed by our Board of Directors, has oversight over the
	credentialing of new dentist providers that apply to be
	participating providers in our provider networks. This committee
	oversees the periodic re-credentialing of dentist providers
	already in one of our existing provider networks and evaluates
	whether a dentist should be terminated from one of the provider
	networks if an action is filed against the dentist with a state
	department of insurance or other regulatory agency or the
	provider loses his medical malpractice insurance coverage due to
	an adverse claim. The Credentialing Committee is also charged in
	part with ensuring that all participating dentists maintain good
	standing with regulatory agencies. The recommendations of the
	Credentialing Committee are forwarded to our Board of Directors
	for consideration. Any decision of the Board of Directors,
	whether relating to payment/coverage disputes or sanctions, is
	final.


	 




	Risk
	Management




	 


	Through the use of internally-developed underwriting criteria,
	we determine the risk we are willing to assume and the amount of
	premium to charge for our dental benefit products. Employer
	groups must meet our underwriting standards in order to qualify
	to contract with us for coverage.


	 




	Competition




	 


	The marketing and sale of fully-insured and self-insured dental
	benefit plans is highly competitive. Rising health care benefit
	premiums and changes in the economy have had an impact on the
	number of companies able to offer dental benefits to their
	employees. A significant portion of the employers who offer our
	plans are in the education, government and health care
	industries. Concentration of business in these industries
	insulates us from membership decreases that competitors may face
	if the economy were to enter into a sluggish or recessionary
	period.


	 


	We primarily compete with full-line dental only plans, other
	dental HMO carriers and national insurance companies that offer
	dental or vision coverage. Many of the companies with whom we
	compete are larger, have well-established local, regional,

	and/or

	national reputations, and have substantially greater financial
	and sales resources. It is possible that other competitors will
	emerge as the market for dental plans continues to develop.


	 


	Our major competitors are Delta Dental of Ohio and Delta Dental
	of Kentucky. These competitors operate as dental HMOs and dental
	PPOs in which members receive certain benefit incentives to
	receive services from network dentists. Dental PPO members may
	also use

	non-network

	dentists, but at reduced benefit levels.


	 


	Additional competitors include national insurance companies such
	as Guardian, Met Life, Humana and Anthem. These companies offer
	dental indemnity and dental PPO plans. Most of these dental
	plans are similar to those offered by us in design, and they
	also pay providers on a fee-for-service basis. Dental indemnity
	plans lack the basic characteristics of a dental HMO plan,
	including contractually enforced utilization and quality
	assurance standards and limitations on dentists’ fees, and
	members are not restricted to participating dentists. Dental PPO
	plans include both

	in-network

	benefits similar to those of a dental HMO plan and
	out-of-network benefits like those associated with a dental
	indemnity plan.


	 


	Our ability to offer either or both a dental indemnity plan and
	a PPO plan has had a positive impact on our membership growth.
	We are currently licensed to underwrite dental HMO, dental PPO
	and dental indemnity plans in Ohio. In addition we are licensed
	to underwrite dental HMO and dental PPO in Kentucky. Some of our
	dental indemnity and dental PPO offerings are still underwritten
	by third party underwriters.


	 


	Our main competitors in the fully-insured vision benefit area
	are Vision Service Plan and EyeMed, a subsidiary of
	Lenscrafters. We believe that our vision benefit plans are
	competitively priced and include sufficient benefits to compete
	effectively.



	8









	Table of Contents






	Our dental benefits market share of approximately 15% to 20% in
	Southwestern Ohio and Northern Kentucky market gives us a strong
	competitive position. This market share is due to our large
	provider network, competitive pricing and customer service. In
	2007 our dental membership in Southwestern Ohio increased to
	approximately 201,000 members as of December 31, 2007 from
	approximately 187,000 members as of December 31, 2006.
	Dental membership in Northern Kentucky increased to
	approximately 21,000 members by the end of 2007 from
	approximately 15,000 members at the end of 2006.


	 


	We have less than 10,000 total members in the Dayton and
	Springfield, Ohio market. We have developed a provider network
	in Dayton, Ohio that includes approximately 57% of the licensed
	dentists in the area. Since the introduction of the DentaSelect
	PPO product in 2005, our relationships with brokers in this area
	have improved, and we have added a significant number of
	employer groups. As of December 31, 2007, we had
	approximately 9,200 dental PPO members and approximately 500
	dental HMO members in the Dayton and Springfield market.


	 


	With the acquisition of Adenta, we became a competitor in the
	dental benefits market in Central Kentucky with approximately
	10,000 dental members, consisting of approximately 7,000 group
	members and 3,000 individual members as of June 2005. With the
	addition of approximately 500 network dentists via the Adenta
	acquisition, we now have a network of approximately 700
	dentists, which represents approximately 35% of the licensed
	dentists in Central Kentucky. We have transitioned approximately
	5,600 of the 7,000 Adenta group members acquired at renewal to
	either the DentaSelect PPO product or the Dental Care Plus HMO
	product. In addition, we have been building insurance broker
	relationships in Central Kentucky and have been quoting on new
	employer groups in this market. As of December 31, 2007, we
	had no Adenta members, approximately 500 dental HMO members and
	approximately 6,100 dental PPO members in our Central Kentucky
	market.


	 




	Customers




	 


	During 2007, approximately 22% of our fully-insured premium
	revenue was generated by four employers. Also during 2007,
	approximately 50% of our net self-insured administration and
	claims revenue was generated by two employers. One of these
	employers, The Health Alliance of Greater Cincinnati, generated
	approximately 10% of our consolidated revenue. While we believe
	that our relationship with each of these employers is good,
	there is no guarantee that this will continue to be the case.
	The termination of our relationship with any one of these
	employers could have a material adverse effect on the Company.
	As we continue to increase the number of employers and members
	in our dental plans, our dependence on these employers as a
	source of revenue and enrollment will lessen in proportion to
	our total revenue and size.


	 


	Each of our customers signs a standard form agreement, which
	differs depending on whether the customer is fully-insured or
	self-insured. There are two standard form agreements for
	fully-insured customers — one for employer-sponsored
	plans, and one for voluntary employee plans. All of our standard
	form agreements are for one year terms and automatically renew
	for additional one-year terms. Either party may terminate our
	fully-insured customer contracts by giving 45 days’
	prior written notice, and our self-insured customer contracts by
	giving 60 days’ prior written notice. The premium
	rates set forth in each fully-insured customer contract remain
	in effect during each one year term, and may only be increased
	at renewal.


	 




	State
	Regulations




	 



	General

	 — State insurance laws and other
	governmental regulations establish various licensing,
	operational, financial and other requirements relating to our
	business. State insurance departments in Ohio, Kentucky and
	Indiana are empowered to interpret such laws of their respective
	states and promulgate regulations applicable our business.


	 


	The National Association of Insurance Commissioners
	(“NAIC”) is a voluntary association of all of the
	state insurance commissioners in the United States. The primary
	function of the NAIC is to develop model laws on key insurance
	regulatory issues that can be used as guidelines for individual
	states in adopting or enacting insurance legislation. While NAIC
	model laws are accorded substantial deference within the
	insurance industry, these laws are not binding and variations
	from the model laws from state to state are common.



	9









	Table of Contents






	In 2007, Dental Care Plus was dually licensed as a life and
	health insurance company and a health insuring corporation
	providing specialty health care services under Ohio law, as a
	limited health service benefit plan in Kentucky and as a dental
	HMO in Indiana. The regulations of each state insurance
	department include specific requirements with regard to such
	matters as minimum capital and surplus, reserves, permitted
	investments, contract terms, policy forms, claims processing
	requirements and annual reports. If Dental Care Plus fails to
	maintain compliance with all material regulations, regulatory
	authorities are empowered to take certain actions against it,
	such as revoking its license, imposing monetary penalties, or
	taking over supervision of its operations, or seeking a court
	order for the rehabilitation, liquidation or conservation of
	Dental Care Plus.


	 


	Insurance Associates Plus is licensed in Ohio, Kentucky and
	Illinois as an insurance agency. As such, it is required to have
	at least one insurance agent licensed in each of those states.
	If Insurance Associates Plus fails to meet this requirement in
	Ohio, Kentucky or Illinois, its license could be revoked by the
	state.


	 


	Adenta is licensed as a prepaid dental plan and as a life and
	health insurance agency in Kentucky. Recent changes to Kentucky
	law have lessened the regulatory requirements applicable to
	Adenta, including elimination of the requirement to file annual
	reports with the Kentucky Office of Insurance.


	 



	NAIC Accounting Principles

	 — In 1998, the NAIC
	adopted the Codification of Statutory Accounting Principles that
	became the NAIC’s primary guidance on statutory accounting.
	The Ohio Department of Insurance has adopted the Codification.
	Statutory Accounting Practices (“SAP”) differ in some
	respects from accounting principles generally accepted in the
	United States (“GAAP”). The significant difference for
	the Company is:


	 












	 


	• 


	Similar to GAAP, deferred income taxes are provided on temporary
	differences between the statutory and tax bases of assets and
	liabilities for SAP; however, statutory deferred tax assets are
	limited based upon tests that determine what is an admitted
	asset under SAP. Under SAP, the change in deferred taxes is
	recorded directly to surplus as opposed to GAAP where the change
	is recorded to current operations.




	 



	Risk Based Capital

	 — The NAIC’s Risk-Based
	Capital for Life

	and/or

	Health Insurers Model Act (the “Model Act”) provides a
	tool for insurance regulators to determine the levels of
	statutory capital and surplus an insurer must maintain in
	relation to its insurance and investment risks and whether there
	is a need for possible regulatory action. The Model Act (or
	similar legislation or regulation) has been adopted in states
	where Dental Care Plus does business. The Model Act provides for
	three levels of regulatory action, varying with the ratio of the
	insurance company’s total adjusted capital (defined as the
	total of its statutory capital and surplus, asset valuation
	reserve and certain other adjustments) to its authorized control
	level risk-based capital (“RBC”):


	 












	 


	• 


	If a company’s total adjusted capital is less than or equal
	to 200 percent but greater than 150 percent of its RBC
	(the “Company Action Level”), the company must submit
	a comprehensive plan aimed at improving its capital position to
	the regulatory authority proposing corrective actions.




	 




	 


	• 


	If a company’s total adjusted capital is less than or equal
	to 150 percent but greater than 100 percent of its RBC
	(the “Regulatory Action Level”), the regulatory
	authority will perform a special examination of the company and
	issue an order specifying the corrective actions that must be
	followed.




	 




	 


	• 


	If a company’s total adjusted capital is less than or equal
	to 70 percent of its RBC (the “Mandatory Control
	Level”), the regulatory authority must place the company
	under its control.




	 


	In addition to the levels of regulatory action described above,
	the regulatory authority may impose restrictions, reporting or
	other requirements on companies whenever the regulatory
	authority determines that the financial condition of the company
	warrants such action, notwithstanding the fact the company meets
	the requirements of the Model Act. A regulatory authority may
	also seek an order of the courts placing the company in
	rehabilitation, liquidation or conservation whenever the
	regulatory authority determines that the company’s
	financial condition is hazardous, notwithstanding the fact that
	the company may be in compliance with the requirements of the
	Model Act.


	 


	Dental Care Plus’s statutory annual statements for the year
	ended December 31, 2007 filed with the Ohio Department of
	Insurance reflected total adjusted capital in excess of Company
	Action Level RBC.



	10









	Table of Contents








	Federal
	Regulations




	 



	HIPAA Administrative Simplification

	 — The
	Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996
	(“HIPAA”) authorized the U.S. Department of
	Health and Human Services (“HHS”) to adopt a series of
	regulations designed to simplify the exchange of information
	electronically between health plans and health care providers
	and to promote efficiency within the health care industry, as
	well as to protect the confidentiality and security of
	individually identifiable health information. Pursuant to this
	authority, HHS has adopted a series of regulations which are
	applicable to “Covered Entities,” which include health
	care providers, health plans and health care clearinghouses
	(collectively the “HIPAA Regulations”). The HIPAA
	Regulations adopted to date require Covered Entities to do the
	following: 1) comply with uniform standards for the
	electronic exchange of information in certain transactions
	between health care providers and health plans related to the
	administration of benefits and payment of claims (“Standard
	Electronic Transactions Regulations”); 2) adopt
	certain policies and procedures with respect to the use and
	disclosure of certain protected health information
	(“PHI”) created, received or maintained by the Covered
	Entity, whether in electronic or paper form, and provide
	individuals with a written notice of how the Covered Entity will
	use and disclose PHI and of the individual’s rights with
	respect to PHI (“Privacy Regulations”); 3) adopt
	certain policies and procedures and implement certain technical
	safeguards to protect the security of electronic PHI
	(“Security Regulations”); 4) use certain uniform
	unique identifiers when conducting transactions with health care
	providers (“Standard Provider Identifier Regulations”)
	and employers (“Standard Employer Identifier
	Regulations”). Covered Entities are currently required to
	be in compliance with the Standard Electronic Transactions
	Regulations, the Privacy Regulations, the Security Regulations
	and the Standard Employer Identifier Regulations. The compliance
	date for the Standard Provider Identifier Regulations is
	May 23, 2008.


	 


	Enforcement of the HIPAA Regulations is vested in the Office of
	Civil Rights of HHS, which has the power to investigate
	compliance and complaints. Sanctions for failing to comply with
	or for violation of the HIPAA Regulations include criminal
	penalties of up to $250,000 per violation and civil sanctions of
	up to $25,000 per violation.


	 


	Many of the HIPAA Regulations are complex, and requests for
	regulatory clarification of many aspects are still pending.
	Additional standards under the Standards Electronic Transactions
	Regulations are also pending, and additional regulations
	requiring unique identifiers for other entities, including
	health plans, may be adopted. Little compliance activity has
	occurred to date, leaving few official sources of interpretation
	available beyond the original commentary which accompanied the
	final HIPAA Regulations. We have, however, made a good faith
	effort to comply and believe we are in compliance with the
	requirements of the HIPAA Regulations that are applicable to our
	subsidiaries as of this date.


	 



	GLBA

	 — The Financial Services Modernization Act
	of 1999 (the “Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act,” or
	“GLBA”) contains privacy provisions and introduced new
	controls over the use of an individual’s nonpublic personal
	data by financial institutions, including insurance companies,
	insurance agents and brokers licensed by state insurance
	regulatory authorities. Numerous pieces of federal and state
	legislation aimed at protecting the privacy of nonpublic
	personal financial and health information are pending. The
	privacy provisions of GLBA that became effective in July 2001
	require a financial institution to provide written notice of its
	privacy practices to all of its customers. In addition, a
	financial institution is required to provide its customers with
	an opportunity to opt out of certain uses of their non-public
	personal information. We believe that we are in compliance with
	the GLBA privacy regulations.


	 


	Both GLBA and HIPAA provide that there is no federal preemption
	of a state’s privacy laws if the state law is more
	stringent than the privacy rules imposed under GLBA or HIPAA.
	Pursuant to the authority granted under GLBA to state insurance
	regulatory authorities to regulate, the National Association of
	Insurance Commissioners promulgated a new model regulation
	called Privacy of Consumer Financial and Health Information
	Regulation, which was adopted by numerous state insurance
	authorities. As well, there are other pre-existing state laws,
	including but not limited to insurance regulatory statutes,
	which were not pre-empted by GLBA or HIPAA and which remain in
	effect. We believe we are in compliance with state laws
	governing the privacy of personal financial and health
	information that are applicable to our subsidiaries, to the
	extent such laws are not pre-empted by either GLBA or HIPAA.



	11









	Table of Contents








	AVAILABLE
	INFORMATION




	 


	Our Annual Report on

	Form 10-K,

	Quarterly Reports on

	Form 10-Q,

	Current Reports on

	Form 8-K,

	all amendments to those reports, and other filings with the
	Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) are
	available on the SEC’s website (

	www.sec.gov

	). Copies
	of these documents will be available without charge to any
	shareholder upon request. Request should be directed in writing
	to the Company at 100 Crowne Point Place, Sharonville, Ohio
	45241. In addition, the public may read and copy any materials
	we file with the SEC at the SEC’s Public Reference Room at
	450 Fifth Street, NW, Washington, DC 20549. The public may
	obtain information on the operations of the Public Reference
	Room by calling the SEC at

	1-800-SEC-0330.









BROKERAGE PARTNERS


































© 1995-2017
EDGAR Online, Inc.
All rights reserved • NASDAQ:
EDGR •
Solutions for Corporations  •
Terms of Use • 
Privacy Statement












Dcp Holding Co., Inc.                                                                                                    - Denham Springs                                    , LA         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



LA



Denham Springs



Ready-Mixed Concrete



Ready-mixed Concrete



                            Dcp Holding Co., Inc.
                                    



 





















D 


Dcp Holding Co., Inc.                                                                                                   
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



425 FLORIDA AVE SE DENHAM SPRINGS, LA 70726
Get Directions



(225) 665-6103
 





Business Info



 Founded 1947
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $4,708,154.00
 Employee Count 53
 Industries Ready-mixed Concrete
 Contacts Victor L Holland                                                                                                        







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 1947 the company has been providing Ready-mixed Concrete. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







D

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
















DCP HOLDING COMPANY: Login, Bill Pay, Customer Service and Care Sign-In

































