




















Juan Ernesto De Bedout - Our People - Purdue Engineering














Skip navigation






College of Engineering






















  Juan Ernesto
  
  De Bedout

Advisory Council Chair, Retired Group President Latin American Operations, Kimberly-Clark Corporation


Biography
Juan Ernesto de Bedout retired as group president of Latin American Operations for Kimberly-Clark, maker of Huggies©, Kleenex©, and Scott© consumer products, where he was responsible for the business units in twenty-two Central, South American, and Caribbean countries. Mr. de Bedout joined the company in 1981 as a managing director, and following subsequent roles as general manager, vice president, and president, he was elected group president in 1999. He led numerous expansions, mergers, acquisitions, and strategic alliances, reaching a leadership position throughout the region, and being recognized on various occasions as the best place to work in Latin America by the Great Place to Work Institute. 

Mr. de Bedout is a director of VF Corporation, maker of lifestyle brands such as The North Face©, Timberland© and Vans©. Additionally, he is chair of Purdue's Engineering Advisory Council, a member of the university's Industrial Engineering and Global Affairs Strategic Advisory Councils and of the Penn State Enterprise Integration Consortium Industry Advisory Board. 

Born in Medellín, Colombia, he earned his industrial engineering Bachelor (1967) and Master (1968) degrees from Purdue and received the university's Outstanding Industrial Engineer (1998), Distinguished Engineering Alumnus (2000) and Engineering Alumni Association (2002) awards. Purdue bestowed him an Honorary Doctor in Engineering degree (2013) and more recently, the students selected him an Old Master (2014).

Of great pride are the strategically-impactful, mutual-benefit programs evolving from the Colombia-Purdue Institute that he has helped forge, also known as the CPI. 

His two sons and nephew are all engineers, two of them with Purdue PhD degrees.
 













































Our People - Purdue Engineering














Skip navigation






College of Engineering















Engineering Advisory Council - Active

For more information, visit the Engineering Advisory Council - Active web site.







 


R.P. Kingsly Ambrose

Assistant Professor of Ag and Biological Engineering


 
 





 


Kristi Anseth

Tisone Professor, Chemical and Biological Engineering

Kristi S. Anseth is a Howard Hughes Medical Institute Investigator and Distinguished Professor of Chemical and Biological Engineering at the University of Colorado at Boulder.  Dr. Anseth came to CU after earning her B.S. degree from Purdue University in 1992 and her Ph.D. degree from the University of Colorado in 1994 and completing post-doctoral research at MIT as an NIH fellow.  Her research interests lie at the interface between biology and engineering where she designs new biomaterials for applications in drug delivery and regenerative medicine.  Dr. Anseth's research group has published over 270 publications in peer-reviewed journals and presented over 250 invited lectures in the fields of biomaterials and tissue engineering.  She was the first engineer to be named a Howard Hughes Medical Institute Investigator and received the Alan T. Waterman Award, the highest award of the National Science Foundation for demonstrated exceptional individual achievement in scientific or engineering research.  Dr. Anseth is an elected member of the National Academy of Engineering (2009), the Institute of Medicine (2009), and the National Academy of Sciences (2013).  She is also a dedicated teacher, who has received four University Awards related to her teaching, as well as the American Society for Engineering Education's Curtis W. McGraw Award.  Dr. Anseth is a Fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science, the American Institute for Medical and Biological Engineering, and the Materials Research Society.  She serves on the editorial boards or as associate editor of Biomacromolecules, Journal of Biomedical Materials Research-Part A, Acta Biomaterialia, Progress in Materials Science, and Biotechnology & Bioengineering.
 
 





 


Alexandra Boltasseva

Professor of Electrical and Computer Engineering

Alexandra Boltasseva is a Professor at the School of Electrical and Computer Engineering and Birck Nanotechnology Center, Purdue University, and an adjunct Associate Professor at Technical University of Denmark (DTU). She received her PhD in Electrical Engineering at DTU in 2004. Boltasseva specializes in nanophotonics, nanofabrication, plasmonics and metamaterials. She received the 2013 IEEE Photonics Society Young Investigator Award, 2013 Materials Research Society (MRS) Outstanding Young Investigator Award, the MIT Technology Review Top Young Innovator (TR35) award that "honors 35 innovators under 35 each year whose work promises to change the world", the Purdue College of Engineering Early Career Research Award, the Young Researcher Award in Advanced Optical Technologies from the University of Erlangen-Nuremberg, Germany, and the Young Elite-Researcher Award from the Danish Council for Independent Research. She is a Fellow of the Optical Society of America (OSA), elected member of Materials Research Society (MRS) Board of directors (two-year term, from 2014), senior member of the IEEE and SPIE, and Editor-in-Chief for OSAs Optical Materials Express. Alexandra authored 117 journal articles (h-index 47, Google Scholar) with a total number of citations above 8200.
 
 





 


Gary A. Cummings

Director, Technical Center, JTEKT North American, Inc.

After earning his BS in mathematics with a minor in Industrial Engineering, Gary Cummings earned his MS in Industrial and Operations Engineering from the University of Michigan in 1979. He also attended the Executive Development Program at Cornell University in 1998. Mr. Cummings held several positions with General Motors, including time in Brazil. He recently retired from GM after 32 years of service. Post retirement, Mr. Cummings served as Assistant Vice President at a local Community College. He worked to grow strategic alliances between the Community College and four year institutions. Mr. Cummings is currently serving as the JTEKT NA Technical Center Director. JTEKT supplies Steering, Driveline and Bearing systems to the automotive industry. Mr. Cummings is leading all Steering and Driveline technical, and applications, engineering activities in NA for JTEKT. 

Mr. Cummings was actively engaged in the development of many GM products. He is most proud of his chassis leadership role in the launching of the 1998 Camaro and Firebird as well as the 1999 Corvette Z06 titanium exhaust system. He was nominated for the GM Chairman's Award in 1998 and in 2004 won the U.S.Black Engineer of the Year award in the Corporate Promotion of Higher Education category. 

Mr. Cummings believes that today's engineering students need to take full advantage of their cultural diversity opportunities. The world is getting smaller every day. Engineers who can work effectively in a diverse team environment, converse in multiple dialects, and communicate effectively in both leadership and supporting roles will be able to write their own ticket for career advancement. 

For his part, Mr. Cummings has remained a strong supporter of Purdue engineering. He was the lead coordinator for the GM University Relations Team to Purdue. Several initiatives have been introduced under his stewardship, including the Engineer-in-Residence Program and the Partnership for the Advancement of Collaborative Engineering Education. He was also charged with defining and overseeing the development of corporate grant and research activities at Purdue. He is now focused on establishing a strong linkage between JTEKT and Purdue.
 
 





 


Cheryl Cunningham

President, Parsons Cunningham & Shartle Engineers, Inc.

Cheryl A. Cunningham, PE is the President of Parsons Cunningham & Shartle Engineers, Inc. (PCS Engineers). She received her Bachelor of Science degree in Civil Engineering from Purdue in 1980. She began her career in the construction industry overseeing the construction of nuclear power plants in California and Arizona. Her career then took a slight change to becoming an expert in drainage with consulting engineering firms in Texas and Southern California. 

She moved back home to Indiana in the early 1990's to join a rapidly growing civil engineering, surveying, and inspection consulting firm. Ms. Cunningham became the president and majority owner of PCS Engineers in 1997 and the firm became certified as a Woman Business Enterprise (WBE). She, along with her husband and partner, Chet Parsons, PE (Purdue BSCE 74), have grown the firm to be one of the largest W/DBE civil engineering, surveying and inspection firms in Indiana. PCS Engineers serves both the private and public sector in transportation, water, sewer, and storm sewer infrastructure projects. Some of the recent projects her firm has participated in include the Indianapolis New Midfield Terminal project, I-69, CSO Tunnel Project in Indianapolis, and the Ohio River Bridges. 

Ms. Cunningham is an advocate of promoting engineering, specifically to girls.  She and her sister, Judy Cunningham, recently released the 3rd children's book, "You Can Count On Me! I'm Ziva Marie!", in the series "I Can Be An Engineer".  The books in this series are stories that introduce the concepts of engineering to young children from their perspective.   "Yes I Can! I'm Clover Anne!" and "I Can Find A Way! I'm Lucy Kay!" are the first and second books in the series.  They are currently working on the fourth book in the "I Can Be An Engineer Series". The books are available through Amazon.

Ms. Cunningham is an honored recipient of the 2010 Civil Engineering Alumni Achievement Award from Purdue University.  She serves on the executive committee of the Indiana American Council of Engineering Companies (ACEC) Board of Directors and will serve as the 2016-17 president for ACEC Indiana.   She is a past member of the Purdue Civil Engineering Advisory Council and a past Director of the Purdue Alumni Association.  She is a professional engineer in Indiana, and many of the surrounding states and Arizona and Texas. She and her husband are lifetime members of the President's Council and the Purdue Alumni Association.  She is also a member of the John Purdue Club.

Cheryl is the very proud parent to two sons, Benjamin Harris and Kaelan Cunningham-Barowsky, and two step-sons Matt and Nick Parsons. Ben is an Arizona State graduate and Kaelan, an Indiana University grad. Matt is a Purdue graduate and Nick is a Purdue Civil Engineering graduate.
 
 





 


Jane Zimmer Daniels

Retired Program Director, Clare Boothe Luce Program, Henry Luce Foundation

Jane Zimmer Daniels retired from the Clare Boothe Luce (CBL) Program and the Higher Education Program at the Henry Luce Foundation in New York City.  The CBL Program is the nation’s largest private source of support for women in the sciences and engineering.   Grants totaling some $120,000,000 have been made since the program’s inception in 1989 and more than 1500 women have received scholarships, fellowships or professorships since that time. 

Jane directed Purdue’s Women in Engineering Program for more than 20 years, initiating pre-college, retention, and faculty programs that are still successful in providing women with the best opportunities to reach their full potential as engineering students.  During Jane’s work at Purdue, she founded the Women in Engineering Programs and Advocates Network (WEPAN) and became its first president.  She took a year’s leave in 1993-94 to direct the National Science Foundation’s (NSF) first grant program focused on gender equity.  When she left Purdue in 2001 to begin her work with the Henry Luce Foundation, Jane was named Director Emeritus of Purdue’s Women in Engineering Program.

Jane has received many tributes for her work on behalf of women in engineering and science including the Helen B. Schleman Gold Medallion Award from Purdue Mortar Board; the Vincent Bendix Minorities in Engineering Award from the American Society for Engineering Education (ASEE); the "Special Boilermaker" Award from the Purdue Alumni Association; and more recently the Distinguished Service Award from the national Society of Women Engineers.  She was also named a Woman of Achievement by the Lafayette YWCA and in 2006 joined Leah Jamison in the inaugural class of Purdue’s Women Pioneers.  Most recently (2009) Jane was named a Distinguished Alumna by the College of Education at Purdue.

Jane has been a consultant to colleges and universities, industry, and government in the areas of gender equity, organizational effectiveness, and philanthropy.  She is author and editor of more than 60 articles and chapters in books and speaks regularly to national and international audiences.   Jane is a fellow in both the Society of Women Engineers and the Association of Women in Science.
 
 





 


Juan Ernesto De Bedout

Advisory Council Chair, Retired Group President Latin American Operations, Kimberly-Clark Corporation

Juan Ernesto de Bedout retired as group president of Latin American Operations for Kimberly-Clark, maker of Huggies©, Kleenex©, and Scott© consumer products, where he was responsible for the business units in twenty-two Central, South American, and Caribbean countries. Mr. de Bedout joined the company in 1981 as a managing director, and following subsequent roles as general manager, vice president, and president, he was elected group president in 1999. He led numerous expansions, mergers, acquisitions, and strategic alliances, reaching a leadership position throughout the region, and being recognized on various occasions as the best place to work in Latin America by the Great Place to Work Institute. 

Mr. de Bedout is a director of VF Corporation, maker of lifestyle brands such as The North Face©, Timberland© and Vans©. Additionally, he is chair of Purdue's Engineering Advisory Council, a member of the university's Industrial Engineering and Global Affairs Strategic Advisory Councils and of the Penn State Enterprise Integration Consortium Industry Advisory Board. 

Born in Medellín, Colombia, he earned his industrial engineering Bachelor (1967) and Master (1968) degrees from Purdue and received the university's Outstanding Industrial Engineer (1998), Distinguished Engineering Alumnus (2000) and Engineering Alumni Association (2002) awards. Purdue bestowed him an Honorary Doctor in Engineering degree (2013) and more recently, the students selected him an Old Master (2014).

Of great pride are the strategically-impactful, mutual-benefit programs evolving from the Colombia-Purdue Institute that he has helped forge, also known as the CPI. 

His two sons and nephew are all engineers, two of them with Purdue PhD degrees.
 
 





 


William Dudley

CEO, Bechtel Group, Inc.

Bill Dudley is chief executive officer of Bechtel Group, Inc. He is a member of the company's board of directors and the chairman of the operating committee.

Since joining Bechtel in 1981, Dudley has served in a variety of engineering, project management, and executive management positions around the world. 

He became president of the Oil, Gas & Chemicals business unit in 2001, assumed sponsorship of the Mining & Metals business unit's Latin America and Oceania regions in 2003, and added sponsorship of Asia in 2004.  

Prior to these assignments, Dudley was located in London, where he served as president of Bechtel's Europe, Africa, Middle East, Southwest Asia organization, responsible for all Bechtel business lines in the region. Dudley previously was Bechtel's general manager for Southeast Asia, country manager for Thailand, and general manager of Bechtel's pipeline business in Asia.  

Earlier assignments included managing projects in Thailand; executive assistant to the president of Bechtel Petroleum, Chemical & Industrial Company in Houston; manager of financial services, manager of project controls; and postings on a range of power generation, petroleum, and chemicals projects.

In April 2008, he became Bechtel's president and chief operating officer, overseeing all of the company's business units: Oil, Gas & Chemicals; Power; Civil; Mining & Metals; and Government Services.

Dudley holds a Bachelor of Science degree in civil engineering from Purdue University in Indiana and a master's degree in business administration from the University of Houston. He currently serves on the Board of the U. S.-China Business Council and the Engineering Advisory Council at Purdue.
 
 





 


Duane Embree

Director of the Indiana Office Defense Development and National Director for Military and Defense Initiatives for Ivy Tech Community College

Duane serves as the Director of the Indiana Office Defense Development.  This state agency focuses on promoting and growing the Indiana defense sector's military installations, defense industry, and academic assets through local, state and regional economic development organizations and by commercialization of defense and federal intellectual property to create new products, companies and jobs. 

Duane also serves as the National Director for Military and Defense Initiatives for Ivy Tech Community College where he focuses on workforce development and economic development initiatives across the defense sector.

Duane is a retired member of the Senior Executive Service where he served in a number of Department of Navy senior civilian leadership roles.  Most recently as the Technical Director of the Crane Division of the Naval Surface Warfare Center. 

Duane holds a B.S in Mechanical Engineering from Purdue University and a Master of Public Affairs from Indiana University.
 
 





 


Viveca Fairbanks-Henderson

Senior Director for Kellogg North America Supply Chain Packaging

Viveca Fairbanks-Henderson is the Senior Director for Kellogg North America Supply Chain Packaging.  In her role, Viveca is accountable for identifying packaging synergies and solutions across the Kellogg North America business units and distribution channels.

Viveca joined Kellogg in 2012.  While at Kellogg, Viveca has served as the Senior Director for R&D Cost Optimization where she delivered Food and Packaging reformulation savings across the North America business units; and as the Senior Director for Global Pringles Engineering. 

Viveca began her career as a Power & Controls Engineer at Procter & Gamble (P&G) in Cincinnati, Ohio in 1991.  During her 21 year career at P&G, Viveca progressed through regional and global roles of increasing responsibility.  Most recently at P&G, Viveca was the Associate Director of Global Pringles Engineering, Materials and Packaging Innovation. 

Viveca is a proud Boilermaker and earned her Bachelor's degree in Electrical Engineering from Purdue in 1990.  While at Purdue, Viveca served as President of the National Society of Black Engineers.  After graduation, Viveca maintained strong ties with Purdue serving on the NSBE Industrial Advisory Board, the Purdue Alumni Association Board of Directors and the Purdue Alumni Association Executive Committee. In addition, she served as President of the Purdue Black Alumni Organization for ten years. 

Viveca and her husband Darren Henderson, a fellow Purdue electrical engineering alum, live in Michigan. Viveca and Darren are the proud parents of a ten-year old son Bryce that they affectionately describe as an adult history buff in a child's body.

Viveca is very engaged in the community and is a member of several service-focused organizations. She is a member of Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Incorporated; the Second Vice-President for the Kalamazoo Michigan Chapter of The Links, Incorporated; and the Foundation Chairperson for the Southwestern Michigan Chapter of Jack & Jill of America, Incorporated.  Professionally, Viveca is a member of the CALIBR Global Leadership Network.

Outside of work, Viveca enjoys spending time with family and friends, traveling, reading and collecting art. She has a passion for developing youth and frequently conducts etiquette workshops for students at the elementary school, high school and college level.

She lives by the following motto: "We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, therefore, is not an act, but a habit."
 
 





 


Harold Force

President and CEO, Force Construction Co., Inc.; Executive Vice President, Force Design, Inc.

Mr. Harold Force is President and CEO of Force Construction Co., Inc., and Executive Vice President of Force Design. He joined the family company full time in 1974 after completing his studies at Purdue and was named president of Force Construction in 1980.

Force has witnessed the growth of civil engineering over the years, using his firsthand knowledge to help advise the School of Civil Engineering as a member and chair of its Advisory Board. One of the ways in which Force has influenced change at Purdue can be seen in the emerging architectural engineering emphasis of the civil engineering curriculum. This was driven, in part, by his own experience with Force Design, Inc., which offers engineering and architectural design services for the company's design-build projects. The new area of study was a response, as well, to students who sought study and practice that involved the interface of architecture and civil engineering with building design and construction. The Bowen Laboratory for large-scale civil engineering research was also the result of collaboration among civil engineering advisory board members, faculty, and key donors during Force's tenure as chairman.

Whether championing new areas of study at Purdue, overseeing nearly 200 projects for Japanese and Japanese joint venture companies establishing operations in Indiana and the United States, or presiding over the Columbus, Indiana, Economic Development Board, Force has found a myriad of ways to contribute to a profession that continues to intrigue him.
 
 





 


Bill Frederick

Retired, Vice President AppleCare and Logistics, Apple

Bill Frederick recently retired as Apple's Vice President of AppleCare and Logistics, leading a team of people around the world who deliver service and support and manage supply chain logistics for all of Apple's iconic products.   Bill has played a vital role in Apple's remarkable growth over the past decade as he built an award winning customer experience in Applecare, grew Apple's logistics infrastructure to enable over 30 times growth in revenue, and helped launch and build Apple's chain of 400 retail stores.   Most recently Bill added a new challenge leading Apple's Supplier Responsibility team, ensuring that working conditions in Apple's supply chain are safe, that workers are treated with respect and dignity, and that manufacturing processes are environmentally responsible.   Bill's over 14 years with Apple have also included roles leading desktop manufacturing and global fulfillment.

Prior to Apple, Bill spent 14 years with IBM where he held senior management positions in materials management, logistics, engineering, and information systems.  Bill also spent 3 years as Vice President of Operations for Intelligent Electronics, a technology products distributor, where he was responsible for the company's logistics, distribution, and configuration operations.

Bill earned a Bachelors of Science degree in Industrial Engineering from Purdue in 1982 and an MBA from Duke University in 1987.  He lives in the San Francisco Bay area with his wife Karen.
 
 





 


Deborah L. Grubbe

President and Owner, Operations & Safety Solutions, LLC

Deborah Grubbe is President of Operations and Safety Solutions, a consultancy that offers competitive strategies and methodologies to solve operational issues in the process industries. Formerly vice president of Group Safety for BP plc, Ms. Grubbe oversaw the two safest years in BP's history during 2006 and 2007. She joined BP in 2005 after a 27-year career with DuPont, where she held corporate director roles in engineering, operations and safety. 

Ms. Grubbe is a former member of the NASA Aerospace Safety Advisory Panel, and was a consultant to the Columbia Shuttle Accident Investigation Board.  A former member of the State of Delaware Engineering Board, she is currently leading an Engineering Ethics Collaboration Project between the American Institute of Chemical Engineers and the Institution of Chemical Engineers in the United Kingdom.  She is also an Emeritus Member of the Centre for Chemical Process Safety.

Born in Chicago, Illinois, Deborah earned her BS in Chemical Engineering from Purdue and was a Winston Churchill Fellow at the University of Cambridge, England, where she obtained a certificate in post graduate studies in chemical engineering. She received the Outstanding Chemical Engineer Award in 1994, the Purdue University Engineering Alumni Service Award in 2001, the Distinguished Engineering Alumni Award in 2002, and received an Honorary Doctorate in Engineering in 2010. Ms. Grubbe was named Delaware's Engineer of the Year in 2002, and was inducted into the National Academy of Construction in 2013.

One of Ms. Grubbe's proudest achievements was when she brought a business idea from concept to commercial reality by successfully applying industrial safety to healthcare.  Her proudest personal moments come when she is able to help someone overcome an obstacle.
 
 





 


Kaitlin Harris

Undergraduate Representative

Kaitlin Harris is a junior pursuing a dual degree in Anthropology and Environmental and Ecological Engineering at Purdue University. Kaitlin grew up in Bedford, Indiana where her passion for nature and the outdoors began. Currently, Kaitlin is a Purdue University Resident Assistant in Earhart Hall where she helps build a community of young women engineers. She is also an Intern at Discovery Park's Center for the Environment. Kaitlin's career goals lie in sustainable communities and resilient culture. She aims to be involved in solving global issues by working to understand local perspectives and create culturally relevant solutions. She recently studied abroad in the Brazilian Amazon and lived with the Kayapó, an indigenous community, where she learned about anthropological methods and Kayapó culture. She is currently involved in a research team focusing on human waste recycling and recovery. In her spare time Kaitlin enjoys outdoor activities, especially hiking and tree climbing, and loves to experience new places with her friends and family.
 
 





 


Jay Ihlenfeld

Retired, Senior Vice President, Asia Pacific, 3M and serving on the Board of Directors for Celanese Corporation and Ashland Global Holdings

Jay retired as Senior Vice President, Asia Pacific for 3M in 2012.  In this role he was based in Hong Kong and traveled extensively throughout the region with responsibility for 14 3M subsidiaries and regional support functions. During his 34 year career with 3M, he held numerous positions including Senior Vice President, Research and Development, Executive Vice President, Sumitomo/3M and Vice President, 3M Performance Materials Division. Besides Hong Kong, Dr. Ihlenfeld has been posted overseas in Germany, Belgium and Japan.

He received his BS in Chemical Engineering from Purdue in 1974 and his PhD in Chemical Engineering in 1978 from the University of Wisconsin Madison.  In 2001, Dr. Ihlenfeld received the Outstanding Chemical Engineering Award and also the Distinguished Engineering Alumni Award from Purdue.  He received the Distinguished Service Citation from the College of Engineering, University of Wisconsin-Madison in 2004.  

Dr. Ihlenfeld is currently serving on the Board of Directors for Celanese Corporation and Ashland Global Holdings.  He is a member of the Industrial Advisory Board, College of Engineering, University of Wisconsin-Madison and has previously served on the Board of Chemical Sciences and Technology (BCST) of the National Academy of Sciences. He also chairs the Visiting Committee of the Department of Chemical and Biological Engineering at UW-Madison and is a member of the Board of Directors of the Minnesota Orchestral Association. His interests include cross leadership effectiveness, educational innovation, building global competitiveness and encouragement of STEM education. Dr. Ihlenfeld and his wife, Cynthia, currently reside in the Twin Cities where they enjoy the arts and travel.
 
 





 


Kathy Kilmer

Director, Sales Channel Analytics and Insights, Disney Destinations

As director of Sales Channel Analytics and Insights for Disney Destinations worldwide, Kathy oversees a team that works alongside Sales and Travel Operations (SATO) and Marketing senior leaders to evaluate and translate channel and distribution strategies into business plans, assess market trends in Sales, develop and administer sales incentive planning, set the third party nets and commission structure, and provide decision support and analytics.  In addition, her Sales Channel Program Management team provides integration and continuous improvement support for the sales teams and worldwide call centers in the areas of technology implementations, telecommunications, and intermediary sales applications.  

Prior to her current role, Kathy was director of Industrial Engineering for Walt Disney Parks and Resorts U.S., overseeing more than 120 industrial engineers who served as internal business consultants applying the IE skill set to a multitude of business challenges. Her role involved improving the effectiveness, efficiency and overall profitability across all areas of the business from front-of-house operations (e.g., six theme parks, two water parks, 20 resorts, two Downtown Disney areas, Disney Cruise Line, etc.) to back-of-house operations (e.g., four textile Plants, three distribution centers, asset maintenance, energy management, etc.), as well as sales and marketing, and new development around the world. 
A graduate of Purdue University, Kathy received a B.S. in industrial engineering. During her time at Purdue, she spent five terms in the co-operative engineering education program working at General Electric.  She also holds two master's degrees from the University of Central Florida (UCF): a master's of science degree in operations research and an executive master's of business administration.
In addition to many keynote speaking engagements, she is on Purdue University's Engineering Advisory board and INFORMS Analytics Certification Board.  She has demonstrated her passion and commitment to increasing K-12 students' awareness of the engineering field through a video that can be seen on IIE's website (http://www.iienet2.org/media/disney/flowplayer.htm) and being featured on the Today in America show. 
Kathy is a recipient of the Institute of Industrial Engineers' (IIE) UPS Excellence Award for Minority Advancement, Disney's Partners In Excellence lifetime achievement award, Purdue University's Outstanding IE Alumni Award, IIE's Fellows Award, is an inductee in Purdue University's Engineering Cooperative Education Hall of Fame, and recently received Purdue University's Distinguished Engineering Alumni award.
 
 





 


Cathie Kozik

Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer, PSAV

Cathie Kozik is a seasoned leader who believes that success comes from delivering strong results with a great team.  She has spent her career building high performing teams in information technology, customer service, and engineering in the telecommunications, public safety and transportation industries.   Ms Kozik joined PSAV in 2015 as Chief Information Officer (CIO) and Senior Vice President.  As CIO, Cathie is responsible for ensuring that PSAV has the information solutions needed to improve PSAV??s effectiveness and efficiency in delivering services to our customers around the globe.

Prior to joining PSAV, she was the Executive Vice President and CIO for the Hub Group, a $3+ Billion transportation company. Here, she was highly focused on re-invigorating the information technology team to deliver high business value, high quality, on time programs with strategic and secure use of cloud service offerings and other current technologies, processes and approaches. 

Prior to the Hub Group, she spent 10 years at Motorola,, Inc, where she held roles in customer service and information technology.  In addition to leading IT for key divisions such as the Mobile Devices business and overall IT Operations, in 2010, Ms Kozik led the information technology separation of the company as it split into two publicly traded companies.  Prior to Motorola, Ms Kozik worked for Tellabs in engineering and Information technology, serving as its first CIO, and for AT&T in engineering.  She graduated from Purdue in 1982 with her Bachelors of Science in Electrical Engineering, where she was named a Distinguished Engineering Alumnae in 2015.  She graduated from University of Chicago in 1987 with her Masters of Business Administration.  Ms Kozik serves on the board of Northwestern Memorial Health Care (NMHC), one of the nations top providers of healthcare, and the board for Lumity, a non-profit focused on providing transformational experiences to inner city youth, preparing them for lifelong STEM careers.
 
 





 


Kate Kustermann Rivera

Chief of Staff to Technology Chief Talent Officer, Deloitte Consulting LLP

Kate Kustermann Rivera is a proud Boilermaker with over twenty-four years of consulting, management, and engineering experience in the U.S. and Europe. She is currently the Chief of Staff to the Chief Talent Officer of Deloitte Consulting's Technology practice. She and her family repatriated to Chicago in 2012 after four years in Paris, where she most recently served as Chief of Staff for Deloitte's Europe/Middle East/Africa (EMEA) Public Sector Consulting practice. 

With Deloitte Consulting for over twelve years, she began in the Chicago office as a Senior Manager in Technology Integration, where she helped Public Sector clients redesign their business processes and implement complex technology systems. She then led strategic initiatives in eminence, brand/reputation, and consulting positioning for the U.S. Chief Strategy Officer. Ms. Rivera joined the Paris office in 2008, initially conducting Quality/Risk reviews of European Member Firms and then driving strategy to grow the regional EMEA Public Sector practice. 

Prior to Deloitte, she served as Deputy Chief Information Officer at the City of Chicago where she reengineered the City's one-billion dollar procurement process and successfully implemented the city-wide Oracle ERP financials and purchasing system. She previously worked for Motorola as Manager of Strategic Marketing, where she developed new branding and channel strategies for land mobile products. Prior to that, she was a Senior Associate at CSC Index (management consulting firm) specializing in redesigning operations and implementing culture change in large utility and petrochemical clients. Ms. Rivera began her career as a Product Development Engineer for Procter & Gamble on the Crest and Metamucil health care products. 

Ms. Rivera earned her M.B.A. at the Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University in 1994. In 1990, she graduated magna cum laude with a B. S. in Mechanical Engineering from Purdue, where she was awarded the 'Outstanding Senior in the Schools of Engineering' and delivered the engineering commencement speech. She is a certified Project Management Professional (PMP) and was honored as an 'Ellen Gabriel Fellow' in 2005 for her leadership at Deloitte.
 
 





 


Emily M. Liggett

Chief Executive Officer, NovaTorque, Inc.

Ms. Emily Maddox Liggett joined DuPont as a field engineer after receiving her chemical engineering degree. She began as a process engineer and worked through a variety of assignments in manufacturing, development, strategic planning, and customer support. She attended Stanford University to earn an MBA and an MS in manufacturing systems engineering. 

Ms. Liggett's work has taken her around the globe: Lausanne, Switzerland, with EPFL; Sydney, Australia, with McKinsey Consultants; and Brussels, Belgium, with the European Community Task Force for Industrial Innovation. After graduate school, she joined Raychem, a high-growth materials science company. She completed assignments in sales and marketing, operations, and general management assignments, including GM of Telecommunications and CEO of Elo TouchSystems. 

Since then, Ms. Liggett has been CEO of Capstone Turbine, a clean energy company, CEO of Apexon, a manufacturing software company and is currently CEO of NovaTorque, a high efficiency electric motor company.  Emily also serves on the Board of Directors of UCT (NASDAQ: UCTT).  She loves growing businesses through developing and launching new classes of technology-based products and is proud of developing new conductive polymer applications, such as self-limiting heaters and resettable fuses, introducing touchscreens as computer input devices, and generating energy with clean gas turbines.  Solving important problems without causing negative consequences is an important challenge for engineers.  Her advice for engineering students is to take time to look at the big picture while respecting the need for attention to detail. 

Ms. Liggett was named an Outstanding Chemical Engineer by Purdue in 1999 and a Distinguished Engineering Alumna in 2004. She enjoys applying creativity and problem-solving skills on boards of both for-profit and non-profit organizations as well as in the community, in her church, and with her wonderful family of a Purdue husband and four children.
 
 





 


James Miller

Vice President, Worldwide Operations, Google Inc.

Jim Miller is vice president of worldwide Operations at Google. In this role, he has responsibility for global operations, planning, supply chain and new product introduction for Google’s IT infrastructure and Google Fiber.  Additionally, he has responsibility for Google Energy and Corporate & Social Responsibility.  He is also actively engaged with Google’s efforts in the area of Computational Genomics and Biology as the executive sponsor.  

Prior to joining Google in 2010, Jim was executive vice president of Sanmina-SCI Corporation, one of the world’s largest electronic manufacturing service providers, where he had responsibility for their industrial, clean tech, multimedia and automotive businesses.  

Jim has held a variety of leadership roles throughout his career. He has held numerous executive leadership roles in operations and supply chain management at Cisco, Amazon.com, Teledesic LLC, Intel and IBM.

Jim has a bachelor’s degree in aerospace engineering from Purdue University, a master’s degree in mechanical engineering from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and a master’s degree in management from the Sloan School of Management at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology where he was a “MIT Leaders for Manufacturing” Fellow.

Jim serves on the advisory board  of a number of West Coast clean tech and supply chain software start-ups, including Docusign. He also serves on the Engineering Advisory Committee for Purdue University’s School of Engineering, where is he is a recipient of the Distinguished Engineering Alumni Award and the Outstanding Aerospace Engineer Award. Jim is also a on the Leadership Council of the Corporate Eco Forum, a cross-industry consortium to help accelerate sustainable business practices.  Jim also serves on the MIT Corporation, which provides counsel on current activities and future directions of MIT.
 
 





 


Craig Moughler

Senior Vice President, Valvoline & Managing Director, Valvoline International Inc.

Craig Moughler is senior vice president of Valvoline and managing director for Valvoline International Inc. In this role, he is responsible for the successful long-term growth of international markets for Valvoline, a division of Ashland Inc. Best known for marketing and distribution of its branded Valvoline lubricants and automotive chemicals in more than 160 countries and territories around the world, it also owns and operates Valvoline Instant Oil Change (VIOC), the second largest quick lube chain in the U.S. 

In addition to responsibility for international markets, Moughler is charged with expansion of the company's global OEM business, which provides a variety of products and services to a range of original equipment  makers.  Both the International and OEM business units have been targeted for substantial growth within Valvoline. 

Mr. Moughler joined Valvoline in 1988 as manager of plant engineering, later moving into vice president positions in several operating units, including VIOC, global manufacturing and distribution, e-business and business transformation. He began his current role with Valvoline International in October 2002. 

Mr. Moughler serves as a director for Valvoline joint venture operating companies in India, China, Thailand, Ecuador, Columbia and Argentina. At one point he managed his worldwide team from Shanghai, Peoples Republic of China, from 2007 to 2009. 

A native of Indiana, he holds a bachelors degree in civil engineering from Purdue University (1979), and an MBA from the University of New Orleans (1984). He is a member of the American Society of Civil Engineers, and has held leadership positions in several industry and charitable organizations, including the Petroleum Packaging Council the World Trade Center of Kentucky, and the Opportunity Workshop of Lexington. Mr. Moughler and his wife reside in Lexington, Ky.; they have three adult daughters who also live in the area.
 
 





 


Patricia Poppe

President and Chief Executive Officer of CMS Energy and its principal subsidiary, Consumers Energy

Patricia K. Poppe is President and Chief Executive Officer of CMS Energy and its principal subsidiary, Consumers Energy, which serves 1.8 million electric customers and 1.7 million natural gas customers. The company has annual revenues of $6.1 billion, assets totaling $18.6 billion and 7,300 employees. She was elected to this position in July 2016.

Poppe most recently served as Senior Vice President of Distribution Operations, Engineering and Transmission. She was responsible for engineering, maintenance and operations of the electric and natural gas delivery systems.

Prior to that, Poppe served as Vice President of Customer Experience, Rates and Regulation. She joined Consumers Energy in January 2011 as Vice President of Customer Operations.

Previously, Poppe served as a Power Plant Director at DTE Energy. Prior to joining DTE Energy, Poppe held a variety of plant management positions in the automotive industry.

Poppe earned a master's degree in management from the Stanford University Graduate School of Business and received a bachelor's degree and master's degree in industrial engineering from Purdue University.
 
 





 


Sandra L. Postel

Retired, Vice President, Boeing Commercial Airplanes

Prior to her retirement in August, 2009, Ms. Postel served as Vice President of Manufacturing, Quality and Boeing Production System Strategy for Boeing Commercial Airplanes.  Prior to this, she had assignments such as vice president/general manager of Propulsion Systems, interim president of Boeing Canada in Winnipeg, Manitoba, and vice president of quality for BCA. She also led efforts in design-to-build activities for Boeing 777 new product development, production of advanced composites aircraft components, research and development of manufacturing and quality equipment and processes, and the manufacture and design of aircraft interiors, of which she is most proud to have replaced every interior airplane part to improve fire worthiness. 

Ms. Postel is a Distinguished Alumnus at Purdue University (2002), where she earned a bachelor's degree in biology and served on the Society of Women Engineers industrial advisory board from 1995-2009.  She completed a master's degree in natural sciences at the University of Wyoming and executive management programs at Duke University and Harvard Business School. 

In 2007, Ms. Postel was honored by the Society of Women Engineers (SWE) with its Upward Mobility Award, recognizing her outstanding technical management at the senior level and service as a role model, leader, and advocate for diversity. She is a Fellow in the Society of Women Engineers and serves on the Board of Trustees.  In 2010, she was honored by SAE as the recipient of the F Cordell Breed Award for women leaders. She also serves on the board of Special Olympics Washington. 

Ms. Postel reminds young engineers that education is not limited to the classroom. Leaders are built through leadership experiences. Students who take advantage of extra-curricular activities are poised for success in their future companies and communities.
 
 





 


Andrew Reynolds

Retired Senior Advisor, U.S. Department of State

Mr. Reynolds served 40+ years at the U.S. Departments of Energy and State with responsibilities for S&T and engineering issues, forecasting, strategic planning, non-proliferation, export controls and cooperative research.  He was DOE representative, US Mission to OECD in Paris, 1983-1986; Executive Secretary, US/USSR Peaceful Uses of Atomic Energy Agreement, 1986-1990; S&T Counselor, US Embassy, Rome, 1996-2000; and Deputy to four S&T Advisers to the Secretary of State, 2000-2011.  From 2007, he led the U.S. delegation to the UN Commission on S&T for Development and served as Chairman in 2013-2014.  In 2011, Mr. Reynolds was appointed Senior Advisor for Space and Advanced Technologies, concluding his federal career in the Office of International Communications and Information Policy which facilitates Internet governance and deployment of information and communications technologies (ICTs) for development.  

Mr. Reynolds serves on boards at Purdue, Virginia, and Villanova, Engineers without Borders-USA, and the World Federation of Engineering Organizations.  He advises the UN on S&T, engineering, ICTs and Internet as enablers for the new Sustainable Development Goals and 2030 Development Agenda, is a member of UN Network Eleven and a Senior Fellow in Global Urban Development, an NGO.  Mr. Reynolds holds a BA from UVa and MS degrees from GW University and the National Intelligence University.
 
 





 


Jennifer Rumsey

Vice President and Chief Technical Officer at Cummins

Jennifer Rumsey is currently Vice President and Chief Technical Officer at Cummins.  In this role she leads the global technical organization responsible for research and engineering across Cummins four business units.  Her early career focused on control systems and system engineering; initially at a fuel processing and fuel cell start-up company in Cambridge, Massachusetts. In 2000 she moved to Cummins and has worked in a variety of engineering roles across Cummins' Engine and Components business units including advanced technology development, new product development, and current product engineering.  

Jennifer is a member of the Society of Women Engineers, Society of Automotive Engineers, and Women in Trucking Association.   She holds a BSME from Purdue University and a MSME from Massachusetts Institute of Technology.  Jennifer and her husband Jim have two daughters and are active members of First United Methodist church in Columbus.  They enjoy hiking, cycling, and traveling.
 
 





 


Rhonda Sherwood

Founding Vice Chairman, Mount Sinai Children's Environmental Health Center Executive Board, New York, NY

Founding Vice Chairman, Mount Sinai Children's Environmental Health Center Executive Board, New, York, NY
After earning her BSE in Biomedical Engineering from Purdue University, Ms. Sherwood began her career at General Electric Medical Systems (now known as GE Healthcare) in Waukesha, Wisconsin, where she worked in engineering, marketing and sales positions.  This was an exciting time to work in the radiology industry because the MRI scanner had just received FDA approval.  She subsequently earned her MBA at the Kellogg Graduate School of Management at Northwestern University.  After working as a management consultant in the plastics and petroleum industries, Ms. Sherwood made a conscious decision to return to the healthcare industry.  As a healthcare consultant, she advised hospitals and physicians on developing radiology and other outpatient centers and conducted due diligence for the venture capital division of the LINC Group, a health care finance company in Chicago.  

After moving to the New York area with her husband and three young children, Ms. Sherwood turned her focus to the subject of environmental health, a lifelong passion.  In 2007, under the leadership of Dr. Philip Landrigan, the chairman of the Department of Preventive Medicine of the Mount Sinai School of Medicine, Ms. Sherwood co-founded the executive board of the Mount Sinai Children's Environmental Health Center (CEHC) in New York.  She served in the role of Vice Chairman of the Executive Board for seven years and founded a fundraiser, aptly named, "Greening Our Children", that will celebrate its 10th anniversary in 2017.  Through board contributions and its fundraiser, the CEHC raised over $4 million to fund a laboratory called the Senator Frank R. Lautenberg Environmental Health Sciences Laboratory to honor the late U.S. senator from New Jersey.  The lab is dedicated to analyzing chemicals and air quality to determine the possible environmental causes of autism, ADHD, pediatric cancers and other diseases affecting today's children.  Chemicals of concern include artificial turf field crumb rubber, flame-retardants, pesticides, endocrine disrupting chemicals found in perfumes and plastics, and lead.

Ms. Sherwood has successfully lobbied for the ban of BPA in baby bottles in Connecticut and has lobbied for bans of phthalates in personal care products, shredded tire crumb rubber on playing fields and playground surfaces, and flame retardants in furniture.  In addition to her work as an environmental health lobbyist and CEHC board member, Ms. Sherwood is committed to working with Dean Jamieson to promote the value of a Purdue Engineering degree to prospective students in the New York tri-state area.
 
 





 


Ian Steff

Senior Advisor, Nanotechnology and Advanced Manufacturing, IEDC

Ian Steff serves as the State of Indiana's Senior Advisor for Nanotechnology and Advanced Manufacturing. Steff joins the IEDC, the state's lead economic development agency, fresh from the nexus of technology, policy, and economics, the Semiconductor Industry Association (SIA) in Washington, DC. At SIA for nearly a decade, he served as vice president of global policy and technology partnerships. During his tenure, Steff led initiatives that promoted market growth on behalf of American chip designers and manufacturers. He also supported successful technology partnerships between industry, government, and universities to ensure U.S. competitiveness in the nanotechnology era. 

In Indiana, Steff oversees strategies to further develop the nanotechnology industry and related advanced manufacturing initiatives. Lux Research estimates that global sales of products containing nanotech components will reach $2.4 trillion in 2015. With its location, excellent economic climate, and access to strong research universities and high-tech community colleges, the state will promote and build upon its existing nanotechnology platform to attract major investments and jobs. Steff manages projects associated with the nanotechnology and advanced manufacturing vertical, business attraction, expansion and retention including the coordination of site visits, and working with local economic development organizations and other organizations/agencies.

Steff graduated Magna Cum Laude from American University where he possesses a B.A. in International Studies. He also studied at the National Defense University in Washington, D.C., and completed the George Washington University's M.A. program in International Science and Technology Policy.  He is a member of Phi Beta Kappa and is a past recipient of the D.C. NASA Space Consortium Grant.  

He served as Chairman of the Executive Committee of the Board of Directors of the United States Information Technology Office in Beijing, and on the Executive Committee of the International Technology Roadmap for Semiconductors (ITRS) and the Advisory Board of Rochester Institute of Technology's (RIT) School of Microelectronics. Steff is on the Board of Directors of the Battery Innovation Center (BIC) and the Institute for Advanced Composites Manufacturing Innovation (IACMI). He serves on the Dean of Engineering's Advisory Council at Purdue University and the Advisory Council for the Vice Chancellor for Research at IUPUI. Steff is a member of the program committee for the International Nanotechnology Conference (INC) on Communication and Cooperation. Prior to SIA, Steff worked for the U.S. House of Representatives on the Ways and Means Trade Subcommittee.
 
 





 


Carol Sturman

Founder and President,  Sturman Industries

Carol Sturman earned her Bachelor of Science degree in education with a minor in Art from the University of Minnesota in 1967. She completed her graduate courses in art and design at UC Northridge and UCLA in California. Her professional experience began with teaching. Moving into sales, she spent ten years with a large regional California real estate company where she advanced to the position of Vice President in residential home sales. 

In 1989 Carol founded a research and development company specializing in the application of high tech digital controls technology in mechanical systems, based on the technology invented by Eddie Sturman, the technical leader of the company, who became a partner with Carol in Sturman Industries in 1990. As the founder and President, Carol was responsible for the company start up, corporate business culture development, contract negotiation and facility location and design. 

In the first six years, Carol helped lead the company’s business growth at a rate of approximately 100% annually. Sturman Industries, now located in Colorado, is a multi-million dollar company with 75 employees. The company enjoys successful relationships with major customers in the United States, Europe and Japan. 

In 1995 Carol was responsible for site selection and construction of Sturman Industries’ award winning corporate headquarters and R&D Center in Woodland Park, Colorado. It is situated in a unique high country setting on a wooded 600-acre campus that includes 100,000 square feet of facilities. With her background in design, business and a strong commitment to environmental integrity, Carol led the development and construction of the corporate campus. With its natural setting, open space and formal design utilizing stone wood and glass, the headquarters and campus have been recognized for its innovative and creative environment and integration with the natural surroundings. 

Besides the stunning environment, Carol has played a significant role in leading Sturman team members in the formation of their nationally recognized culture: a corporate structure that is devoid of formal hierarchy, with an emphasis on respect and teamwork. Carol inspires courage and innovation in Sturman team members with her “Dare To Dream” philosophy. 

Compelled by her desire to share the company’s successful culture with others, in 2006 Carol initiated the Sturman Innovation Way Seminar series, training sessions dedicated to “teaching” innovation, corporate responsibility and the company’s digital technology as well as the Sturman R.I.T.E R.O.A.D. culture. Additionally, Carol works with local private and public colleges and universities, environmental groups and businesses dedicated to creative leadership and innovation. These efforts contribute to the realization of the Sturman mission: “To make a positive contribution to the world through our innovative technology and corporate culture.” 

In 2007 Ms. Sturman was nominated for the Society of Automotive Engineers prestigious J. Cordell Breed Award for Women Leaders. Out of 27 nominees, Ms. Sturman was announced as the winner of the award presented at the 2008 SAE World Congress, attended by tens of thousands of international participants held annually in April in Detroit, Michigan

Carol, with her husband, Eddie, presented a TEDx talk in October 2015.  Their talk,  “A Global Solution:  Environment, Energy, Economy” can  be viewed here:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vI0Szgs9ixM
 
 





 


Eddie Sturman

Technical Lead, Sturman Industries

Described by a corporate manager as being “one of America’s greatest natural resources,” Eddie Sturman is a leader in improving process control and mechanical system design. He earned a Masters degree in Mechanical Engineering from the University of Southern California, in addition to a degree in Business. Known for his intensely positive attitude and simple and innovative solutions for mechanical system challenges, he generates numerous inventions annually. Throughout his nearly 50-year career, Eddie has been named as inventor in more than 150 patents. The number and significance of his patents continue to grow. Eddie pioneered ‘latching’ valves, as a result of his need to develop a more efficient valve for the Apollo space program. In 2003, Eddie was honored by the United States Space Foundation for applying this enabling space technology “to benefit Planet Earth.” in the form of a new series of advanced digital valves used for engine controls. 

Eddie’s vision for Sturman Industries is one that inspires a culture of innovation. His goal is to create simple, efficient, needed, safe and economical solutions to the mobility, environmental and energy-related problems of the world. His opinion and advice is sought by many; from those in the diesel mobility industry, as well as from government leaders looking for better ways to solve some of the big problems facing our nation and the globe. Safe, energy-efficient products that help preserve the Earth’s natural resources continue to be his aim. 

A native of Israel, Eddie’s first inventions to go to production were solar-powered, sensor-controlled irrigation systems. Eddie became the leader in developing “digital” valves, which bring the advantages of digital controls to the mechanical world as we have seen in electronics applications - miniaturization, improved performance and reduced cost. His digital valves are smaller, faster, and controlled far more precisely than traditional analog valves, allowing faster interfacing with new electronics making it possible to create intelligent, ultra-fast responding mechanical systems. 

Sturman has been applying his new “enabling” valve technology to the automotive and truck industries by focusing on improving internal combustion engine control system and developing improved combustion strategies. Eddie’s goal was to provide a practical way to improve fuel economy and eliminate poisonous emissions through the use of his technology and improved system designs without exotic and potentially unhealthy, unsafe and expensive after-treatment alternatives. 

Sturman Industries was founded in 1989, by Eddie and his wife, Carol, with a mission to “Improve the world through Sturman innovative technology and corporate culture,” by providing a working environment and a living example that promote creativity and teamwork. Sturman Industries works with major companies worldwide that are interested in the benefits of the Sturman hydraulic digital valve controls and improved system designs. With the support of more than 70 team members, Eddie Sturman is bringing the mechanical world into the digital age.

Eddie, with his wife Carol, presented a TEDx talk in October 2015.  Their talk,  “A Global Solution:  Environment, Energy, Economy” can be viewed here:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vI0Szgs9ixM
 
 





 


James Tompkins

Chairman and CEO Tompkins International

Dr. James A. Tompkins is an international authority on designing and implementing end-to-end supply chains. His focus over the last several years has been in the areas of eCommerce, Omnichannel and supply chain transformations. As the founder and CEO of Tompkins International, he provides leadership for Tompkins global consulting and implementation business and stresses the requirement for Strategy before Structure and Structure before Implementation. 

Dr. James A. Tompkins received the prestigious Frank and Lillian Gilbreth Industrial Engineering Award from the Institute of Industrial Engineers (IIE) on June 1, 2015. The award is an attribute that recognizes Dr. Tompkins through the contributions he has provided to the welfare of mankind in the field of industrial engineering. In addition, Jim has served as President of the Institute of Industrial Engineers, the Materials Management Society, and the College-Industry Council on Material Handling Education, and Purdue has named him a Distinguished Engineering Alum. He has also received more than 50 additional awards for his service to his profession.

His 35-plus years as CEO of a consulting / integration firm and his focus on helping companies achieve profitable growth give him an insider’s view into what makes great companies even better. As a high-level business and supply chain strategy advisor, his unique perspective prepares corporations and executives for the future. 

To share his knowledge and provide up-to-date information on supply chain and business trends, he developed his blog called “Creating Supply Chain Excellence.” Jim is also a thought leader, sharing insights on business strategy through his presentations and videos, including his most recent on The Alibaba Effect.

He has written or contributed to more than 30 books, including Caught Between the Tiger and the Dragon, Bold Leadership, Logistics and Manufacturing Outsourcing, The Supply Chain Handbook, No Boundaries and Facilities Planning. Jim has been quoted in hundreds of business and industry magazines such as The Journal of Commerce, Supply & Demand Chain Executive, and FORTUNE, and he has spoken at thousands of international engagements.

Jim received his Bachelor of Science in Industrial Engineering in 1969, his Master of Science in Industrial Engineering in 1970 and his Ph.D. in 1972, all from Purdue University.
 
 





 


Sigmar Wittig

Former Chairman, German Aerospace Center Cologne, and Professor emeritus of the Institute for Thermal Turbomachinery, KIT, Karlsruhe Institute of Technology, Germany.

After earning his PhD in Mechanical Engineering in 1967 from the Technical University Aachen, Prof. Wittig taught at Purdue University, USA, and worked in industry. In 1976 he became Professor and Chair of the Institute for Thermal Turbomachinery at Karlsruhe University, now Karlsruhe Institute of Technology (KIT). His major research areas are in the fields of gas turbine, jet engine and power plant development.  He served as Vice President of the German Research Foundation and was Rector / President of the University of Karlsruhe from 1994 through 2002. In 2002 he assumed the position of Chairman of the Board of the German Aerospace Center and Space Agency (DLR) until 2007. From July 2005 to June 2007, he served as the Chairman of the Council of the European Space Agency (ESA). In 2012 he became a Member of the Executive Committee of the German National Academy of Sciences Leopoldina. 

Dr. Wittig was awarded with an Honorary Doctor Degree from Purdue in 2000 and received various national and international awards and prices, recently the Aircraft Engine Technology Award of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers (ASME). He is a member of the Leopoldina, the German National Academy of Sciences and holds five honorary doctorates from German and international Universities. In 2003 he obtained the Federal Cross of Merit, 1st Class, of the Federal Republic of Germany, and in 2007 the Ordre National de la L&eacutegion d'Honneur of the French Republic. He also serves as a member of several international industrial and public boards of directors and trustees.
 
 





 


David Wolf

School of Aeronautics and Aerospace Engineering, Purdue University, Visiting Professor

Dr. Wolf graduated from Purdue University, with Distinction, in Electrical Engineering then went on to Indiana University Medical School to receive his Doctor of Medicine.  During this period he established himself as a pioneer in digital signal processing of medical ultrasonic signals and images.  He joined the NASA Medical Sciences Division in 1984 as a researcher, biomedical engineer, and flight surgeon.  His initial program was to produce the first echocardiograph for use on the Space Shuttle and evaluate the cardiovascular of microgravity spaceflight.  Dr. Wolf then became the Chief Engineer leading the team in design of the medical facility now operational on the International Space Station.  Following that, he became the Chief Engineer and then Program manager for the Space Bioreactor which led to numerous innovations, including 17 patents in Dr. Wolf's name, establishing the emerging field of tissue engineering.  This technology is now commercialized and in world-wide use for regenerative medicine and cancer research.  These accomplishments in combination with his experience as a senior U.S. Air Force flight surgeon and mission ready weapons officer in the F-4 Phantom jet, attaining the rank of Lt. Colonel, led to his selection as a NASA Astronaut in 1990.  Dr. Wolf is a veteran of 4 spaceflights, 172 days in Space, and 7 spacewalks.  His missions included a dedicated Spacelab mission investigating a broad range of human physiology, a long duration (128 day) mission as a Russian Cosmonaut on Space Station MIR conducting materials and biotechnology research, and two major construction missions of the International Space Station now on orbit.  He is currently President and CEO of EarthTomorrow Inc., Aerospace Consulting; Founding Partner of SpektronSystems LLC, bringing disruptive innovative enhancement to the pharmaceutical industry, and is a professional speaker as well as Extraordinary Scientist in Residence for The Children's Museum of Indianapolis.  Dr. Wolf has held leadership roles in multiple NASA programs with authority for asset expenditure in the 100+ million dollar range.  He specializes in leadership of teams bringing disruptive change dedicated to improvement of the quality of life on Earth.
 
 





 


Tasha Zephirin

Graduate Representative

Tasha Zephirin is a Ph.D. student in the School of Engineering Education at Purdue University. She is currently a participant in the National Science Foundation sponsored Integrative Graduate Education and Research Training in Magnetic and Nanostructured Materials (IGERT-MNM) program, a collaborative effort between Purdue University, Cornell University and Norfolk State University. Her research interests include the development, evaluation, and assessment of STEM institutional diversity efforts across the education continuum. She is an active member of the National Society of Black Engineers (NSBE) and currently serves in the role of National Parliamentarian.
 
 

Edit Group

 
































Juan Ernesto de Bedout - Doctor of Engineering  - Purdue University


















    
Quick Links










Loading










Find Info For 
Find Info For
Academics
Admissions
Current Students
Athletics
About
Careers
Prospective Students
Research and Partnerships



Quick Links
Apply
News
President
Shop
Visit
Give
Emergency









Purdue Today





  Menu

Home
Current issue
Submit info
Subscribe
Archive
About us









Juan Ernesto de Bedout - Doctor of Engineering 




May 2013  









Juan Ernesto de Bedout Download Photo




Mr. Juan Ernesto de Bedout is the
former group president of Latin American Operations,
Kimberly-Clark Corporation. He has also held leadership roles at VF Corporation
and Colombiana de Tabaco. 
De Bedout was born in Medellín,
Colombia. In January 1964, he enrolled at Purdue, earning bachelor and master
of science degrees in Industrial Engineering in 1967 and 1968. He participated in the
Incolda-Incae-Harvard Top Management Program in Colombia during 1971, and in 2007 led the formation of Latin America’s first
Blue Ocean Strategy Institute in São Paulo, Brazil, embracing the innovation
philosophy developed by Professors W. Chan Kim and Renée Mauborgne of INSEAD. 
His career started in 1968 at
Colombiana de Tabaco where he held roles as assistant production manager,
production manager, operations manager, and head of the R&D center from
conception to implementation.  
In 1981, de Bedout was asked to
manage Colombiana Kimberly, a joint venture formed with Kimberly-Clark
Corporation, focused on manufacturing specialty papers. His responsibilities
grew in 1988 to include the management of Kimberly-Clark’s Consumer Products
companies in Central America. He was entrusted to become General Manager-Latin
American Operations in 1991, entrepreneurially entering numerous markets
through expansions, mergers and acquisitions. During subsequent roles as vice
president, president and group president, the regional businesses became a
corporate growth engine, quickly attaining overall market leadership and later
being recognized by the Great Place to Work Institute as the best multinational
to work for in Latin America, among many companies within twenty countries, during
three consecutive years. 
Since retiring as an officer of the
corporation in December 2011, de Bedout has served as a senior consultant,
sitting on the Middle East, Eastern Europe and Africa leadership board and
acting as an advisor to the newly formed Global Innovation Center in Colombia. 
Since December 2000, he has served as
director of VF Corporation, where he currently sits on the Executive, Finance
and Audit committees, the latter of which he is chair. Recently he was elected to
the Carvajal S.A. board in Colombia. 
De Bedout has been active with
community affairs and professional societies. In 1981 he served on the board of
Sociedad de Mejoras Públicas, with oversight of the Medellín Zoo, the Fine Arts
Institute, the Botanical Gardens and the Hospital Pablo Tobón Uribe. He was
co-founder of Medellin’s Colombian American Chamber of Commerce in 1987,
serving as board president in 1991. From 1981 to 1990, he was a participant in
the Pulp and Paper Committee of Colombia’s Asociación Nacional de Industriales.
He is a member of the Institute of Industrial Engineers. 
De Bedout has kept his
Purdue ties strong, serving as chair of Purdue’s Engineering Advisory Council,
and as a member of the Industrial Engineering Advisory Council. He helped
launch the Colombia-Purdue Institute for Advanced Scientific Research, promoting
mutually beneficial initiatives aligned with Colombia’s strategic priorities
and Purdue’s strengths. Purdue has honored him with the Outstanding Industrial
Engineer, Distinguished Engineering Alumnus, and Engineering Alumni Service
awards in 1998, 2000 and 2002, respectively.


Faculty-Staff News


View RSS feed

More News








Communication 




OneCampus
Blackboard
Purdue Today
Office 365
Outlook
myPurdue




Campus 




Faculty and Staff
Careers
Physical Facilities
Directory
Campus Map
Construction




Staff Resources 




Human Resources
Center for Healthy Living
Information Technology
Ethics and Compliance
Campus Disruptions
Weather




Other 




Purdue Moves
Board of Trustees
University Senate
APSAC
CSSAC
Purdue News Service



     






Purdue University, 610 Purdue Mall, West Lafayette, IN 47907, (765) 494-4600
 © 2014-17 Purdue University | An equal access/equal opportunity university | Integrity Statement | Copyright Complaints | Brand Toolkit | Maintained by Marketing and Media
Trouble with this page? Disability-related accessibility issue? Please contact us at online@purdue.edu so we can help.









BEDOUT JUAN ERNESTO  DE - CEO, founder, businessman - profile

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











BEDOUT JUAN ERNESTO  DE
Check out list of companies and businesses related to BEDOUT JUAN ERNESTO  DE. Find out BEDOUT JUAN ERNESTO  DE address and contact details. View other people related to BEDOUT JUAN ERNESTO  DE - coworkers, colleagues, companions, etc.
Address:   

    




Companies related to BEDOUT JUAN ERNESTO  DE
CIKCompany NamePositionCompany Address0000103379V F CORPDirector 105 CORPORATE CENTER BOULEVARD  GREENSBORO 27408




BEDOUT JUAN ERNESTO  DE on the Web
Persons related to BEDOUT JUAN ERNESTO  DE - V F CORPNamePositionCityBradley W  BattenVice President & Controller GREENSBOROBradley W  BattenVP-Controller & CAO GREENSBOROScott H  BaxterVP & Group Pres. GREENSBOROCharles V  Bergh GREENSBORORichard  Carucci LOUISVILLERichard  Carucci GREENSBOROJULIANA L  CHUGG ST. PAULJULIANA L  CHUGG GREENSBOROROBERT A  CORDAROVice President -- Controller GREENSBOROEDWARD E  CRUTCHFIELDDirector GREENSBOROEDWARD E  CRUTCHFIELDDirector GREENSBOROEDWARD E  CRUTCHFIELDDirector EDWARD E  CRUTCHFIELD GREENSBOROCANDACE S  CUMMINGSVice President GREENSBOROCANDACE S  CUMMINGSVP- ADMIN. & GENERAL COUNSEL CANDACE S  CUMMINGSVP Admin & General Counsel GREENSBOROBEDOUT JUAN ERNESTO  DEDirector GREENSBOROBEDOUT JUAN ERNESTO  DEDirector GREENSBOROBEDOUT JUAN ERNESTO  DEDirector BEDOUT JUAN ERNESTO  DE GREENSBOROGEORGE N  DERHOFERVICE PRESIDENT GREENSBOROGEORGE N  DERHOFERVICE PRESIDENT GEORGE N  DERHOFERSVP of Global Operations GREENSBOROBenno O  DorerOAKLANDURSULA F  FAIRBAIRNDirector URSULA F  FAIRBAIRNPHILADELPHIAURSULA F  FAIRBAIRNPHILADELPHIAURSULA F  FAIRBAIRN GREENSBOROURSULA F  FAIRBAIRNDirector GREENSBOROURSULA F  FAIRBAIRNDirector GREENSBOROURSULA F  FAIRBAIRNPHILADELPHIAURSULA F  FAIRBAIRNPHILADELPHIAURSULA F  FAIRBAIRNPHILADELPHIABARBARA S  FEIGINDirector BARBARA S  FEIGINDirector GREENSBOROBARBARA S  FEIGIN GREENSBOROGEORGE  FELLOWSDirector GREENSBOROGEORGE  FELLOWSDirector GEORGE  FELLOWS GREENSBOROMICHAEL T  GANNAWAYVP-VF Direct/Customer Teams GREENSBORODANIEL  HESSEDirector GREENSBORODANIEL  HESSEDirector GREENSBORODANIEL  HESSEDirector DANIEL  HESSE GREENSBOROCurtis A.  HoltzGREENSBOROMARK SAMUEL  HOPLAMAZIAN CHICAGOMARK SAMUEL  HOPLAMAZIAN GREENSBOROROBERT J/NY  HURST ROBERT J/NY  HURSTDirector GREENSBOROROBERT J/NY  HURSTDirector GREENSBOROROBERT J/NY  HURSTDirector NEW YORKROBERT J/NY  HURSTNEW YORKROBERT J/NY  HURST GREENSBOROJOHN E BARBEY DEED OF TRUST BENEFIT OF KELLY G BARBEY10% Owner PHILADELPHIAE. Barbey T/U/W FBO Tenacre Foundation  John10% Owner PHILADELPHIAJohn E Barbey Trust UDT dated 08/21/51 FBO Helen Mucklow (dec'd) as appt'd for JPHILADELPHIAJohn E Barbey Trust UDT dated 08/21/51 FBO Helen Mucklow (dec'd) as appt'd for J10% Owner PHILADELPHIALaura W  Lang BOSTONLaura W  Lang GREENSBOROTERRY L  LAYVICE PRESIDENT GREENSBOROTERRY L  LAYVICE PRESIDENT W ALAN  MCCOLLOUGHDirector GREENSBOROW ALAN  MCCOLLOUGHDirector GREENSBOROW ALAN  MCCOLLOUGHDirector W ALAN  MCCOLLOUGH GREENSBOROMACKEY J  MCDONALDCHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT & CEO HERSHEYMACKEY J  MCDONALDChairman, President & CEO GREENSBOROMACKEY J  MCDONALDChairman of the Board GREENSBOROW RODNEY  MCMULLEN Bryan H  McNeillVP, Chief Accounting Officer GREENSBOROLAURA C  MEAGHERVice Pres. & General Counsel GREENSBOROAidan  O'MearaGREENSBOROCLARENCE  OTIS JR ORLANDOCLARENCE  OTIS JRDirector GREENSBOROCLARENCE  OTIS JRDirector ORLANDOCLARENCE  OTIS JR GREENSBOROFRANK C  PICKARD IIIVP-TREASURER GREENSBOROFRANK C  PICKARD IIIVP- TREASURER FRANK C  PICKARD IIIVP and Treasurer GREENSBOROSteven E  RendlePresident & CEO GREENSBOROCarol L  RobertsSTAMFORDScott A.  RoeVP & CFO GREENSBOROBoyd A  RogersVP and President-Supply Chain GREENSBOROKarl Heinz  SalzburgerVP & President-International GREENSBOROJOHN P  SCHAMBERGERVP CROSS COALITION MANAGEMENT GREENSBOROJOHN P  SCHAMBERGERVP CROSS COALITION MANAGEMENT M RUST  SHARPPhiladelphiaM RUST  SHARPWILMINGTONM RUST  SHARP GREENSBOROM RUST  SHARPDirector PHILADELPHIAM RUST  SHARPDirector GREENSBOROM RUST  SHARPDirector GREENSBOROM RUST  SHARPDirector PHILADELPHIAM RUST  SHARPDirector PHILADELPHIAM RUST  SHARPDirector PHILADELPHIAM RUST  SHARPDirector M RUST  SHARPDirector PHILADELPHIAM RUST  SHARPDirector WILMINGTONMatthew J  Shattock DEERFIELDMatthew J  Shattock GREENSBOROROBERT K  SHEARERCFO GREENSBOROROBERT K  SHEARERVP- FINANCE & GLOBAL PROCESSES ROBERT K  SHEARERCFO GREENSBOROUrsula F Fairbairn,Clarence OtisJr& PNC Del.Trust Co,Tstees of John E.Barbey TrsPHILADELPHIAUrsula F Fairbairn,Clarence OtisJr& PNC Del.Trust Co,Tstees of John E.Barbey TrsPHILADELPHIAUrsula F Fairbairn,Clarence OtisJr& PNC Del.Trust Co,Tstees of John E.Barbey TrsWILMINGTONUrsula F Fairbairn,Clarence OtisJr& PNC Del.Trust Co,Tstees of John E.Barbey Trs10% Owner WILMINGTONUrsula F. Fairbairn, M. Rust Sharp & PNC Bank Del. Trustees of the John E. BarbeWILMINGTONUrsula F. Fairbairn, M. Rust Sharp & PNC Bank Del. Trustees of the John E. BarbeWILMINGTONUrsula F. Fairbairn, M. Rust Sharp & PNC Bank Del. Trustees of the John E. Barbe10% Owner WILMINGTONUrsula F. Fairbairn, M. Rust Sharp & PNC Bank Del. Trustees of the John E. Barbe10% Owner WILMINGTONUrsula Fairbairn, Clarence Otis Jr. & PNC Bank N.A., Trustees of the John E. BarPHILADELPHIAUrsula Fairbairn, Clarence Otis Jr. & PNC Bank N.A., Trustees of the John E. BarPHILADELPHIAUrsula Fairbairn, Clarence Otis Jr. & PNC Bank N.A., Trustees of the John E. BarPHILADELPHIAUrsula Fairbairn, Clarence Otis Jr. & PNC Bank N.A., Trustees of the John E. Bar10% Owner PHILADELPHIAUrsula Fairbairn, Clarence Otis Jr. & PNC Bank N.A., Trustees of the John E. BarPHILADELPHIAUrsula Fairbairn, Clarence Otis Jr. & PNC Bank N.A., Trustees of the John E. BarPHILADELPHIAUrsula Fairbairn, Clarence Otis Jr. & PNC Bank N.A., Trustees of the John E. BarPHILADELPHIAUrsula Fairbairn, Clarence Otis Jr. & PNC Bank N.A., Trustees of the John E. Bar10% Owner PHILADELPHIAUrsula Fairbairn, Clarence Otis Jr & PNC Bank N.A., Trustees of the John E. BarbPHILADELPHIAUrsula Fairbairn, Clarence Otis Jr & PNC Bank N.A., Trustees of the John E. BarbPHILADELPHIAUrsula Fairbairn, Clarence Otis Jr & PNC Bank N.A., Trustees of the John E. BarbPHILADELPHIAUrsula Fairbairn, Clarence Otis Jr & PNC Bank N.A., Trustees of the John E. Barb10% Owner PHILADELPHIAUrsula Fairbairn, Clarence Otis Jr & PNC Bank N.A., Trustees of the John E. BarbPHILADELPHIAUrsula Fairbairn, Clarence Otis Jr & PNC Bank N.A., Trustees of the John E. BarbPHILADELPHIAUrsula Fairbairn, Clarence Otis Jr & PNC Bank N.A., Trustees of the John E. BarbPHILADELPHIAUrsula Fairbairn, Clarence Otis Jr & PNC Bank N.A., Trustees of the John E. Barb10% Owner PHILADELPHIAUrsula Fairbairn,Clarence Otis,Jr & PNC Bank NA, Trustees of the JohnE.Barbey TrPHILADELPHIAUrsula Fairbairn,Clarence Otis,Jr & PNC Bank NA, Trustees of the JohnE.Barbey TrPHILADELPHIAUrsula Fairbairn,Clarence OtisJr &PNC Bank NA Tstees of John E.Barbey Trust UDTdPHILADELPHIAUrsula Fairbairn,Clarence OtisJr &PNC Bank NA Tstees of John E.Barbey Trust UDTdPHILADELPHIAUrsula Fairbairn,Clarence OtisJr &PNC Bank NA Tstees of John E.Barbey Trust UDTdPHILADELPHIAUrsula Fairbairn,Clarence OtisJr &PNC Bank NA Tstees of John E.Barbey Trust UDTd10% Owner PHILADELPHIAUrsula Fairbairn, M.Rust Sharp & PNC Bank N.A. Trustees of the John E. Barbey TrPHILADELPHIAUrsula Fairbairn, M.Rust Sharp & PNC Bank N.A. Trustees of the John E. Barbey Tr10% Owner PHILADELPHIAUrsula Fairbairn, M.Rust Sharp & PNC Bank N.A. Trustees of the John E. Barbey TrPHILADELPHIAUrsula Fairbairn, M.Rust Sharp & PNC Bank N.A. Trustees of the John E. Barbey Tr10% Owner PHILADELPHIAUrsula Fairbairn, M.Rust Sharp & PNC Bank N.A. Trustees of the John E. Barbey TrPHILADELPHIAUrsula Fairbairn, M.Rust Sharp & PNC Bank N.A. Trustees of the John E. Barbey Tr10% Owner PHILADELPHIAUrsula Fairbairn, M. Rust Sharp & PNC Bank, N.A Trustees of the John E. Barbey T10% Owner PHILADELPHIAUrsula Fairbairn, M. Rust Sharp & PNC Bank, N.A Trustees of the John E. Barbey T10% Owner PHILADELPHIAUrsula Fairbairn, M. Rust Sharp & PNC Bank, N.A Trustees of the John E. Barbey TPHILADELPHIAUrsula Fairbairn, M. Rust Sharp & PNC Bank, N.A Trustees of the John E. Barbey T10% Owner PHILADELPHIAUrsula Fairbairn, M. Rust Sharp & PNC Bank, N.A Trustees of the John E. Barbey TPHILADELPHIAUrsula Fairbairn, M. Rust Sharp & PNC Bank, N.A Trustees of the John E. Barbey TPHILADELPHIAUrsula Fairbairn, M. Rust Sharp & PNC Bank, N.A Trustees of the John E. Barbey T10% Owner PHILADELPHIAUrsulaFairbairn, Clarence OtisJr &PNC Bank NA Tstees of the John E Barbey Trst UPHILADELPHIAUrsulaFairbairn, Clarence OtisJr &PNC Bank NA Tstees of the John E Barbey Trst UPHILADELPHIAUrsulaFairbairn, Clarence OtisJr &PNC Bank NA Tstees of the John E Barbey Trst UPHILADELPHIAUrsulaFairbairn, Clarence OtisJr &PNC Bank NA Tstees of the John E Barbey Trst U10% Owner PHILADELPHIAUrsulaFairbairn,ClarenceOtisJr & PNC Bank N.A., Tstees of theJohn E.Barbey Trst PHILADELPHIAUrsulaFairbairn,ClarenceOtisJr & PNC Bank N.A., Tstees of theJohn E.Barbey Trst PHILADELPHIAUrsulaFairbairn,ClarenceOtisJr & PNC Bank N.A., Tstees of theJohn E.Barbey Trst PHILADELPHIAUrsulaFairbairn,ClarenceOtisJr & PNC Bank N.A., Tstees of theJohn E.Barbey Trst PHILADELPHIAUrsulaFairbairn,ClarenceOtisJr & PNC Bank N.A., Tstees of theJohn E.Barbey Trst 10% Owner PHILADELPHIAUrsulaFairbairn,ClarenceOtisJr & PNC Bank N.A., Tstees of theJohn E.Barbey Trst 10% Owner PHILADELPHIAUrsulaFairbairn, ClarenceOtisJr& PNC BankNA Trstees of the JohnE Barbey Trst UDTPHILADELPHIAUrsulaFairbairn, ClarenceOtisJr& PNC BankNA Trstees of the JohnE Barbey Trst UDTPHILADELPHIAUrsulaFairbairn, ClarenceOtisJr& PNC BankNA Trstees of the JohnE Barbey Trst UDTPHILADELPHIAUrsulaFairbairn, ClarenceOtisJr& PNC BankNA Trstees of the JohnE Barbey Trst UDT10% Owner PHILADELPHIARAYMOND G  VIAULTDirector GREENSBORORAYMOND G  VIAULTDirector GREENSBORORAYMOND G  VIAULTDirector MINNEAPOLISRAYMOND G  VIAULT GREENSBOROERIC C  WISEMANChairman GREENSBORO












 




























deBedout - Our People - Purdue Engineering














Skip navigation






College of Engineering











Distinguished Engineering Alumni
Home
2000 Distinguished Engineering Alumni

deBedout


Feulner


Horvath-Kiss


Huff


Kennedy


Kessler


Lindsey


Manian


Roren


Shropshire

Distinguished Engineering Alumni Awards by Year

2017 DEA


2016 DEA


2015 DEA


2014 DEA


2013 DEA


2012 DEA


2011 DEA


2010 DEA


2009 DEA


2008 DEA


2007 DEA


2006 DEA


2005 DEA


2004 DEA


2003 DEA


2002 DEA


2001 DEA


2000 DEA


1999 DEA


1998 DEA


1997 DEA


1996 DEA


1995 DEA


1994 DEA


1993 DEA


1992 DEA


1991 DEA


1990 DEA

1964-1989





Juan Ernesto de Bedout	
 
President, Latin American Operations
Kimbery-Clark Corporation
BSIE '67, MSIE '68




For his innovative leadership and outstanding managerial abilities, which have brought dramatic growth and success to a major international manufacturing corporation, the Schools of Engineering are proud to present the Distinguished Engineering Alumnus Award to Juan Ernesto de Bedout.

On his experience at Purdue
The exposure to both the American environment and the very diverse international community is one of the Purdue experiences I most value. Relating to individuals and groups from so many different backgrounds provided a strong cultural sensitivity and understanding that has served me well in what is becoming an increasingly global scenario. I recently learned that Purdue currently enrolls more international students than any public research institution in the United States. What a stimulating setting in which to be able to study!

On the beginnings of his career
My first interest was in a greenfield specialty-papers plant that was being built by Kimberly-Clark and its local associates in Medellín, Colombia, where I was born and raised. I followed up quickly and, although I was informed that the initial team was already in place, the partners asked me to join them. Ironically, some years later, I was asked to manage that very same partnership, and that is how my career with Kimberly-Clark began. Quite frankly, I've always wanted the accountability of being in charge, but I never imagined that this would take me to other geographies and to where I am now.

On globalization

Since the Berlin Wall came down, the world has been shrinking. Better communications and declining barriers have been key elements of this process. However, cultural fragmentation is expanding as people try to preserve their identities, and as a result, more countries are coming into view all over the world. Companies may claim to have a global perspective, but how sensitive are they to local idiosyncrasies? Knowing that various people think and react differently is essential to a true global approach.

On business philosophy
To be "delighted but never satisfied" is a principal business philosophy that I have fully embraced from an extraordinary mentor for whom I have the highest respect. Kimberly-Clark is a very results-oriented corporation, and we're delighted with good results, but always strive for more and enjoy doing so. With our recent entry into many Latin American countries, a major challenge has been constructing a strong leadership platform in this part of the world. Building this foundation has rendered a great sense of accomplishment. It also represents employment for 8,000 individuals in Latin America and has provided consumers with quality products such as Huggies diapers and Kleenex tissues.

On his personal involvements
My most significant personal endeavor has been raising and mentoring my two sons, Nicolas and Juan Manuel. Both are engineers with graduate degrees, and Juan Manuel is finishing his doctoral program in mechanical engineering at Purdue. My dedication to them has been amply rewarded with the satisfaction of seeing them blossom into fine, morally upstanding individuals. I am also proud that my nephew, Juan Diego Velasquez de Bedout, is following my same career path at Purdue.
On community-related matters, my affiliation with the Colombian American Chamber of Commerce in Medellín was one of my most gratifying, as I was involved in its formation and direction. This provided a means of bringing together matters concerning the two countries with which I have had my closest ties.

On Purdue's future
As a recent member of Purdue's Engineering Visiting Committee, I have been impressed by the Schools' vision to be the best. Similarly, the newly established business management program in Germany is a prime example of the increasing sphere of influence that the University's administration has forged. One need not go far to note that the alumni being brought together by the Schools of Engineering in this year's convocation, of which I am deeply honored to be a part, reflects backgrounds from Chile, Colombia, India, Norway, and the United States, evidencing Purdue's long-standing international scope. I see very, very good things ahead.



1999 :
Member, Engineering Visiting Committee, Purdue University

1999:
Addition of the Caribbean to Latin American area of responsibility in Kimberly-Clark
1998 : 
President, Latin American Operations, Kimberly-Clark. Lead market position attained, with presence in 18 countries and multiple manufacturing facilities in 12.
1998: 
Outstanding Industrial Engineer Award, Purdue University
1994: 
Vice-President, Latin American Operations, Kimberly-Clark. Continued the merger and acquisition process begun in 1992, while expanding business and manufacturing capabilities in existing and new units.
1992: 
General Manager, Latin American Operations, Kimberly-Clark. Initiated a process of mergers, acquisitions, and joint ventures, along with the formation of legal entities in various countries, to strengthen the corporations position in Central and South America.
198891: 
Managing Director, Kimberly-Clark Central America. Elected President of the Board of the Colombian American Chamber of Commerce in Medellín.
198187: 
Managing Director of Colombiana Kimberly
196980: 
Various positions with Coltabaco (in Colombia) including Operations Manager and Head of R&D

BSIE '67, MSIE '68, Purdue University









Distinguished Engineering Alumni
Home
2000 Distinguished Engineering Alumni

deBedout


Feulner


Horvath-Kiss


Huff


Kennedy


Kessler


Lindsey


Manian


Roren


Shropshire

Distinguished Engineering Alumni Awards by Year

2017 DEA


2016 DEA


2015 DEA


2014 DEA


2013 DEA


2012 DEA


2011 DEA


2010 DEA


2009 DEA


2008 DEA


2007 DEA


2006 DEA


2005 DEA


2004 DEA


2003 DEA


2002 DEA


2001 DEA


2000 DEA


1999 DEA


1998 DEA


1997 DEA


1996 DEA


1995 DEA


1994 DEA


1993 DEA


1992 DEA


1991 DEA


1990 DEA

1964-1989








































Institutional Awards and Honors - Our People - Purdue Engineering














Skip navigation






College of Engineering












Institutional Awards and Honors

Faculty

College of Engineering Awards of Excellence
Distinguished Professors
Faculty Scholars
Named Professors
Named University Professors

Alumni
Distinguished Engineering Alumni (DEA) Awards

Staff

College of Engineering Awards of Excellence

Nominations
Award Nomination Criteria, Forms, and Procedures















































Distinguished Engineering Alumni - Our People - Purdue Engineering














Skip navigation






College of Engineering











Distinguished Engineering Alumni
Home
2017 Distinguished Engineering Alumni/Alumnae

Stacy J. Bartoletti


William B. Elmore


James F. Greenleaf


Amy S. Hess


Keerti G. Melkote


Doreen M. Mitchell


Patricia K. Poppe


Jennifer W. Rumsey


Vijay Swarup


Donald A. Ufford


Lisa C. Veitch


Ravi Venkatesan

Distinguished Engineering Alumni Awards by Year

2017 DEA


2016 DEA


2015 DEA


2014 DEA


2013 DEA


2012 DEA


2011 DEA


2010 DEA


2009 DEA


2008 DEA


2007 DEA


2006 DEA


2005 DEA


2004 DEA


2003 DEA


2002 DEA


2001 DEA


2000 DEA


1999 DEA


1998 DEA


1997 DEA


1996 DEA


1995 DEA


1994 DEA


1993 DEA


1992 DEA


1991 DEA


1990 DEA

1964-1989





2017 Distinguished Engineering Alumni/Alumnae
The Distinguished Engineering Alumni/Alumnae Award is presented to men and women who have distinguished themselves in any field in ways that reflect favorably on Purdue University, the engineering profession, or society in general.
These alumni are engaged in engineering work and their record of accomplishments is indicated by their growth into positions of increasing responsibility.





Stacy J. Bartoletti







William B. Elmore







James F. Greenleaf







Amy S. Hess







Keerti G. Melkote







Doreen M. Mitchell







Patricia K. Poppe







Jennifer W. Rumsey







Vijay Swarup







Donald A. Ufford







Lisa C. Veitch







Ravi Venkatesan













Distinguished Engineering Alumni
Home
2017 Distinguished Engineering Alumni/Alumnae

Stacy J. Bartoletti


William B. Elmore


James F. Greenleaf


Amy S. Hess


Keerti G. Melkote


Doreen M. Mitchell


Patricia K. Poppe


Jennifer W. Rumsey


Vijay Swarup


Donald A. Ufford


Lisa C. Veitch


Ravi Venkatesan

Distinguished Engineering Alumni Awards by Year

2017 DEA


2016 DEA


2015 DEA


2014 DEA


2013 DEA


2012 DEA


2011 DEA


2010 DEA


2009 DEA


2008 DEA


2007 DEA


2006 DEA


2005 DEA


2004 DEA


2003 DEA


2002 DEA


2001 DEA


2000 DEA


1999 DEA


1998 DEA


1997 DEA


1996 DEA


1995 DEA


1994 DEA


1993 DEA


1992 DEA


1991 DEA


1990 DEA

1964-1989










































Our People - Purdue Engineering














Skip navigation






College of Engineering











Distinguished Engineering Alumni
Home
2000 Distinguished Engineering Alumni

deBedout


Feulner


Horvath-Kiss


Huff


Kennedy


Kessler


Lindsey


Manian


Roren


Shropshire

Distinguished Engineering Alumni Awards by Year

2017 DEA


2016 DEA


2015 DEA


2014 DEA


2013 DEA


2012 DEA


2011 DEA


2010 DEA


2009 DEA


2008 DEA


2007 DEA


2006 DEA


2005 DEA


2004 DEA


2003 DEA


2002 DEA


2001 DEA


2000 DEA


1999 DEA


1998 DEA


1997 DEA


1996 DEA


1995 DEA


1994 DEA


1993 DEA


1992 DEA


1991 DEA


1990 DEA

1964-1989





2000 Distinguished Engineering Alumni
The 36th Annua Distinguished Engineering Alumni Convocation
Friday, April 28, 2000


Reading the Citation
Raymond J. Cipra
Associate Professor
School of Mechanical Engineering

Remarks
Steven C. Beering
President, Purdue University

Address
Richard J. Schwartz
Dean, Schools of Engineering


Purdue University has a well-earned global reputation for its renowned
engineering curricula, faculty, and graduates. The Schools of Engineering
share a tradition of excellence forged over the decades by the monumental
changes in teaching and techniques that our modern world demands.

Underscoring the wide-ranging achievements of the people of our Schools of
Engineering is the designation of Distinguished Engineering Alumni. The men and
woman we honor have made a profound impact on their profession, their
communities, and their world. Our year 2000 honorees have shared realized
dreams, and their professional and personal lives certainly serve as an
inspiration to colleagues, fellow professionals, and the next generation.

We recognize them at a remarkable time in Purdue engineering's history.
Exciting plans are under way to upgrade and expand facilities to ensure that the
breadth and acclaim of the Schools of Engineering will remain world-class in a
new millennium. The future is unfolding, and Boilermaker engineers will give it
shape and substance.



 

 

 


 

 Steven C. Beering President
 

Richard J. Schwartz Dean
 



We are delighted to introduce this year's Distinguished
Engineering Alumni.
As they reminisce on their professional lives in the following pages, they offer us
a glimpse into how and why they have become exemplars of
the Purdue engineer. Their success gives us great pride.



Juan Ernesto de Bedout
Kimberly-Clark Corporation
BSIE '67, MSIE '68 
Roger J. Feulner
Honeywell Inc.
BSEE '61, MSEE '63
Antonio Horvath-Kiss
National Senator, Republic of Chile
MSCE '84
Linda L. Huff
Huff & Huff Inc.
BSChE '70
Michael T. Kennedy
The Boeing Company
BSAAE '70
Alan F. Kessler
Amana Appliances 
MSME '70
William C. Lindsey
LinCom Corporation
University of Southern California
MSEE '59, PhD '62
Bala S. Manian
Saraswati Partners Inc.
PhD '71
Eivald M. Q. Røren
Det Norske Veritas
MSCE '61, PhD '64
William W. Shropshire Jr.
American Chemet Corporation
BSMetE '59

  
            








Distinguished Engineering Alumni
Home
2000 Distinguished Engineering Alumni

deBedout


Feulner


Horvath-Kiss


Huff


Kennedy


Kessler


Lindsey


Manian


Roren


Shropshire

Distinguished Engineering Alumni Awards by Year

2017 DEA


2016 DEA


2015 DEA


2014 DEA


2013 DEA


2012 DEA


2011 DEA


2010 DEA


2009 DEA


2008 DEA


2007 DEA


2006 DEA


2005 DEA


2004 DEA


2003 DEA


2002 DEA


2001 DEA


2000 DEA


1999 DEA


1998 DEA


1997 DEA


1996 DEA


1995 DEA


1994 DEA


1993 DEA


1992 DEA


1991 DEA


1990 DEA

1964-1989



















































































best live chat

 









<< Back to Search






Juan Ernesto de Bedout

			Loading your recognition...
		


									Other recognitions for
									Juan Ernesto de Bedout:									
								

America's Most Honored Professionals 2015 - Top 10%America's Most Honored Professionals 2014 - Top 10%The 2014 Boardroom Elite2012 Boardroom Elite 

 

 










 




Juan de Bedout Ernesto - Atlanta, GA | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Juan De Bedout Ernesto in Atlanta, GA


Juan De Bedout Ernesto

                                                                        Intelius found that Juan de Bedout Ernesto  from Atlanta, GA.  We have connected them to
                2 addresses,
                0 phones,
                and 0 relatives or associates.
         






Get Report Now

Juan Has Lived In

Atlanta, GA
Amsterdam, NY







Juan De Bedout Ernesto



Professional Status
Web & Multimedia Designer at Knext



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Juan? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Juan, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Juan De Bedout Ernesto
Get a Criminal Check on Juan De Bedout Ernesto
Get a Public Record Report on Juan De Bedout Ernesto
Get a People Search Report on Juan De Bedout Ernesto


Juan De Bedout Ernesto's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Juan De Bedout Ernesto has lived as well as Juan De Bedout Ernesto's phone numbers and email addresses.




Juan De Bedout Ernesto Has Lived in 2 States
Georgia Address for Juan De Bedout Ernesto


3435 K******** R* N* 

Atlanta, GA


Has Lived In

Atlanta, GA
Amsterdam, NY


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Juan De Bedout Ernesto



Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Juan De Bedout Ernesto



Get Email Report




Juan De Bedout Ernesto's Professional Information
Information regarding Juan De Bedout Ernesto's professional history.  Find out previous places Juan De Bedout Ernesto has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Juan De Bedout Ernesto Has Worked at 4 Places
Company: Knext
               Title: Web & Multimedia Designer
Company: Knext
               Title: Multimedia Designer
Juan De Bedout Ernesto's Experience
Title: Web & Multimedia Designer
               Company: Knext
Job Details
               Privately Held; 11-50 employees; Higher Education industry
Title: Multimedia Designer
               Company: Knext
Job Details
               Privately Held; 11-50 employees; Higher Education industry
Additional Professional Information on Juan De Bedout Ernesto

 See Juan De Bedout Ernesto's LinkedIn Profile



Juan De Bedout Ernesto's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Juan De Bedout Ernesto


Juan De Bedout Ernesto's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Juan De Bedout Ernesto's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Juan Ernesto
Username Matches

                  JuanErnesto
                  ErnestoJuan
                  Juan.Ernesto
                  Ernesto.Juan
                  Juan_Ernesto
                  Ernesto_Juan
                  Juan-Ernesto
                  Ernesto-Juan
                  JErnesto
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
J Ernesto







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.













JUAN ERNESTO DEBEDOUT - HOUSTON, TX - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



TX



HOUSTON



Nonclassifiable Establishments



Nonclassifiable Establishments



                            JUAN ERNESTO DEBEDOUT
                                    



 





















J 


JUAN ERNESTO DEBEDOUT
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



9010 UPPERCOVE CIR HOUSTON, TX 77064
Get Directions



(281) 807-7762





Business Info



 Founded 2010
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue --
 Employee Count 0
 Industries Nonclassifiable Establishments
 Contacts 






Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Juan Ernesto Debedout was founded in 2010. Juan Ernesto Debedout specializes in Nonclassifiable Establishments. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







J

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com







Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.














   Juan de Bedout | Kimberly-Clark Corporation | ZoomInfo.com


Insider Trading - De Bedout Juan Ernesto - Form 4 SEC Filings












Home |
Archives |
Products |
About |
Contact |
FAQ |



New User?
Sign Up | 
Sign In









Form 4 Filings


Insider Buys


Significant Buys


Penny StocksInsider Buying


Insider Sales




Insider Buy Sell Ratios


Stock Options


Insider TradingStock Screener


Insider TradingGraph View


Insider Watch





Sec Filings Insider Trading - De Bedout Juan Ernesto





Select Time period: 
1 Month
2 Months
3 Months
6 Months
1 Year
2 Years
3 Years
4 Years
All Data
 

     



google

   



yahoo!



Send this page to:  

Blog
  



Digg

  



Reddit

  



Facebook

  



Stumble

  



del.icio.us








Enter Stock Ticker Symbol or Cik:




Cik Lookup...






Search By Company or Insider Name:







"Insiders might sell their shares for any number of reasons, but they buy them for only one:
they think the price will rise"
- Peter Lynch ==>>

What is insider trading>>



Email a friend >>...







Historical filings delayed by 6 months. New user?
Sign Up for real time data.
Existing user?
Sign In

Common stock purchase or sale:



TransactionDate
ReportedDate
Company
Symbol
InsiderRelationship
SharesTraded
AveragePrice
TotalAmount
SharesOwned
Filing




2016-12-02Sale
2016-12-024:56 pm
V F Corp
VFC
De Bedout Juan ErnestoDirector
6,000
$56.21
$337,279
29,970(Direct)
View


2015-07-30Sale
2015-07-3109:49 am
V F Corp
VFC
De Bedout Juan ErnestoDirector
17,200
$75.96
$1,306,579
39,967(Direct)
View


2015-02-25Sale
2015-02-253:56 pm
V F Corp
VFC
De Bedout Juan ErnestoDirector
11,200
$77.21
$864,808
33,951(Direct)
View




Stock options: Exercise, Award, Grant, Conversion



TransactionDate
ReportedDate
ExercisableExpiration
Company
Symnbol
InsiderRelationship
SharesTraded
ConversionPrice
SharesOwned
Filing




2016-12-30Option Award
2017-01-032:35 pm
N/AN/A
V F Corp
VFC
De Bedout Juan ErnestoDirector
514
$0
73,505(Direct)
View


2016-12-02Exercise
2016-12-024:56 pm
N/AN/A
V F Corp
VFC
De Bedout Juan ErnestoDirector
6,000
$19.03
29,970(Direct)
View


2016-12-02Exercise
2016-12-024:56 pm
2008-02-092017-02-08
V F Corp
VFC
De Bedout Juan ErnestoDirector
6,000
$19.03
29,970(Direct)
View


2016-09-30Option Award
2016-10-031:07 pm
N/AN/A
V F Corp
VFC
De Bedout Juan ErnestoDirector
490
$0
72,520(Direct)
View


2016-07-01Option Award
2016-07-0611:21 am
N/AN/A
V F Corp
VFC
De Bedout Juan ErnestoDirector
443
$0
71,622(Direct)
View


2016-04-01Option Award
2016-04-0512:42 pm
N/AN/A
V F Corp
VFC
De Bedout Juan ErnestoDirector
425
$0
70,788(Direct)
View


2016-02-23Option Award
2016-02-2511:28 am
N/AN/A
V F Corp
VFC
De Bedout Juan ErnestoDirector
1,183
$0
23,970(Direct)
View


2016-02-23Option Award
2016-02-2511:28 am
2017-02-232026-02-22
V F Corp
VFC
De Bedout Juan ErnestoDirector
5,833
$61.29
23,970(Direct)
View


2015-12-31Option Award
2016-01-043:07 pm
N/AN/A
V F Corp
VFC
De Bedout Juan ErnestoDirector
440
$0
70,391(Direct)
View


2015-10-02Option Award
2015-10-054:07 pm
N/AN/A
V F Corp
VFC
De Bedout Juan ErnestoDirector
399
$0
69,202(Direct)
View


2015-07-30Exercise
2015-07-3109:49 am
N/AN/A
V F Corp
VFC
De Bedout Juan ErnestoDirector
17,200
$19.03
39,967(Direct)
View


2015-07-30Exercise
2015-07-3109:49 am
2008-02-092017-02-08
V F Corp
VFC
De Bedout Juan ErnestoDirector
17,200
$19.03
39,967(Direct)
View


2015-07-02Option Award
2015-07-0612:21 pm
N/AN/A
V F Corp
VFC
De Bedout Juan ErnestoDirector
383
$0
68,238(Direct)
View


2015-04-03Option Award
2015-04-062:56 pm
N/AN/A
V F Corp
VFC
De Bedout Juan ErnestoDirector
365
$0
67,606(Direct)
View


2015-02-25Exercise
2015-02-253:56 pm
N/AN/A
V F Corp
VFC
De Bedout Juan ErnestoDirector
11,200
$14.2
33,951(Direct)
View


2015-02-25Exercise
2015-02-253:56 pm
2007-02-102016-02-09
V F Corp
VFC
De Bedout Juan ErnestoDirector
11,200
$14.2
33,951(Direct)
View


2015-02-18Option Award
2015-02-202:42 pm
N/AN/A
V F Corp
VFC
De Bedout Juan ErnestoDirector
963
$0
22,751(Direct)
View


2015-02-18Option Award
2015-02-202:42 pm
2016-02-182025-02-17
V F Corp
VFC
De Bedout Juan ErnestoDirector
5,091
$75.35
22,751(Direct)
View









    © 2005-2017 SecForm4.Com All rights reserved.
    Archives:
    2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 ... 
    Sun, 23 Jul 2017 01:00:02 -0500
  

    SEC is the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. EDGAR is a trademark of the SEC.
    SecForm4.Com is not affiliated with or approved by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).
Terms of Use |
    Privacy Statement |
  











Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















juan de bedout - Find.Furniture - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation









Web


Images
Images


















Search the Web


 





























Juan De Bedout - Search for Juan De Bedout. | find.furniture



Ad
 ·
www.find.furniture/​Juan De Bedout



Find the Big Brands. Search a Range of Sofas, Beds, Dining Tables & Chairs.




Bedout at Amazon - Low Prices on Bedout.



Ad
 ·
www.Amazon.com/​Bedout



Low Prices on Bedout. Free 2-Day Shipping w/ Amazon Prime.


amazon.com is rated


















Rated 4.0 out of 5.0

(7,560 reviews)





Rent, Buy, Sell Textbooks



Free 2-Day Ship w/Student



Sell Books for Gift Cards





Juan De Bedout's History | Records.TruthFinder.com



Ad
 ·
Records.TruthFinder.com



Juan De Bedout's Past Available Online. Simply Search a Name and State.





Learn More



Search Records Now



Search Arrest Records



Best People Search




Web Results

Juan de Bedout | Professional Profile

https://www.linkedin.com/in/juan-de-bedout-b170965


View Juan de Bedout’s professional profile on LinkedIn. LinkedIn is the world's largest business network, helping professionals like Juan de Bedout discover inside ...


Juan de Bedout Profiles | Facebook

https://www.facebook.com/public/Juan-de-Bedout


View the profiles of people named Juan de Bedout. Join Facebook to connect with Juan de Bedout and others you may know. Facebook gives people the power...


Juan Manuel de Bedout at GE Energy Connections | LinkedIn

https://www.linkedin.com/in/juan-manuel-de-bedout-92534488


View Juan Manuel de Bedout’s professional profile on LinkedIn. LinkedIn is the world's largest business network, helping professionals like Juan Manuel de Bedout ...


Juan De Bedout (@juandebedout) | Twitter

https://twitter.com/juandebedout


The latest Tweets from Juan De Bedout (@juandebedout): "Queremos ver al tigre de rojo!!!!"


Juan M. de Bedout (@JuanMdeBedout) | Twitter

https://twitter.com/JuanMdeBedout


The latest Tweets from Juan M. de Bedout (@JuanMdeBedout). Chief Technology Officer for GE's Energy Connections business. Husband, Father, Engineer, Paisa ...


Juan Ernesto De Bedout - Our People - Purdue Engineering

https://engineering.purdue.edu/Engr/People/Committees/EAC/pt...


Juan Ernesto de Bedout retired as group president of Latin American Operations for Kimberly-Clark, maker of Huggies©, Kleenex©, and Scott© consumer products, where ...


Juan Ernesto de Bedout - Doctor of Engineering - Purdue ...

www.purdue.edu/newsroom/releases/2013/Q2/juan-ernesto-de-bedout...


Mr. Juan Ernesto de Bedout is the former group president of Latin American Operations, Kimberly-Clark Corporation.


HACIENDA SAN JUAN DE BEDOUTH

www.sjbedouth.com/index.php?option=com_content&view=article&id=49&...


La hacienda San Juan de Bedouth ha sufrido una serie de transformaciones en su historia que lo han llevado a posicionarse como una de las principales empresas ...


Juan Ernesto De Bedout - VF Corp Insider Transactions ...

https://www.tipranks.com/insiders/juan-ernesto-de-bedout


Juan Ernesto De Bedout, Director at VF Corp (VFC), has a 37.5% success rate when buying and selling stocks.


9 Juan Bedout profiles | LinkedIn

https://us.linkedin.com/pub/dir/Juan/Bedout


View the profiles of professionals named Juan Bedout on LinkedIn. There are 9 professionals named Juan Bedout, who use LinkedIn to exchange information, ideas, and ...










Juan De Bedout - Search for Juan De Bedout. | find.furniture



Ad
 ·
www.find.furniture/​Juan De Bedout



Find the Big Brands. Search a Range of Sofas, Beds, Dining Tables & Chairs.




Bedout at Amazon - Low Prices on Bedout.



Ad
 ·
www.Amazon.com/​Bedout



Low Prices on Bedout. Free 2-Day Shipping w/ Amazon Prime.


amazon.com is rated


















Rated 4.0 out of 5.0

(7,560 reviews)





Rent, Buy, Sell Textbooks



Free 2-Day Ship w/Student



Sell Books for Gift Cards





Juan De Bedout's History | Records.TruthFinder.com



Ad
 ·
Records.TruthFinder.com



Juan De Bedout's Past Available Online. Simply Search a Name and State.





Learn More



Search Records Now



Search Arrest Records



Best People Search



12345Next
















Search the Web























© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network














Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...




First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





we also search social networks:

















This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search






  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



 Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search






  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results

Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip


What's Your Age?


Submit
I don't know

Skip

















