    Anne De Greef-Safft | Standex International Corporation | ZoomInfo.com

Anne De Greef-Safft: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 8:44 AM ET
Machinery

Company Overview of Standex International Corporation



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Anne   De Greef-Safft  President of Food Service Equipment, Standex International CorporationAgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 0 Board Members in 0 different organizations across 3 different industries.54$1,032,715As of Fiscal Year 2016
Background

		Ms. Anne De Greef-Safft has been President of Food Service Equipment at Standex International Corporation since January 26, 2015. Ms. De Greef-Safft joined Standex from Danaher Corporation, where she served as Vice President, Strategic Development - Danaher Sensors & Controls. Ms. De Greef-Safft served as the President of Anderson Instrument Co. Inc. until 2014. She held various leadership positions within Danaher since 2002. From 2009 to 2014, she was President of Danaher's ... Gems, Setra, Sonix and Anderson gained significant expertise in customer relations, driving innovation, integrating acquisitions, developing talent and enhancing operational efficiencies. She served as President of Leica Biosystems from 2007 to 2009. She served as the President of Pathology Diagnostics Division and Member of the Managing Board for Leica Microsystems GmbH. During her time at Danaher, she also served as Board Director of Senstronics from 2009 to 2014, President of Hach Lange Europe from 2005 to 2007, and President of Anderson Companies from 2002 to 2005. From 1985 to 2002, she served in numerous industrial management roles at Airpax Corp., Ultrak, Inc., C-Power Products, Inc., Rogers Corporation and Mietec NV. Ms. De Greef-Safft served as the Vice President of Sales and Marketing of Airpax Corporation since December 1, 1998. She has over 13 years of international marketing and sales experience in the electronics industry. Prior to Airpax, from 1985 to 2002, Ms. De Greef-Safft served as the Vice President of Marketing and Business Development for Ultrak Inc., Lewisville, TX; Director of Marketing and Sales for C-Power Products, Inc., Rockwall, TX; Senior Market Development Engineer for Rogers Corporation, Rogers, CT; Product Manager for Rogers¹ European subsidiaries; and Technology Engineer for MIETEC, a Belgium-based subsidiary of Alcatel. Ms. De Greef-Safft holds a Bachelor of Science and Master of Science Degrees in Electronics Engineering from the University of Louvain, Belgium. She holds a Master of Business Administration Degree from Babson College in Wellesley, MA.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
11 Keewaydin DriveSalem, New Hampshire 03079United StatesPhone: 603-893-9701Fax: 603-893-7324
Board Members Memberships
				There is no Board Members Memberships data available.
				Education
MBA Babson CollegeMS Universite catholique de LouvainBS Universite catholique de Louvain
Other Affiliations
Airpax CorporationLeica Microsystems GmbHBabson CollegeUniversite catholique de LouvainAnderson Instrument Co., Inc.


Annual Compensation
Salary$383,438Total Annual Compensation$383,438
Stocks Options
Restricted Stock Awards$535,473All Other Compensation$35,314
Total Compensation
Total Annual Cash Compensation$495,867Total Short Term Compensation$383,438Other Long Term Compensation$570,787Total Calculated Compensation$1,032,715




Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONNamePosition/CompanyCompensationGregg C. Sengstack Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and PresidentFranklin Electric Co., Inc.$694.5KRobert J. Pagano Jr.Chief Executive Officer, President and DirectorWatts Water Technologies, Inc.$763.8KScott A. Buckhout Chief Executive Officer, President and DirectorCIRCOR International, Inc.$664.3KStephen E. MacAdam Chief Executive Officer, President and DirectorEnPro Industries, Inc.$850.0KJ. Scott Hall Chief Executive Officer, President and DirectorMueller Water Products, Inc.--Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2016.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Standex International Corporation, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close


























 



Anne Greef, President, Danaher Corporation | Spoke











































LOGIN



REGISTER








Add Company



Add Person



Add Topic




Login






Or



















Home | People | Anne Greef


Advanced Search
FAQ




Javascript is disabled












Bio
EDIT













Anne Greef

Anne De Greef-Safft



President, Danaher Corporation



Add Current Location



Find other people named Anne Greef




General Info


Add Industry— eg, Real Estate, Finance...



Add Tags— eg, Finance, Business2Business...



Anne De Greef-Safft, President Hach Lange Europe
 Anne De Greef-Safft became President of Hach Lange Europe in 2005. Ms. De Greef-Safft joined Danaher in 2002 as President of Anderson Instrument Company. Prior to joining Danaher, Ms. De Greef-Safft was a Vice President & General Manager of the Thermal Sensing Products division of Airpax Corporation. In addition she held positions of increasing responsibility at Alcatel-Mietec (now AMI Semiconductor) and Rogers Corporation.
Anne holds (the Belgian equivalent of) Bachelor & Master of Science degrees in Electrical Engineering from the Catholic University of Louvain in Louvain, Belgium, as well as a Master of Business Administration degree from Babson College in Wellesley, MA. Anne is fluent in English, Dutch, French, and German.


Not who you're looking for?
Find other Anne Greefs on Spoke




Contact



Telephone



Email



Background Report



Public Records


powered by





Digital Info



N/A



N/A



N/A



N/A



N/A



N/A



N/A









Resume

EDIT
CAREER



Danaher Corporation

President

Jul-2012




Sensata Technologies, Power Controls (Sensing)

Vice President





Sensata Technologies, Power Controls (Sensing)

General Manager





Sensata Technologies, Power Controls (Sensing)

Vice President, Marketing & Sales





Anderson Instrument Co. Inc.

President





EDUCATION

EDIT

Add a Degree— eg, Bachelors in Business Administration








Blogs By Industry Voices


There are currently no Blogs by Industry Voices





Achievements and Recognition
EDIT


Add an achievement and/or recognition— eg, Man of the year, Forbes 2011...





Notable Links

EDIT


The links below are powered by Bing search results. Click edit to customize.





Videos
EDIT


Add a videofrom youtube or vimeo





EXECUTIVES & FEATURED PEOPLE AT Danaher Corporation








Rosanne Kennedy

Corp
Mar-2012








Chris Mcmahon

Group Vice President--Finance
Feb-2012








Andy Wilson

Vice President Investor Relations









Bob Joyce










Jeffrey Piper

Group Executive/VP









Brian Huprich










Daniel Comas

Senior Vice President, Finance and Corporate Development









Linda Cheever

President, China Management Board









Lawrence Culp

President And Chief Executive Officer









Steve Simms

Executive Vice President
















Created on Nov 28, 2008


by Spoke
 







Edited on Nov 28, 2008


by Spoke
 




PAGE COMPLETION

25%




Summary




Career




Add 3 Notable Links



Add an Industry



Add Education



Add a Photo



Add a Website or Blog



Add a Video



Add 3 Achievements



Add a Social Network



View More


View Less



SHARE THIS PAGE
















Add Page


Add Company
Add Person
Add Topic




Copy this code to embed a widget:



<div id="spoke-root"></div>
<script>(function(d, s, id) {
var js, sjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];
if (d.getElementById(id)) return;
js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id;
js.src = "//www.spoke.com/assets/widget.js";
sjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, sjs);
}(document, 'script', 'spoke-widget-js'));</script>
    <div class="spoke-widget" data-host="//www.spoke.com" data-type="person" data-id="3e1429c09e597c1002b5cbd6" data-width="404" data-height="230" data-scroll="no" data-frame-border="none"></div>
    <div style="font-size: 9pt;"><a href="http://www.spoke.com/people/anne-greef-3e1429c09e597c1002b5cbd6">Anne Greef</a> widget provided by <a href="http://www.spoke.com">Spoke</a></div>




Public Records
Our partner can help you find public records for Anne.


More on









Some of Spoke's Content Providers








Become a Spoke Content Provider
Learn More


 












Anne De Greef-Safft, Standex International Corporation Group President, Food Service Equipment Group - REDBOOKS








































Brands, Marketers, Agencies. Search Less. Sell More.





/   SIGN IN

GET A FREE TRIAL   
CONTACT US: (800) 908-5395





















Anne  De Greef-Safft
Group President, Food Service Equipment Group, Standex International Corporation








              Real-time sales trigger feed - generated by REDBOOKS machine learning and natural language processing technology, tracking 800,000+ news sources to aggregate all new executives, job/role changes and news on decision makers, brands and agencies in the media/marketing industry.
              

              This sales feed is for Anne  De Greef-Safft at Standex International Corporation. Anne  De Greef-Safft works as Group President, Food Service Equipment Group .  Standex International Corporation is a leader in Appliances .
              REDBOOKS tracks personnel changes for advertisers spending over $1 million annually.
              

              For more  leads or media/marketing prospecting automation, start a free trial now.
              

Recent Related News


10/19/2016:


United States : Standex acquires Horizon Scientific, Inc.

..... Our longstanding relationships in the pharma, biotech, hospital, medical school and government industries make Horizon Scientific and Standex a great strategic fit.
Horizon Scientific has a deep understanding of its key markets, excellent insight into its sales channels and an ability to develop custom solutions very quickly for customers, said Standex Food Service Equipment Group President Anne De Greef-Safft. We welcome the entire Horizon Scientific team to Standex and look forward to working together to expand our product portfolio and customer base......

People In This Article:
Anne De Greef-Safft
,                                            David Dunbar
 

10/29/2015:


Standex International's (SXI) CEO David Dunbar on Q1 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript

..... We’ve also hired a new HR leader, Ross McGovern to run our talent management program to attract, retain and develop the best employees. In January, we’ve brought in Anne De Greef-Safft to lead our Food Service Equipment Group. So we’ve been taking the necessary steps to strategically align our resources at the corporate level and we’re already starting to see the benefits of those investments in our operating platforms.
.....

People In This Article:
Anne De Greef-Safft
,                                            David Dunbar
,                                            Paul Burns
,                                            Ross McGovern
,                                            Thomas DeByle
 






Learn more about Anne  De Greef-Safft  and 260,000+ key contacts

  Create targeted lead lists

  Gain insider knowledge with advanced machine  learning
  Real-time verified contact info



Enter Work Email:

Please enter email address.
 Please enter valid email address.









             Learn more about Anne  De Greef-Safft and 260,000+ key contacts
            



























First Name *

 Please enter first name.




Last Name *

 Please enter last name.






Company Name *

 Please enter company name.






Email *





Phone *

 Please enter phone number.
 Please enter 10 digits number.





What industry are you in? *  
                (Please select one the categories below)
Please enter value for the industry.




                     Media Sales
                  




                     Production
                  




                     Ad-Tech/Mar-Tech
                  




                     Sponsorship Sales
                  



  Agency New Business
                  



  Other:
                  




What is your role? *
                 
                 (Please select one the categories below)
Please enter value for the role.



  C-Suite
                  



  VP/Manager
                  



  Sales Rep
                  



  Other:
                  














Thank you for registering for a Free REDBOOKS.com Trial!
We are processing your request and will be in touch shortly to get you started!
For Immediate Assistance, please call us at (800) 908-5395 or email us at info@redbooks.com


























Home
Learn More
FREE Trial


Features




AD THINK Events
Thought Leadership Events
Top Advertiser Directory
Top Agency Directory



Add Your Agency
Update Your Agency
Agency Showcase
Advertising Associations
Creative Spotlight
Services and Suppliers


About Us
Blog
Contact Us
Jobs
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy





Customer Support
(800) 908-5395
Connect with us




















Copyright © 2017 Red Books LLC. All rights reserved






























Security Check Required






FacebookJoin or Log Into Facebook   Email or PhonePasswordForgot account?Log InDo you want to join Facebook?Sign UpSign UpSecurity CheckPlease enter the text belowCan't read the text above?Try another text or an audio captchaText in the box:What's this?Security CheckThis is a standard security test that we use to prevent spammers from creating fake accounts and spamming users.SubmitEnglish (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017




	Standex Names Anne De Greef-Safft President of Food Service



























AboutSegmentsInvestorsGovernance








       Home | Contact











More than one Google Analytics scripts are registered. Please verify your pages and templates.









ABOUT STANDEX


























Our Company

Our Vision

Our History

Directors

Management

News Releases

Contact Standex

Request Information

FAQs














ABOUT STANDEX










Home/ About/ News Releases









News Releases
Below please read about some of the latest news from Standex. Also, please read about other goings-on by visiting our Brands tab and visiting our five product segments. 
To subscribe to our newsfeeds, please visit our “Investors” tab.








            Standex Names Anne De Greef-Safft President of Food Service
        
 
                Jan 26, 2015
        

 SALEM, N.H.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Standex International Corporation (NYSE:SXI) today announced that it has named Anne De Greef-Safft as Group President, Food Service Equipment Group, effective January 26, 2015. De Greef-Safft joins Standex from Danaher Corporation, where she served most recently as Vice President, Strategic Development - Danaher Sensors & Controls.   “Anne brings proven global operations leadership capabilities to the Standex Food Service Equipment Group at an important time for the segment,” said David Dunbar, CEO of Standex. “While leading multiple and diverse P&Ls during the past 12 years, Anne gained significant expertise in customer relations, driving innovation, integrating acquisitions, developing talent and enhancing operational efficiencies. Her successful experience in these areas will be valuable assets as we execute on our organic and acquisition growth strategies and implement operational improvement initiatives to enhance margin performance. We look forward to Anne’s contributions as our Food Service Equipment Group President in moving the segment forward.1”  De Greef-Safft held various leadership positions within Danaher since 2002. From 2009 through 2014, De Greef-Safft was President of Danaher’s Gems, Setra, Sonix and Anderson Companies, where she directed the worldwide operations, marketing & sales, engineering, accounting and human resources functions of these businesses. During her time at Danaher, she also served as Board Director of Senstronics from 2009-2014, President of Leica Biosystems from 2007-2009, President of Hach Lange Europe from 2005-2007, and President of Anderson Companies from 2002-2005. From 1985 to 2002, she served in numerous industrial management roles at Airpax Corp., Ultrak, Inc., C-Power Products, Inc., Rogers Corporation and Mietec NV. De Greef-Safft earned an MBA from Babson College and B.S.E.E. and M.S.E.E. degrees from Catholic University of Louvain in Belgium.  About Standex  Standex International Corporation is a multi-industry manufacturer in five broad business segments: Food Service Equipment Group, Engineering Technologies Group, Engraving Group, Electronics Products Group, and Hydraulics Products Group with operations in the United States, Europe, Canada, Australia, Singapore, Mexico, Brazil, Argentina, Turkey, South Africa, India and China. For additional information, visit the Company's website at www.standex.com.  1 Safe Harbor Language
Statements in this news release include, or may be based upon, management's current expectations, estimates and/or projections about Standex's markets and industries. These statements are forward-looking statements within the meaning of The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results may materially differ from those indicated by such forward-looking statements as a result of certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Among the factors that could cause actual results to differ are the impact of implementation of government regulations and programs affecting our businesses, unforeseen legal judgments, fines or settlements, uncertainty in conditions in the financial and banking markets, general domestic and international economy including more specifically increases in raw material costs, the ability to substitute less expensive alternative raw materials, the heavy construction vehicle market, the ability to continue to successfully implement productivity improvements, increase market share, access new markets, introduce new products, enhance our presence in strategic channels, the successful expansion and automation of manufacturing capabilities and diversification efforts in emerging markets, the ability to continue to achieve cost savings through lean manufacturing, cost reduction activities, and low cost sourcing, effective completion of plant consolidations, successful completion and integration of acquisitions and the other factors discussed in the Annual Report of Standex on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ending June 30, 2014, which is on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and any subsequent periodic reports filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission. In addition, any forward-looking statements represent management's estimates only as of the day made and should not be relied upon as representing management's estimates as of any subsequent date. While the Company may elect to update forward-looking statements at some point in the future, the Company and management specifically disclaim any obligation to do so, even if management's estimates change.        Contact:       Standex International Corporation
Thomas DeByle, 603-893-9701
CFO InvestorRelations@Standex.com     


All news
























Focused. Leadership.







Food ServiceEngravingEngineering TechnologiesElectronicsHydraulics















	©Copyright 1998-2013 Standex International Corporation. All Rights Reserved. design by: Concentre Communications, Inc.®







LegalCopyright















	Standex Names Anne De Greef-Safft President of Food Service



































Contact Us







HomeRequest InformationAbout Nor-Lake




























FoodserviceScientific - Industrial







 Refrigeration Equipment for Foodservice, Scientific and Industrial Markets 









NOR-LAKE, INC.














Nor-Lake, Inc.




About Nor-Lake

Nor-Lake News

Customer Feedback Survey

Request Information

Website Use Agreement

Privacy Policy

Committed to Our Environment

Contact Us















   SURVEY      RESOURCESFoodservice Resources Scientific Resources      SERVICEFoodservice Service Scientific Service      WARRANTYFoodservice Warranty Scientific Warranty      ORDEROrder Foodservice Order Scientific      CONTACTContact Foodservice Contact Scientific      QUESTIONSFoodservice Questions Scientific Questions  









Nor-Lake, Inc.










Home/ Nor-Lake News








 Nor-Lake, Inc. News To speak with us regarding a news article, or obtain specific information, please contact Nor-Lake at sales@norlake.com or call (800) 955-5253.  



All news


            Standex Names Anne De Greef-Safft President of Food Service
        

            by 
            Jan 28, 2015
        

     SALEM, N.H.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Standex International Corporation (NYSE:SXI) has named Anne De Greef-Safft as Group President, Food Service Equipment Group, effective January 26th, 2015. De Greef-Safft joins Standex from Danaher Corporation, where she served most recently as Vice President, Strategic Development - Danaher Sensors & Controls.   “Anne brings proven global operations leadership capabilities to the Standex Food Service Equipment Group at an important time for the segment,” said David Dunbar, CEO of Standex. “While leading multiple and diverse P&Ls during the past 12 years, Anne gained significant expertise in customer relations, driving innovation, integrating acquisitions, developing talent and enhancing operational efficiencies. Her successful experience in these areas will be valuable assets as we execute on our organic and acquisition growth strategies and implement operational improvement initiatives to enhance margin performance. We look forward to Anne’s contributions as our Food Service Equipment Group President in moving the segment forward.” De Greef-Safft held various leadership positions within Danaher since 2002. From 2009 through 2014, De Greef-Safft was President of Danaher’s Gems, Setra, Sonix and Anderson Companies, where she directed the worldwide operations, marketing & sales, engineering, accounting and human resources functions of these businesses. During her time at Danaher, she also served as Board Director of Senstronics from 2009-2014, President of Leica Biosystems from 2007-2009, President of Hach Lange Europe from 2005-2007, and President of Anderson Companies from 2002-2005. From 1985 to 2002, she served in numerous industrial management roles at Airpax Corp., Ultrak, Inc., C-Power Products, Inc., Rogers Corporation and Mietec NV. De Greef-Safft earned an MBA from Babson College and B.S.E.E. and M.S.E.E. degrees from Catholic University of Louvain in Belgium. 






 Past News








            Standex Names Anne De Greef-Safft President of Food Service
        

            by 
            Katie Pierce | Jan 28, 2015
            

        

     SALEM, N.H.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Standex International Corporation (NYSE:SXI) has named Anne De Greef-Safft as Group President, Food Service Equipment Group, effective January 26th, 2015. De Greef-Safft joins Standex from Danaher Corporation, where she served most recently as Vice President, Strategic Development - Danaher Sensors & Controls.   “Anne brings proven global operations leadership capabilities to the Standex Food Service Equipment Group at an important time for the segment,” said David Dunbar, CEO of Standex. “While leading multiple and diverse P&Ls during the past 12 years, Anne gained significant expertise in customer relations, driving innovation, integrating acquisitions, developing talent and enhancing operational efficiencies. Her successful experience in these areas will be valuable assets as we execute on our organic and acquisition growth strategies and implement operational improvement initiatives to enhance margin performance. We look forward to Anne’s contributions as our Food Service Equipment Group President in moving the segment forward.” De Greef-Safft held various leadership positions within Danaher since 2002. From 2009 through 2014, De Greef-Safft was President of Danaher’s Gems, Setra, Sonix and Anderson Companies, where she directed the worldwide operations, marketing & sales, engineering, accounting and human resources functions of these businesses. During her time at Danaher, she also served as Board Director of Senstronics from 2009-2014, President of Leica Biosystems from 2007-2009, President of Hach Lange Europe from 2005-2007, and President of Anderson Companies from 2002-2005. From 1985 to 2002, she served in numerous industrial management roles at Airpax Corp., Ultrak, Inc., C-Power Products, Inc., Rogers Corporation and Mietec NV. De Greef-Safft earned an MBA from Babson College and B.S.E.E. and M.S.E.E. degrees from Catholic University of Louvain in Belgium. 




















  © Copyright 2016 Nor-Lake, Inc.®  All Rights Reserved.  A Standex International Corporation Company.      LegalPrivacy Policy   






 







About Standex Visit our Website Contact Standex 




 Focused. Leadership.Visit Our Business  |  Brands Food Service Engineering Engraving Electronics Hydraulics  















	Standex Names Anne De Greef-Safft President of Food Service



































Contact Us







HomeRequest InformationAbout Nor-LakeEmployment




























FoodserviceScientific - Industrial







 Refrigeration Equipment for Foodservice, Scientific and Industrial Markets 












ProductsNews & ShowsMedia LibraryLiterature & ManualsCustomer SupportContact UsEmployment












FOODSERVICE





FOODSERVICE




Products


Walk-ins


Kold Locker™ Walk-ins

Fast-Trak® Walk-ins

Fineline™ Walk-ins


Refrigeration Systems


Capsule Pak™ Refrigeration Systems

Remote Capsule Pak™ Refrigeration Systems

Dual Pak™ Refrigeration Systems

Split-Pak™ Pre-Assembled Remote Refrigeration Systems

Rack Refrigeration Systems


Cabinets


NOVA™


Reach-ins


NOVA™ Refrigerators

NOVA™ Freezers

NOVA™ Glass Door Refrigerators

NOVA™ Pass-Thru Refrigerators

NOVA™ Roll-In Refrigerators

NOVA™ Roll-Thru Refrigerators

NOVA™ Heated Cabinets

NOVA™ Heated Pass-Thru Cabinets

NOVA™ Heated Roll-Thru Cabinets


Display Freezers / Merchandisers


Curved Lid Display Freezers

Flat Lid Display Freezers

Vertical Open Air Merchandisers

Horizontal Open Air Merchandisers

Angled Merchandisers


Milk Coolers


Cold Wall Open Front Milk Cooler

Cold Wall Dual Access Milk Cooler

Milk Cooler Storage


Specialty Freezers


Ice Cream Topping Refrigerators and Freezers

Ice Cream Topping Freezer

Storage Dipping Cabinets

Topping Dipping Cabinets

Dipping Display Merchandiser


Blast Chillers / Freezers


Blast Chillers

Blast Chillers / Freezers


Food Preparation


Refrigerated Prep Table


Ice Crusher


Ice Crusher



AdvantEDGE™


Reach-ins


AdvantEDGE™ Full Solid Door Reach-in Refrigerators

AdvantEDGE™ Full Glass Door Reach-in Refrigerators

AdvantEDGE™ Half Door Reach-in Refrigerators

AdvantEDGE™ Full Solid Door Reach-in Freezers

AdvantEDGE™ Half Door Reach-in Freezers


Merchandisers


AdvantEDGE™ Full Line Swing Glass Door Refrigerator Merchandisers

AdvantEDGE™ Full Line Swing Glass Door Freezer Merchandisers

AdvantEDGE™ Full Line Slide Glass Door Refrigerator Merchandisers

AdvantEDGE™ Glass Door Refrigerators

AdvantEDGE™ Countertop Merchandiser


Food Preparation


AdvantEDGE™ Sandwich Food Prep Refrigerators

AdvantEDGE™ Mega Top Sandwich Food Prep Refrigerators

AdvantEDGE™ Pizza Prep Tables


Bar Equipment


AdvantEDGE™ Bottle Coolers

AdvantEDGE™ Back Bar Refrigeration

AdvantEDGE™ Shallow Back Bar Refrigeration

AdvantEDGE™ Direct Draw Beer Coolers


Undercounter


AdvantEDGE™ Undercounter/Worktable Refrigerators

AdvantEDGE™ Undercounter/Worktable Freezers

AdvantEDGE™ Undercounter/Worktable Options


Refrigerated Chef Base


AdvantEDGE™ Refrigerated Chef Base





News & Shows


News & Shows

Industry Links


Media Library


Walk-Ins

Refrigeration Systems

Reach-Ins

Milk Coolers

Merchandisers

Ice Crusher

Ice Cream Cabinets

Food Preparation

Bar Equipment

Undercounter / Countertop

Blast Chillers / Freezers

Refrigerated Chef Base


Literature & Manuals


Brochures & Flyers

Specification Sheets

Product Manuals

Warranty Certificates

Nor-Lake Walk-in Specification Manual


Customer Support


Service Contractor Locator

Warranty Claim Process

Customer Feedback Survey

Request Information

FAQs


Contact Us


New Equipment Sales

Technical Service / Warranty

Parts

Installation

Manufacturer Representatives


Employment


Employment










 Meeting the future with 
eco-friendly refrigerants







  SURVEY    RESOURCES   SERVICE   WARRANTY   ORDER   CONTACT  QUESTIONS









Foodservice










Home/ Foodservice/ News & Shows/ News & Shows






News
To speak with us regarding a news article, or obtain specific information, please contact Nor-Lake at sales@norlake.com or call (800) 955-5253. 





All news


            Standex Names Anne De Greef-Safft President of Food Service
        

            by 
            Jan 28, 2015
        

     SALEM, N.H.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Standex International Corporation (NYSE:SXI) has named Anne De Greef-Safft as Group President, Food Service Equipment Group, effective January 26th, 2015. De Greef-Safft joins Standex from Danaher Corporation, where she served most recently as Vice President, Strategic Development - Danaher Sensors & Controls.   “Anne brings proven global operations leadership capabilities to the Standex Food Service Equipment Group at an important time for the segment,” said David Dunbar, CEO of Standex. “While leading multiple and diverse P&Ls during the past 12 years, Anne gained significant expertise in customer relations, driving innovation, integrating acquisitions, developing talent and enhancing operational efficiencies. Her successful experience in these areas will be valuable assets as we execute on our organic and acquisition growth strategies and implement operational improvement initiatives to enhance margin performance. We look forward to Anne’s contributions as our Food Service Equipment Group President in moving the segment forward.” De Greef-Safft held various leadership positions within Danaher since 2002. From 2009 through 2014, De Greef-Safft was President of Danaher’s Gems, Setra, Sonix and Anderson Companies, where she directed the worldwide operations, marketing & sales, engineering, accounting and human resources functions of these businesses. During her time at Danaher, she also served as Board Director of Senstronics from 2009-2014, President of Leica Biosystems from 2007-2009, President of Hach Lange Europe from 2005-2007, and President of Anderson Companies from 2002-2005. From 1985 to 2002, she served in numerous industrial management roles at Airpax Corp., Ultrak, Inc., C-Power Products, Inc., Rogers Corporation and Mietec NV. De Greef-Safft earned an MBA from Babson College and B.S.E.E. and M.S.E.E. degrees from Catholic University of Louvain in Belgium. 











  Shows
The National Association of Food Equipment Manufacturers (NAFEM) Show February 9-11, 2017
Orlando, FL
 
The National Restaurant Association (NRA) Show
May 20-23, 2017
Chicago, IL


 Past News








            Standex Names Anne De Greef-Safft President of Food Service
        

            by 
            Katie Pierce | Jan 28, 2015
            

        

     SALEM, N.H.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Standex International Corporation (NYSE:SXI) has named Anne De Greef-Safft as Group President, Food Service Equipment Group, effective January 26th, 2015. De Greef-Safft joins Standex from Danaher Corporation, where she served most recently as Vice President, Strategic Development - Danaher Sensors & Controls.   “Anne brings proven global operations leadership capabilities to the Standex Food Service Equipment Group at an important time for the segment,” said David Dunbar, CEO of Standex. “While leading multiple and diverse P&Ls during the past 12 years, Anne gained significant expertise in customer relations, driving innovation, integrating acquisitions, developing talent and enhancing operational efficiencies. Her successful experience in these areas will be valuable assets as we execute on our organic and acquisition growth strategies and implement operational improvement initiatives to enhance margin performance. We look forward to Anne’s contributions as our Food Service Equipment Group President in moving the segment forward.” De Greef-Safft held various leadership positions within Danaher since 2002. From 2009 through 2014, De Greef-Safft was President of Danaher’s Gems, Setra, Sonix and Anderson Companies, where she directed the worldwide operations, marketing & sales, engineering, accounting and human resources functions of these businesses. During her time at Danaher, she also served as Board Director of Senstronics from 2009-2014, President of Leica Biosystems from 2007-2009, President of Hach Lange Europe from 2005-2007, and President of Anderson Companies from 2002-2005. From 1985 to 2002, she served in numerous industrial management roles at Airpax Corp., Ultrak, Inc., C-Power Products, Inc., Rogers Corporation and Mietec NV. De Greef-Safft earned an MBA from Babson College and B.S.E.E. and M.S.E.E. degrees from Catholic University of Louvain in Belgium. 




















  © Copyright 2016 Nor-Lake, Inc.®  All Rights Reserved.  A Standex International Corporation Company.      LegalPrivacy Policy   






 







About Standex Visit our Website Contact Standex 




 Focused. Leadership.Visit Our Business  |  Brands Food Service Engineering Engraving Electronics Hydraulics  













