
Security Check Required




FacebookJoin or Log Into Facebook   Email or PhonePasswordForgot account?Log InDo you want to join Facebook?Sign UpSign UpSecurity CheckPlease enter the text belowCan't read the text above?Try another text or an audio captchaText in the box:What's this?Security CheckThis is a standard security test that we use to prevent spammers from creating fake accounts and spamming users.SubmitEnglish (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017













 













 





Energy XXI Appoints Antonio de Pinho as SVP of Joint Ventures (NASDAQ:EXXI)









 








  
                    
                       
                           




Share this on:



 Delicious


 Digg


 Facebook


 LinkedIn


 Twitter





What is this?







« Previous Release | Next Release »
















August 30, 2012

Energy XXI Appoints Antonio de Pinho as SVP of Joint Ventures

HOUSTON, Aug. 30, 2012 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Energy XXI (Nasdaq:EXXI) (LSE:EXXI) today announced the appointment of Antonio De Pinho to senior vice president of joint ventures and technology effective Sept. 4, 2012.


 De Pinho has more than 20 years of experience in international oil and gas operations, most recently as vice president of western division and international exploration and production at El Paso Corporation. He also held the position of vice president of international business development at Devon Energy. Prior experience includes positions of increasing responsibility at Texaco, Partex Oil & Gas, Western Atlas International, and Ocean Energy before that company's acquisition by Devon in 2003.


 "Adding Antonio to the senior management team allows Energy XXI to pursue joint venture opportunities both within the company's core operating areas and, eventually, internationally," Chairman and Chief Executive Officer John Schiller said. "In a competitive acquisition market, Antonio has the experience and contacts to help capture deals that can add immediate value and future growth potential to the company."

About the Company

Energy XXI is an independent oil and natural gas exploration and production company whose growth strategy emphasizes acquisitions, enhanced by its value-added organic drilling program. The company's properties are located in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico waters and the Gulf Coast onshore.  Seymour Pierce is Energy XXI's listing broker in the United Kingdom.  To learn more, visit the Energy XXI website at www.EnergyXXI.com.


 The Energy XXI logo is available at http://www.globenewswire.com/newsroom/prs/?pkgid=3587
CONTACT: Enquiries of the Company



         Energy XXI

         Stewart Lawrence

         Vice President, Investor Relations and Communications

         713-351-3006

         slawrence@energyxxi.com



         Greg Smith

         Director, Investor Relations

         713-351-3149

         gsmith@energyxxi.com



         Seymour Pierce

         Nominated Adviser: Jonathan Wright

         Corporate Broking: Richard Redmayne

         Tel: +44 (0) 20 7107 8000



         Pelham Bell Pottinger

         James Henderson

         jhenderson@pelhambellpottinger.co.uk

         Mark Antelme

         mantelme@pelhambellpottinger.co.uk

         +44 (0) 20 7861 3232






Source: Energy XXI

News Provided by Acquire Media

Close window | Back to top

 delicious
 Digg
 Facebook
 LinkedIn
 Twitter







Copyright 2017 Energy XXI








 








Antonio de Pinho - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Antonio de Pinho
Chief Operating Officer and Executive Vice President, Exploration and Production at Energy XXI Ltd.


View Full Profile
Are you Antonio de Pinho? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Antonio de Pinho's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Antonio de Pinho's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Antonio de Pinho's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Antonio de Pinho through your network of contacts.
												








Antonio de Pinho's Executive Work History


Current


Chief Operating Officer and Executive Vice President, Exploration and Production, 
Energy XXI Ltd.


Past
To view Antonio de Pinho's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
50

 
 


Antonio de Pinho's Biography



Antonio de Pinho became our Chief Operating Officer on November 13, 2014 after being appointed Executive Vice President of Exploration and Production in June 2014 and previously serving as our Senior Vice President of M&A, Joint Ventures and Technology since joining us on September 4, 2012. Mr. de Pinho was with El Paso Exploration and Production, most recently serving as Vice President International and Western U.S. Divisions, where he was hired in October 2004 to be responsible for the International division, including the Exploration and Production, Power and Pipeline non-regulated businesses. Before joining El Paso, he held the position o ...
(Read More)

			Antonio de Pinho became our Chief Operating Officer on November 13, 2014 after being appointed Executive Vice President of Exploration and Production in June 2014 and previously serving as our Senior Vice President of M&A, Joint Ventures and Technology since joining us on September 4, 2012. Mr. de Pinho was with El Paso Exploration and Production, most recently serving as Vice President International and Western U.S. Divisions, where he was hired in October 2004 to be responsible for the International division, including the Exploration and Production, Power and Pipeline non-regulated businesses. Before joining El Paso, he held the position of Vice President Business Development for the International Division at Devon Energy Corporation following its merger with Ocean Energy where he served as Vice President International Business Development, itself a product of a merger in 1999 with Seagull Energy and in 1998 with United Meridian Corporation, which he joined in August 1997 as country manager in Angola. From 1995 to 1997 he held various upstream roles with Western Atlas with focus on reservoir engineering, working the North Sea and West Africa. Following graduation until 1995, he served Partex as a reservoir engineer and was seconded to Shell in Oman. Mr. de Pinho graduated in 1992 from the University of Lisbon with a Licenciature in Geological Engineering where he was awarded an Erasmus Scholarship from the European Community in University College of London, and he brings more than 20 years of experience in engineering, geology, operations and management with independent and major oil and gas companies.
		
Source: Energy XXI Ltd. on 10/28/2016
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Antonio de Pinho's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Antonio de Pinho. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Antonio de Pinho's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Antonio de Pinho's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Antonio de Pinho through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Antonio de Pinho


















Antonio de Pinho's Connections (21)





Sign up now to view Antonio de Pinho's 21 connections »









Bruce W. Busmire
Chief Financial Officer, Energy XXI Ltd.









Benjamin Marchive
Former Chief Operating Officer, Energy XXI Ltd.









Scott A. Griffiths
Board Member, Energy XXI Ltd.









John D. Schiller
Dir., President and Chief Executive Officer, Energy XXI Ltd.









Hugh A. Menown
Former Executive Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer, Energy XXI Ltd.









Hill A. Feinberg
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Hilltop Securities, Hilltop Holdings Inc.









Steve Nelson
Former VP, Drilling and Production, Energy XXI Ltd.









William Colvin
Former Board Member, Energy XXI Ltd.









Paul Davison
Former Board Member, Energy XXI Ltd.









David M. Dunwoody
Former Board Member, Energy XXI Ltd.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Michael C. Montgomery
Board Member, NMI Holdings, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

ï¿½ 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993













