










 













 













 







Deadly Codes Productions LLC - Other- O'donnell  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









Deadly Codes Productions LLC

      Industry: Other
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    10242 Heronwood Lane  
    West Palm Beach, FL, 33412Phone: 617-549-5079 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-10-20


Amended


$825,000


$0


Equity and Debt


06b


SEC link




	2015-10-20


Amended


$825,000


$0


Equity and Debt


06b


SEC link




	2014-10-27


Amended


$825,000


$0


Equity and Debt


06b


SEC link




	2013-10-29


New


$825,000


$825,000


Equity and Debt


06b


SEC link




	2012-10-30


New


$725,000


$725,000


Equity Only


06


SEC link




	2011-10-31


New


$100,000


$100,000


Equity Only


06


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Joseph P O'donnell 
 Executive 


 Lan R Tauber 
 Executive 





















 













 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version












 

Deadly Codes Productions Llc raised $825,000 on October 27th, 2014































Want to see more?Want to find out who got funded, and who’s funding the next big thing? in real time? all across the world? tailored to your specific areas of focus?100+ deals per dayGet access to the most exhaustive worldwide funding watch on the web!Comprehensive funding informationKnow about who invested in a company, which sites covered the event, the funding history, etc.Exclusive insightsView original analytics such as most dynamic industries, most active investors, and more!Stay aware!Get emailed when deals critical to your business happen. Filter by region, industry and topics of interest.As seen onHave a login?Sign inRegister now!It's free!Use your social accountOr fill in the quick form:Register nowpromise we won't spamSign invia your social account:via your existing WGF account:Remember meRegister, it's freeForgot your password?SIGN INForgot your password?Enter your e-mail and we will send you your new password.reset passwordThe world's largest funding base/deals/293061-deadly-codes-productions-llcsection=deals&subsection=detail&id=293061  




			Search deals by company name, industry, location, investors...			
			




SEARCH


Deadly Codes Productions Llc raised $825,000 on October 27th, 2014.Get alertedif Deadly Codes Productions Llc gets funded!Amount:$825,000Company:Deadly Codes Productions LlcInvestors:-Industry:OtherCountry:State:City:United StatesMassachusettsBedfordKey people:Joseph O'donnell (Executive Officer) Lan Tauber (Executive Officer)Data sources:www.sec.gov - D/A - Deadly Codes Productions LLC (0001529754) (Filer)Description:Deadly Codes Productions Llc has announced a 830K close for its capital raising. The transaction took place in 2014, October 27th.Please note that all data is automatically extracted and errors can occur.The WhoGotFunded team has not necessarily reviewed the information in this page and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.Inaccurate Data? Help us improve WhoGotFunded: post a comment!

DEADLY CODES PRODUCTIONS | #DeadlyCodesProductions


   

































#follownews







#follownews

Get your
#follownews page:
Signup >

Login
What is
#follownews?



 

 

 





 
 
 



























Deadly Codes Productions 

[+Follow 2 Articles]






Share






Tweet






+1


 








Sofia Vergara, Karl Urban, & Andy Garcia To Topline Bobby Moresco’s ‘Bent’









AMBI Media Group/ Deadly Codes Productions’ revenge thriller Bent has tapped Karl Urban, Sofia Vergara, and Andy Garcia as leads in the film, written and directed by Bobby Moresco. Based on... 


Continue Reading Post >







 





Sofia Vergara, Karl Urban, Andy Garcia to Star in Revenge Thriller ‘Bent’



#Moresco





 






Latest




 







GOP's 'Obamacare' repeal effort left reeling after Senate defeat



#Senate







Republicans Tried and Failed to Repeal Obamacare in the Dead of Night



#Senate







Why Phish's 'Baker's Dozen' Shows Are a Fan's Dream



#Shows Are







Donald Trump is supporting Anthony Scaramucci’s attacks on Reince Priebus: report



#Trump







‘Skinny repeal’ of Obamacare fails — these three Republican senators killed it



#Obamacare







Marines Ground KC-130T Planes After Deadly Crash



#Marine Corps







Woman pimp on the run for trafficking 13 women across 3 states



#California







US Sanction Policy 'Clearly Aimed at War' Threatening Peace in Europe



#European Union







Homicide investigation: Man shot on Milwaukee’s northwest side, suspects flees in vehicle, crashes



#Milwaukee







'Will fit in very nicely', 'Absolute class' - Man United fans call for club to sign 22-year-old midfielder



#Dendoncker




















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
























Deadly Codes Productions LLC in Bedford, MA - (781) 275-2819





























 

Enter company name












Home


Favorites


Lists


Employers by Major


Employ Veterans


Locations


Blog


Sign In





















                            The Most Advanced Company Information Database
                        





















 








Enter company name



Op. city,state,zip,county














 






Companies

 




Lists






 








Enter company name



Op. city,state,zip,county














 






Companies

 




Industries

 
 




Lists















Home

 




My Favorites
My Favorites





Lists





List Builder





Employers by Major





Employ Veterans





Locations





Industries





Blogs







X
You must be a subscriber!


This feature is available to paying subscribers only. 

Click here to learn about our subscription plans.
            



















Deadly Codes Productions LLC

























Action 


Add to List
Add to Favorites
Share
































        Contact Information
    




Deadly Codes Productions LLC



7 Crestview Rd
Bedford, MA 01730






Contact:
Joseph O'Donnell


Title:
Principal


Phone:


                        781-275-2819
                    



Website:







Deadly Codes Productions LLC is the only company located at 7 Crestview Rd, Bedford, MA 01730












 














            Map
        





View larger map









            Business Description
        



Deadly Codes Productions is located in Bedford, Massachusetts. This organization primarily operates in the Motion Picture and Tape Distribution business / industry within the Motion Pictures sector. This organization has been operating for approximately 6 years. Deadly Codes Productions is estimated to generate $72,580 in annual revenues, and employs approximately 2 people at this single location.









Sector:

Motion Pictures



Category:

Motion Picture and Tape Distribution



Industry:

Motion Picture and Tape Distribution




SIC Code:

7822











Name:
Deadly Codes Productions LLC


Year Founded:


2011






State of Inc:
Massachusetts


Location Type:
Single


Revenue:

$ 72,580



Employees:

2



Facility Size:

N/A



* Revenue & Employees are estimates









Demographics for Zipcode 01730






Percentage Population



11,572
White
335
Hispanic
399
Black
1,358
Asian
54
Native American
15
Hawaiian
82
Other


87.5 %
White
2.5 %
Hispanic
3.0 %
Black
10.3 %
Asian
0.4 %
Native American
0.1 %
Hawaiian
0.6 %
Other













Population




Population 
13,221




Female50.2%6,639


Male49.8%6,582




Median Age

45.3




Female45.4


Male45.2






























Questions & Answers









How many people work at Deadly Codes Productions?





Deadly Codes Productions has approximately 2 employees at this location.







Is there a key contact at Deadly Codes Productions?





Joseph O'Donnell is the Principal at Deadly Codes Productions. You can contact Joseph at (781) 275-2819.







How long has Deadly Codes Productions been in business?





Deadly Codes Productions has been in business for approximately 6 years.









What are the annual sales for Deadly Codes Productions?





Deadly Codes Productions generates approximately $72,580 in annual sales.







What is the phone number for Deadly Codes Productions?





The phone number for Deadly Codes Productions is (781) 275-2819







Where is Deadly Codes Productions located?





Deadly Codes Productions is located at 7 Crestview Rd, Bedford, MA 01730.







How big is Deadly Codes Productions?





Deadly Codes Productions is estimated to generate $72,580 in annual revenues, and employs approximately 2 people at this location.










 

































Generate 
More Revenue 
with 
Buzzfile 











Uncover and contact more high-value prospects in less time than with any other resource





Information on 18 million companies, 50 million contacts, 6 million buildings & 18,000 industries





Complete list of businesses in any building





Advanced search, filtering and list-building





































Nearby Resources









                        Restaurant
                    




                        Coffee
                    




                        Parking
                    






                        Hotel
                    




                        Taxi
                    




                        Pharmacy
                    






                        Bank
                    




                        Gas
                    




                        Grocery
                    


















Statistics for Zipcode 01730






Average House Value


                                $ 537,400
                            



Average Household Income


                                $ 103,529
                            



Number of Households

5,134



Persons per Household

2.50













Number of Businesses

1,164



Number of Employees

17,178



Land Area (square miles)

13.698



Water Area (square miles)

0.178



















×
Save as List






List Name





Classification

General Interest
Personal
Prospect
Trade / Industry




List Type

Companies
Places
Contacts




Description





Upload Image




X



Who can access this list?



Public - Everyone can view and edit (appears in search results)





Pre-approve members with following email domain(s):

Domains





Add







Remove





Can members edit this list?



                                    Yes
                                




                                    No
                                




                                        I will decide for each user / group
                                    



Username





Add








Remove












                                                Location
                                            







                                                    This list covers companies throughout the entire U.S.
                                                




                                                    This list covers a specific geographic area (you can select more than one state, city…)
                                                


City






County






State






Zipcode





Area Code





Add





Type
Criteria







Remove











                                                Sector, Category & Industry
                                            





                                                Control the types of companies that can be added to this list.
                                            

Sector

 



Category

 



Industry

 



SIC Code

 



Add





Type
Criteria







Remove



























Add to List






Add to Existing List












Create a new list



Cancel
Save
















×
Sign In




Not a member? Register Now 




Username





Password











                                        Remember me
                                    


Forgot Password?

















×
Subscriber Not Found




Not a subscriber? Contact Buzzfile Now.



                        We could not locate a subscriber with that email or username.
                        Try signing in with a different username or email, or Telecom support at [email protected] or 212-913-9151.
                    




Username





Password





















Remove Company Confirmation



I confirm that I, , with email address  am an owner, employee or representative, with authorization to approve the removal of the profile for:




I authorize Buzzfile to release my contact and other pertinent information to the necessary parties should this removal be contested.
I am requesting to remove this company profile.


Dear , 
Your request to remove the company profile has been denied for:




You are only permitted to claim ownership and remove one company profile. You have previously claimed ownership and removed the profile for:




You can contact us at [email protected] with any questions.



Cancel


















About Us


Partnerships


Terms of Use


Privacy Policy


Remove Company


Contact Us







 
 






















 
 




        Copyright © 2017 Buzzfile Media LLC. All Rights Reserved.
    

            45 Broadway, Ste 1420, New York, NY 10006
        












×
Error








Close










Alert






Close



























 

Deadly Codes Productions Llc - Funding history, company info, news ...































Want to see more?Want to find out who got funded, and who’s funding the next big thing? in real time? all across the world? tailored to your specific areas of focus?100+ deals per dayGet access to the most exhaustive worldwide funding watch on the web!Comprehensive funding informationKnow about who invested in a company, which sites covered the event, the funding history, etc.Exclusive insightsView original analytics such as most dynamic industries, most active investors, and more!Stay aware!Get emailed when deals critical to your business happen. Filter by region, industry and topics of interest.As seen onHave a login?Sign inRegister now!It's free!Use your social accountOr fill in the quick form:Register nowpromise we won't spamSign invia your social account:via your existing WGF account:Remember meRegister, it's freeForgot your password?SIGN INForgot your password?Enter your e-mail and we will send you your new password.reset passwordThe world's largest funding base/companies/131533-deadly-codes-productions-llcsection=companies&subsection=detail&id=131533  




			Search deals by company name, industry, location, investors...			
			




SEARCH


Deadly Codes Productions LlcCompany DetailsGet alertedif Deadly Codes Productions Llc gets funded!Deadly Codes Productions LlcFunding history Key peopleCountry:State:City:United StatesMassachusettsBedfordIndustry:Other Funding history DateDeal sizeInvestors October 27th, 2014$825,000-View DealOctober 29th, 2013$825,000-View DealCreate alertManage your alerts in accountWant to know when Deadly Codes Productions Llc gets funded?Key peopleJoseph O'donnellExecutive OfficerLan TauberExecutive OfficerPlease note that all data is automatically extracted and errors can occur.The WhoGotFunded team has not necessarily reviewed the information in this page and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.Inaccurate Data? Help us improve WhoGotFunded: post a comment!