    Scott Deakin | Prairie Farms Dairy Inc | ZoomInfo.com










 





Scott Edward Deakin - Prescott, AZ | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Scott Edward Deakin in Prescott, AZ


Scott Edward Deakin

                                                                           Intelius found that Scott Edward Deakin  is  a male between 40 and 50 years old from Prescott, AZ.  We have connected them to
                10 addresses,
                10 phones,
                and 5 relatives or associates.
         






Get Report Now

Age

Scott Edward Deakin is in his 40s

Scott Has Lived In

Prescott, AZ
Scottsdale, AZ
Phoenix, AZ

Scott's Relatives

Cindy Deakin
Robert Deakin
Dennis Deakin
Janine Deakin







Scott Edward Deakin



Zodiac SignScorpio



GenderMale



Professional Status
Executive Assistant at St. Vincent Hospital and Health Care Center, Inc.



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Scott? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Scott, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Scott Edward Deakin
Get a Criminal Check on Scott Edward Deakin
Get a Public Record Report on Scott Edward Deakin
Get a People Search Report on Scott Edward Deakin


Scott Edward Deakin's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Scott Edward Deakin has lived as well as Scott Edward Deakin's phone numbers and email addresses.




Scott Edward Deakin Has Lived in 2 States
Arizona Address for Scott Edward Deakin


2077 S******* P**** T** 

Prescott, AZ


Has Lived In

Prescott, AZ
Scottsdale, AZ


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Scott Edward Deakin

(928) ***-**** - Prescott, AZ 
(602) ***-**** - Phoenix, AZ 
(602) ***-**** - Phoenix, AZ 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Scott Edward Deakin

s**********n@***.com
s*****n@***.net
s*******3@***.com


Get Email Report




Scott Edward Deakin's Professional Information
Information regarding Scott Edward Deakin's professional history.  Find out previous places Scott Edward Deakin has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Scott Edward Deakin Has Worked at 1 Place
Company: St. Vincent Hospital and Health Care Center, Inc.
               Title: Executive Assistant
Scott Edward Deakin's Experience
Title: Executive Assistant
               Company: St. Vincent Hospital and Health Care Center, Inc.
Job Details
               Company Size: $1 bil and above - Employee Range: 5,000 to less than 25,000
Additional Professional Information on Scott Edward Deakin

 See Scott Edward Deakin's LinkedIn Profile



Scott Edward Deakin's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Scott Edward Deakin


Scott Edward Deakin's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Scott Edward Deakin's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Scott Deakin
Username Matches

                  ScottDeakin
                  DeakinScott
                  Scott.Deakin
                  Deakin.Scott
                  Scott_Deakin
                  Deakin_Scott
                  Scott-Deakin
                  Deakin-Scott
                  SDeakin
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
S Deakin







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.















Deakin Conservation Project: Mission Nuestra Señora de la Soledad in the Spotlight | Santa Bárbara Mission Archive-Library















































































Santa Bárbara Mission Archive-Library


Helping to tell the stories of the Southwest





Skip to content

HomeAbout








← A Birthday Celebration
Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays! →


Deakin Conservation Project: Mission Nuestra Señora de la Soledad in the Spotlight

Posted on December 21, 2014 by miorozco  

Painting in regenerated frame. Photo by Virginia and Robert Guess. Cannot be reproduced without permission.
By Virginia and Robert Guess
Edwin Deakin (1838-1923) developed his artistic talents in depicting landscape and architecture scenes before he set out to paint the twenty-one Missions of Alta California. He completed three series in the late 1800s, two in oil and one in watercolor. In each painting, Deakin documented the structures remaining at the Mission by the end of the nineteenth century, and captured the landscape to reflect the mood of the time.
In 1955, one of the two series in oil was donated to the Franciscan Friars of the Province of Saint Barbara with the proviso the paintings remain on view at Old Mission Santa Barbara and that the set never be broken. In 2014, Dr. Monica Orozco, Director of Santa Bárbara Mission Archive-Library, initiated a conservation fund to preserve these paintings on display at the Archive-Library by seeking donors to sponsor a painting of their choice.
We chose to sponsor Deakin’s painting of Mission Nuestra Señora de la Soledad as he portrayed it in its ruined and abandoned state. This window into the past reminded us of the hardships of early mission life and of those who participated in the colonization of Alta California.
Mission Soledad endured numerous disasters. The original church built at the perimeter of a quadrangle was damaged three times by flooding of the Salinas River before being abandoned. In 1828, religious services were transferred to a small chapel at the opposite end of the quadrangle that was utilized until 1834 when the Mission was finally closed. In his painting, Deakin captured the ruins of this chapel and the adjacent convento. He most likely depended on earlier images and other artists’ renditions, using the remaining adobe walls of the Mission chapel as inspiration for his work.
With sponsorship came the opportunity to observe the conservation process, as well as to view the verso or back of the painting where Deakin added information to personalize his work. Fortunately, the painting had no cracking on the painted surface, and required only meticulous cleaning to reveal the original colors.
At Fine Art Conservation Lab (http://www.fineartconservationlab.com/) in Santa Barbara, owned by Scott M. Haskins, a team of expert conservators used up-to-date technology and materials to stabilize the painting. Conservation involved cleaning the surface of grey matter, mainly the soot and grime collected over the years and the old varnish yellowed through aging. After careful cleaning, the conservators applied new varnish using a product that will not yellow over time. Once stabilized, the painting was returned to its original frame that had been strengthened and the paint regenerated. The removal of dust layers and addition of a protective coating restored luster to the wooden frame. Conservation is expected to last for generations given the proper conditions of controlled lighting and minimal exposure to atmospheric pollutants that Mission Santa Bárbara Archive-Library provides.
This slideshow requires JavaScript.
On the verso of Nuestra Señora de la Soledad, Deakin signed his name, the date the Mission was established, “October 9, 1791,” and those Franciscan friars present at the founding: ”Lasuen” (Fray Fermín Francisco de Lasuén, Presidente of the Alta California Missions from 1786 to 1803); “Sitjar” (Fray Buenaventura Sitjar who was assigned to nearby Mission San Antonio de Padua at the time); and “Garcia” (Fray Diego García who directed Mission Soledad until 1797). The latter Franciscan friar is not to be confused with the first bishop of the California missions, Bishop Francisco García Diego y Moreno (1785-1846).
In addition, Deakin included on the verso what is purported to be a Deakin “coat of arms” above his signature. Little is known about this heraldic symbol other than some art historians suggest that Deakin, born in England in 1838, had a penchant for English aristocracy and invented his own “coat of arms” or “family crest” that he often drew on the back of many of his paintings.
This slideshow requires JavaScript.
Today, Mission Nuestra Señora de la Soledad appears quite different from his painting. In 1955, restoration of the chapel was completed under the auspices of the Native Daughters of the Golden West using only one front corner of the adobe wall seen in Deakin’s painting. The attached convento, reconstructed in 1963, now serves as a museum. Only a few foundation stones and floor tiles remain at the site of the original church. Although Nuestra Señora de la Soledad is one of the more remote and least visited of the California Missions, it represents the difficulties the Franciscan friars faced in establishing mission communities, and then their rapid deterioration following secularization.
[Editor’s note: Fine Arts Conservation Laboratories has generously offered free access to their e-book, Save Your Stuff: Collection Care Tips. The e-book is available at http://www.collectioncaretips.com/ ]
Share this:TwitterFacebookLike this:Like Loading...

Related
 

												This entry was posted in Uncategorized and tagged Art Conservation, Edwin Deakin, Fine Art Conservation Laboratories, Mission Nuestra Señora de la Soledad, oil paintings of California Mission paintings, Santa Bárbara Mission Archive-Library, Scott Haskins. Bookmark the permalink.											


← A Birthday Celebration
Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays! →



Leave a Reply Cancel reply 



Enter your comment here...




Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in:





























 
 


Email (required) (Address never made public)



Name (required)



Website














 You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change )












 You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change )












 You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change )












 You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change )




Cancel
Connecting to %s




 Notify me of new comments via email.
 



 








Follow Santa Bárbara Mission Archive-Library on WordPress.com



Search for:



  Recent Posts 

St. Joseph Painting Restoration


Close-up of the (Art) Collection


Norman Neuerburg


Sketches of an Artist, J. Franklin Waldo


Digital Incunabula  or, Br. Jeff loves Alliteration


 Archives 
July 2017
April 2017
December 2016
September 2016
March 2016
July 2015
June 2015
May 2015
March 2015
January 2015
December 2014
November 2014
October 2014
September 2014
July 2014
June 2014
May 2014
April 2014
March 2014
February 2014
January 2014
December 2013
June 2013

Meta 
Register Log in
Entries RSS
Comments RSS
WordPress.com 
Categories 
Archaeology

Archives

Art

Collections

Digital

events

exhibits

Preservation Projects

Uncategorized


Archives, California Missions, Exhibits, Preservation ProjectsArchaeology Archives Art Collections Digital events exhibits Preservation Projects Uncategorized Blogs I FollowThree Girls ReadLent MadnessRoberta Mazzasbthp.wordpress.com/California State ParksLos Angeles State Historic ParkFollow Blog via Email

Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email.
Join 15 other followers







 


 



Find SBMAL on Facebook! 

Find SBMAL on Facebook!

 






					Santa Bárbara Mission Archive-Library				


Blog at WordPress.com.





Three Girls ReadA blog hosted by three sisters who like reading about interesting girls.Lent MadnessYou decide who wins the Golden HaloRoberta MazzaFaces & Voices: People, Artefacts, Ancient Historysbthp.wordpress.com/Up-to-date news, notes, and behind the scenes at SBTHPCalifornia State ParksLos Angeles State Historic ParkA day in the park...










Post to



Cancel







 














 
%d bloggers like this:
















































































































































Scott M. Deakin - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Scott M. Deakin
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer at Lydall, Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Scott M. Deakin? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Scott M. Deakin's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Scott M. Deakin's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Scott M. Deakin's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Scott M. Deakin through your network of contacts.
												








Scott M. Deakin's Executive Work History


Current


Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, 
Lydall, Inc.


Past
To view Scott M. Deakin's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
50

 
 


Scott M. Deakin's Biography




			Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (September 8, 2015); Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Ensign-Bickford Industries, Inc. (2009 - 2015), a diversified global manufacturer with operating segments that serve the aerospace & defense, life science, specialty chemicals and food & flavoring industries.
		
Source: Lydall, Inc. on 02/22/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Scott M. Deakin's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Scott M. Deakin. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Scott M. Deakin's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Scott M. Deakin's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Scott M. Deakin through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Scott M. Deakin


















Scott M. Deakin's Connections (42)





Sign up now to view Scott M. Deakin's 42 connections »









Patrick J. Dempsey
Dir., President and Chief Executive Officer, Barnes Group Inc.









Thomas J. Albani
Former Board Member, Barnes Group Inc.









Mylle H. Mangum
Board Member, Barnes Group Inc.









Christopher J. Stephens
Senior Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer, Barnes Group Inc.









John W. Alden
Board Member, Silgan Holdings Inc.









Hassell H. McClellan
Board Member, Barnes Group Inc.









Dawn N. Edwards
Senior Vice President, Human Resources, Barnes Group Inc.









Gary G. Benanav
Board Member, Barnes Group Inc.









Edmund M. Carpenter
Board Member, Altra Industrial Motion Corp.









William J. Morgan
Board Member, Barnes Group Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Michael C. Montgomery
Board Member, NMI Holdings, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

ï¿½ 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993















Scott M. Deakin: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 7:27 AM ET
Machinery

Company Overview of Lydall, Inc.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Scott M. Deakin  Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President, Lydall, Inc.AgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 0 Board Members in 0 different organizations across 4 different industries.51$1,202,344As of Fiscal Year 2016
Background

		Mr. Scott M. Deakin has been Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President of Lydall, Inc. since September 8, 2015. Mr. Deakin served as the Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President of Ensign-Bickford Industries, Inc. He joined Ensign-Bickford in November, 2009 with more than 20 years of experience in key executive and consulting positions in operations, finance and strategy/M&A. Mr. Deakin served as Senior Vice President of Corporate Development at ... Barnes Group, Inc. since May 29, 2007 and served as its Vice President until May 29, 2007. Prior to Ensign-Bickford, Mr. Deakin served as a Strategy and Operations Consultant and Held financial leadership and General Manager roles with leading diversified companies, including Eaton Corporation and Barnes Group Inc. Mr. Deakin served as General Manager of the Power Products Division, a leading global supplier of hydraulic pumps and motors. Prior to joining Ensign-Bickford, he held positions of increasing responsibility within Eaton Corporation. While with Eaton, Mr. Deakin led corporate development initiatives, where he completed more than 20 transactions totaling in excess of $5 billion. He also served as Operation Chief Financial Officer for the Hydraulics Group and global P&L leader for the Power Products Division. He has significant financial, operational and strategy experience in highly complex, global manufacturing businesses and a proven ability to drive profitable growth. He is an outstanding leader who provides the right balance of financial discipline, operational rigor and business strategy. Mr. Deakin serves on the Board of the Hartford Symphony Orchestra and serves as a Trustee of the Bushnell Center for the Performing Arts. Mr. Deakin served as a Director of Eaton Fluid Power Limited. Mr. Deakin has an MBA from Carnegie Mellon University and a BS degree in Business Administration from Bowling Green State University.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
One Colonial RoadManchester, Connecticut 06042United StatesPhone: 860-646-1233Fax: 860-646-4917
Board Members Memberships
				There is no Board Members Memberships data available.
				Education
MBA Carnegie Mellon UniversityBSBA Bowling Green State University
Other Affiliations
Barnes Group Inc.Ensign-Bickford Industries, Inc.Carnegie Mellon UniversityBowling Green State UniversityEaton Fluid Power Limited


Annual Compensation
Salary$403,892Total Annual Compensation$403,892
Stocks Options
Restricted Stock Awards$450,042All Other Compensation$46,910Exercisable Options$3,275Unexercisable Options$9,825Total Number of Options$13,100
Total Compensation
Total Annual Cash Compensation$752,302Total Short Term Compensation$403,892Other Long Term Compensation$496,952Total Calculated Compensation$1,202,344




Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONNamePosition/CompanyCompensationJay D. Gould Chief Executive Officer, President and DirectorInterface, Inc.$800.0KKevin Duane Hall Chief Executive Officer & DirectorUnifi, Inc.--Randall S. Dearth Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and PresidentCalgon Carbon Corporation$658.8KFranklin N. Saxon Chief Executive Officer, President and DirectorCulp, Inc.$404.8KVictor L. Richey Jr.Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and PresidentESCO Technologies Inc.$824.5KCompensation as of Fiscal Year 2016.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Lydall, Inc., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Lydall Inc. | Management Team



































Lydall Corporate





Other Lydall Websites

Performance Materials
Technical Nonwovens
Thermal / Acoustical - Metals
Thermal / Acoustical - Fibers









Specialty Engineered Products& Materials















Company




About UsManagement TeamBoard of DirectorsLocationsContact UsConflict Minerals






Business Segments




Performance MaterialsTechnical NonwovensThermal / Acoustical MetalsThermal / Acoustical Fibers






Investor Relations





Careers




OverviewMission, Vision & Core ValuesSocial ResponsibilityCareer OpportunitiesLydall Your New Beginning






News





Other Information










Home
COMPANY
BUSINESS SEGMENTS
INVESTOR RELATIONS
CAREERS
NEWS
OTHER INFORMATION











 







Management Team 







Company
About UsManagement TeamBoard of DirectorsLocationsContact UsConflict Minerals






Dale G. BarnhartPresident and Chief Executive Officer 

Dale G. Barnhart has been President and Chief Executive Officer since August 27, 2007. Prior to joining Lydall, Mr. Barnhart was the Chief Executive Officer of Synventive Molding Solutions from March 2005 to August 2007. Synventive is a provider of hot runner systems, machine nozzles, temperature controllers and sprue bushings for the injection molding industry. Previous to Synventive Molding Solutions, Mr. Barnhart was a consultant working with two private equity groups. From 2000 to 2003, he was President of Invensys Climate Control, a $1.2 billion global business unit providing products and services to the heating, ventilating and air conditioning and commercial refrigeration markets. Mr. Barnhart became a Director in October 2007. 
Scott M. DeakinExecutive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Scott Deakin serves as the Company's Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, leading the Company's global finance, internal audit, information technology and strategic sourcing organizations. Prior to joining Lydall in September 2015, Mr. Deakin was the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Ensign-Bickford Industries, Inc., a diversified global manufacturer with operating segments that serve the aerospace & defense, life sciences, specialty chemicals and food & flavoring industries.  Before Ensign-Bickford, Mr. Deakin served as a strategy and operations consultant and held financial and general management leadership roles with diversified companies, including Eaton Corporation and Barnes Group Inc.  In his last role at Eaton, Mr. Deakin served as the General Manager of the Power Products Division, a leading global supplier of hydraulic pumps and motors. 
As a civic leader, Mr. Deakin serves as a Trustee for the Bushnell Center for the Performing Arts.  Mr. Deakin holds an MBA from Carnegie Mellon University and an undergraduate degree in business administration from Bowling Green State University. 
Chad A. McDanielSenior Vice President, General Counsel and Chief Administrative Officer 

Chad McDaniel serves as the Company's Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Chief Administration Officer, leading the Company's global Legal, Human Resources and Environmental, Health & Safety organizations. Prior to joining Lydall's management team in the first half of 2013, Mr. McDaniel was Associate General Counsel of Sikorsky Aircraft Corporation, a division of United Technologies Corporation (UTC). UTC is a manufacturer of high-technology products and services for the global aerospace and building systems industries. During his tenure with UTC, Mr. McDaniel also held the positions of Director; Executive Assistant to the President at UTC's Fire and Security division from 2010 to 2012, and Assistant Counsel at UTC's Pratt & Whitney division from 2007 to 2010. He began his legal career in private practice, spending five years as a corporate associate focused on mergers and acquisitions, corporate finance, corporate governance, and private equity financing/fund formation. 
David D. GlennVice President, Corporate Development & Investor Relations 

David Glenn has been Vice President, Corporate Development & Investor Relations since 2014.  Prior to 2014, Mr. Glenn held the role of Director Corporate Development & Investor Relations.  Before joining Lydall in 2010, Mr. Glenn was previously employed by United Technologies Corporation (UTC), a manufacturer of high-technology products and services for the global aerospace and building systems industries. Throughout his tenure at UTC, which dates back to 2001, Mr. Glenn held various positions of increasing responsibility in finance, accounting, treasury, and merger and acquisitions. 
Mr. Glenn holds an M.B.A. from Carnegie Mellon University, and earned a B.A. in Corporate Finance from the University of Massachusetts. 
James V. LaughlanVice President, Chief Accounting Officer & Treasurer 

James Laughlan has been Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer & Treasurer since March 26, 2013. Prior to this date, Mr. Laughlan held the role of Corporate Controller at Lydall since 2005. Before joining Lydall in 2005, Mr. Laughlan was Controller for the Top-Flite Golf Company – a subsidiary of Callaway Golf Company, a manufacturer of golf equipment; and a Controller at Moore Medical Corporation, a distributor of medical, surgical and pharmaceutical products. Prior to Moore Medical, Mr. Laughlan spent eight years at Deloitte & Touche in Hartford, Connecticut, as a manager of audit related services. 
Kerry Tehan Vice President, Human Resources 

Kerry Tehan serves as the Company's Vice President, Human Resources, leading the Company's global human resource, benefits and compensation teams.  Prior to joining Lydall in January 2016, Ms. Tehan was the Vice President, Human Resources for Medtronic, a global healthcare products company (NYSE: MDT).  In this capacity, Ms. Tehan supported manufacturing operations for over 20,000 employees in 42 plants, worldwide.  Her focus included the delivery of comprehensive succession planning, performance management, competency assessment and development planning.
Ms. Tehan holds a B.S. in Business Administration from Worcester State College, and a Master's Degree in Human Resource Management from Framingham State College. 

 








Company
Business Segments
Investor Relations
Careers
News
 



Company


About Us
Management Team
Board of Directors
Locations
Contact Us
Other Information
 



Business Segments


Performance Materials
Technical Nonwovens - Industrial Filtration
Technical Nonwovens - Texel
Thermal/Acoustical - Metals
Thermal/Acoustical - Fibers
 



Investor Relations





Careers





News





Specialty Engineered Products& Materials


Login

2017 ©Lydall, Inc. All rights reserved
Privacy Policy  Terms of Use







Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Scott Deakin, Lydall Inc: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  

























Feedback





Scott Deakin

Exec VP/CFO,
Lydall Inc






Career History




Exec VP/CFO
Lydall Inc, 9/2015-PRESENT


Exec VP/CFO
Ensign-Bickford Industries Inc, UNKNOWN-9/2015


Gen Mgr:Power Products
Eaton Corp, 2004-2007


Dir:Finance & Planning
Eaton Corp, 2001-2004


Senior VP:Corporate Development
Barnes Group Inc, 5/2007-UNKNOWN


Show More









Website:
www.lydall.com






Corporate Information
Address:

1 Colonial Road
Manchester, CT 06042
United States


Phone:
1-860-646-1233


Fax:
1-860-646-4917


Web url:
www.lydall.com











From The Web












Personal Information



Education



Carnegie Mellon University
MBA


Bowling Green State University
Bachelor's Degree, Business Administration








Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data

































CMO50 #16: Trisca Scott-Branagan, Deakin University - CMO50, CMO role, data-driven marketing, marketing careers, marketing strategy - CMO 50- CMO Australia












































CMO






















2017 Nominations now open
Nominate now



16

		CMO50 #16: Trisca Scott-Branagan, Deakin University
	





Name Trisca Scott-Branagan
Title Executive director, marketing
Company Deakin University
Commenced role December 2014
Reporting Line Deputy vice-chancellor, global engagement
Member of the Executive Team No
Marketing Function 56 staff, 6 direct reports 
Twitter @triscasb


Related


10 tips for achieving CMO-CIO alignment


Enabling the right business structure for digital transformation




Brand Post

Digital Foundations Essential for Optimal Customer Engagement 




The proposed deregulation of Australia’s university sector, allowing public universities to potentially set their own fees for undergraduates, was one of the biggest stories for Australian media over the past year. It’s also been an impetus for change right across these institutions, and not least, for their marketing functions.Faced with the demands of the next generation of digital natives for omni-channel learning and experiences, as well as the need to sharpen up their approach to student acquisition, retention and advocacy, marketers in the university sector have had a renewed emphasis on keeping their brands fresh and relevant.While the bill has not been passed by the Australian Senate, any deregulatory moves will increase the commercial dependence on brand, and reduce the reliance upon Australian Tertiary Admittance Rank (ATAR) scores as the key quantifier of value, Deakin University’s executive director of marketing, Trisca Scott-Branagan says.Empowered and long-term thinking “As the university endeavours to meet the needs of connected students, marketing’s role to reach, understand, engage and form relationships has propelled marketing from a services-based cost centre into a revenue generating strategic advisor,” she says.“As the internal voice of the customer, marketing is the ‘customer evangelist’ – initiating, enabling, and driving market-oriented decisions beyond the scope of traditional marketing responsibilities.”As a result, Deakin’s marketing team is focused on maximising ROI through real-time, dynamic, relevant and personalised communication, Scott-Branagan says.“Digital and data analysis are key enablers for achieving a more one-to-one, as opposed to one-to-many, relationship with students,” she says.Top marketing attributesScott-Branagan sees the role of the CMO as empowering people to reach their full potential.“It’s about being empathetic towards the customers you serve; and curiosity about the markets you operate in,” she says. “The CMO must also be an authentic story teller who enables collaboration towards a common cause, has persistency and adaptability in the face of change and disruption, and a commitment to performance.“Marketing’s success will be a direct correlation of the CMO’s ability to communicate with clarity, rationalise and lead across all levels.”Innovation Marketers also play a major role in innovation. For Scott-Branagan, innovation is not always about doing something completely new.“It’s a mindset - one that is open to looking at things differently, enabling both small and big step-changes, with a willingness to fail fast and fail forward,” she says.From the CMO50 submissionBusiness contribution and innovation For much of the past year, the market had been waiting to discover whether the deregulation bill would pass and what it will dictate. Decisions at Deakin University therefore had to be made, strategies and models built, operations adjusted, and marketing communication scenarios ready to go by March 2015.In her CMO50 submission, Scott-Branagan detailed her work as part of Deakin’s ‘Pricing Task Force’, a select group of executives that used scenario planning to develop alternate pricing models. Her role throughout the process included brand, audience and marketing advice and leadership to ensure that whatever changes were made, these were in line with student expectations and perceptions.To do this, she undertook and brought to the discussion insights from marketing-led research to answer questions about brand perceptions and positioning, as well as student perceptions around university tuition.At the same time, Scott-Branagan said she took the opportunity to leverage pending change to redefine Deakin’s positioning in the market.Strategic aims of the CMOScott-Branagan’s priority list for the next 1-2 years includes establishing the team marketing team as strategic advisors, not just service providers, to the organisation. She’s also striving to balance long-term strategic goals for the brand with short-term, economic success based on revenue and profit.“It’s about injecting fearlessness, experimentation, agility, and belief to fail fast and iterate in teams,” she said in her CMO50 submission.“We also need to determine relevant data, extract insights faster, and develop agile and responsive marketing processes. This is about changing the mindset from campaign-driven plans, to agile, iterative, adaptive feedback loops, where speed to market will drive competitive advantage.”Creativity Since the beginning of 2015, Scott-Branagan has sought to embrace the changing landscape in higher education for the better through her New Reality Marketing approach. In her CMO50 submission, she described her strategy as:Focusing on the student: Understand them and how to engage in a meaningful, authentic and real-time way. Engaging the student: Using always-on marketing activity across multiple platforms and the entire decision-making journey for more sustained engagement.Embracing new thinking: Development and delivery of a homogenous product offering in a sector that’s being challenged by deregulation, disruption and fierce competition.One creative initiative launched to improve engagement with current and prospective students was Virtual Reality campus tours during Student Open Day. The marketing team created a virtual reality space that incorporated drone-based projections on all surfaces. The result was an amazing experience that emulated the sensation of flying through each campus, Scott-Branagan said.Another recent project has been Deakin’s first online content hub, entitled ‘this’, which aims to challenge and positively influence perceptions of the university across prospective students and their networks.In developing the hub, Deakin conducted in-depth research into branded content best practice from brands outside higher education to ensure the most immersive, engaging and rewarding experience possible.“The end result is a first for the category here in Australia and a critical asset in Deakin’s quest to take consideration and engagement levels to unparalleled heights,” Scott-Branagan said in her CMO50 submission.



Share this article






























15
David Robinson




17
Jane Merrick




Recommended



IAG nabs News Corp innovation head as chief digital officer



CMO Momentum 2017: Why Suncorp's Mark Reinke sees platform-based business as the ...



CMO Momentum 2017: Airbnb reveals how to build a purpose-led superbrand



CMO Momentum 2017: In pictures



In pictures: CMO/SAS roundtable on blazing a trail in analytical marketing



Executive Connections: Vision Critical's APAC chief on customer experience leadership




 
 










































