






































































Home


 
Cemetery Wine now available from A-Argus/W & B Publishers, on-line, or at a bookstore near you.
A farmhouse in New Hampshire that had been on the Underground Railroad. An African-American scholar searching for his grandmother’s history. A body found on the grave of a man who had been the town’s minister during the Civil War. As retired English professor Susan Warner tracks down the motive, she discovers a secret that uncovers the sins of the past and that connects the victim and the murderer.
In Tour de Trace, the tenacious Susan confronted the fraught history of Mississippi’s Natchez Trace. In Death of the Keynote Speaker, set on New Hampshire’s Star Island, she unraveled how Celia Thaxter’s nineteenth-century literary salon and a brutal murder on Smuttynose Island led to a twenty-first century murder. In Cemetery Wine, Susan once again finds herself a reluctant sleuth as she tries to solve a murder in a town she calls home.
Buy now at https://www.amazon.com/Cemetery-Wine-Sharon-L-Dean/dp/1635540070/ref=sr_1_1?s=books&ie=UTF8&qid=1478















Post to



Cancel







 







 










































































































































Contact | 

































































Contact


Contact Sharon Dean at drsdean@gmail.com














 










































































































































Professional Background | 

































































Professional Background


BA, MA, PhD University of New Hampshire
Professor Emerita, Rivier University, Nashua, New Hampshire
New Hampshire Humanities Council Board of Directors, 1996-2003.
Participation in numerous programs, including Literature and Medicine discussion leader at area hospitals, ongoing; Reading and Writing Memoirs, Hunt Retirement Community, Nashua, NH, 1995, 1996; A Thoreau Excursion. Concord, N.H. to Concord, MA., 1989; Granite State Stories, 2006, 2007; Different People, Different Places: Native Americans, Europeans, and the Environments They Created; and ongoing discussion leader What Is New Hampshire Reading This Month?
Editorial Board, Legacy, 1987-2012
Editorial Board, Joyce Carol Oates Journal, 2014-
President, Constance Fenimore Woolson Society, 2000-2002.
Articles published since 2000 
Introduction to Constance Fenimore Woolson, Heath Anthology of American Literature 3rd & 4th editions, 1998, 2002.
“Constance Fenimore Woolson’s Unpublished Letters to Dr. William Wilberforce Baldwin.” Resources for American Literary Studies, 31 (2007), 125-153.
“History and Representation in Joyce Carol Oates’s The Falls,” Studies in the Novel. 38:4 (2006), 525-42.
“Edith Wharton’s Early Artist Stories and Constance Fenimore Woolson,” in Constance Fenimore Woolson’s Nineteenth Century. Wayne State University Press, 2001.
“Constance Fenimore Woolson,” Dictionary of Literary Biography/American Women Prose Writers, 1870-1920, 2000.
“Literature and Composition Theory: Joyce Carol Oates’s Journal Stories.” Rhetoric Review 10 (1992), 311-32; rpt. Gale, 2004, 2006.
Conference presentations since 2000
“The Future of Woolson Studies,” Constance Fenimore Woolson Conference, Manchester, N.H. 2011.
“Passing Over Barnaby Pass,” Constance Fenimore Woolson Conference, Morgantown, WV 2009.
“Constance Woolson’s Letters from the South,” Constance Fenimore Woolson Conference, Savannah, Georgia, February 2007.
“Nineteenth-Century Magazines and the Cultivation of Literary Gardens,” Society for the Study of American Women Writers Conference, Philadelphia, November 2006.
“Woolson’s Letters to Dr. William Wilberforce Baldwin,” American Literature Association Conference, San Francisco, May 2006.
“The Admired Aunt: Constance Woolson and Susan Fenimore Cooper,” Constance Fenimore Woolson Conference, Renssellaerville, NY, 2004.
“Publishing Woolson,” Roundtable, American Literature Association Conference, Cambridge, May 2003.
“An Update on the Woolson Archives.” Constance Fenimore Woolson Conference, Asheville, NC, October 2002.
“In Search of the Techno-Garden,” American Literature Association Conference, Cambridge, May 2001.
“Back to the Future: Woolson’s The Old Stone House,” Constance Fenimore Woolson Conference, Cleveland, October 2000.
“Edith Wharton and American Summer Resorts,” Edith Wharton Conference, Newport, R.I., June 2000.
Conference presentations since 2000
“The Future of Woolson Studies,” Constance Fenimore Woolson Conference, Manchester, N.H. 2011.
“Passing Over Barnaby Pass,” Constance Fenimore Woolson Conference, Morgantown, WV 2009.
“Constance Woolson’s Letters from the South,” Constance Fenimore Woolson Conference, Savannah, Georgia, February 2007.
“Nineteenth-Century Magazines and the Cultivation of Literary Gardens,” Society for the Study of American Women Writers Conference, Philadelphia, November 2006.
“Woolson’s Letters to Dr. William Wilberforce Baldwin,” American Literature Association Conference, San Francisco, May 2006.
“The Admired Aunt: Constance Woolson and Susan Fenimore Cooper,” Constance Fenimore Woolson Conference, Renssellaerville, NY, 2004.
“Publishing Woolson,” Roundtable, American Literature Association Conference, Cambridge, May 2003.
“An Update on the Woolson Archives.” Constance Fenimore Woolson Conference, Asheville, NC, October 2002.
“In Search of the Techno-Garden,” American Literature Association Conference, Cambridge, May 2001.
“Back to the Future: Woolson’s The Old Stone House,” Constance Fenimore Woolson Conference, Cleveland, October 2000.
“Edith Wharton and American Summer Resorts,” Edith Wharton Conference, Newport, R.I., June 2000.














 










































































































































Stories | 

































































Stories


“Lilies,” Danse Macabre, August 2016
Hurricane Lily pummels the Maine coast, its wind penetrating through the drawn curtains into the musty air of Blenda’s parlor. She sits alone in the dim light, her large figure framed by a Victorian chair. An easel beside her holds a blank canvas, a set of brushes, and tubes of paint. She is talking to a woman who could be her if she were standing. The woman is Swedish with reddish hair drawn severely back. A white bow matches her size but is too youthful for her mature face. It looks like the wings of a bird. A high neck dress cascades over the woman’s large breasts, pauses at the cinched waist, then balloons to the shoes that peek beneath it. She looks as hard as the Victorian chair.
“It’s worse than eighty years ago. Hurricane of ’38,” says Blenda, her voice as musty as the air. “You remember that one. We lost the pine tree. Lost more than that.”
The woman stays silent, immobile. A narrow mahogany table curves upward to her waist. It holds a vase filled with lilies. Next to Blenda on an identical mahogany table lilies rescued before the hurricane hit are coated with salt.
 
Read more at http://www.dansemacabremagazine.com/#!deux-contes-deux/c18t1
 
“Pavlov’s Puppies,” Toasted-Cheese, June 2016.
Miss Ellen Stockwell was one of our own, the smartest kid who ever went through Deerborn Elementary School, my father used to tell me. Those days we had only an elementary school and when Ellen graduated from high school the next town over, people weren’t surprised that she disappeared. She left permanently, they thought, to work and study with “foreign intellectu’ls.” But roots run deep in New Hampshire’s north country, and a few years later, Ellen returned from a rumored apprenticeship at the Pavlov Institute. She appeared one day at the bus station, suitcase in one hand, a small girl-child in the other.
No one knew where the girl-child came from, but she had the curliest, reddest hair this side of Concord. Even Ellen’s widowed father must not have known, for he alone among the Stockwells had been a talking man. People speculated about an abandoned lover or a patient at the Pavlov Institute who had fathered the child before he lapsed into permanent schizophrenia. Deerborn is not a prying town, so no one asked even a year later, when the child and Ellen’s father both died of the same unexplained malady of the nervous system.
Read more at http://tclj.toasted-cheese.com/2016/16-2/pavlovs-puppies-by-sharon-l-dean/
“The New Alice and Jerry and Jip,” Pilcrow & Dagger, April 2016. Available on-line and in print.
Alice woke to the voice announcing NPR’s Morning Edition. She dozed in and out of the latest updates about toppled governments and fledging democracies in the Mideast, the eternal battles between Republicans and Democrats, the latest scandal in the sports world, the local news. As every morning, she knew she should wake up to classical music so she could start her day with peace not a sword.
Today the local news shocked her awake. “This just in from the tiny town of Emory where police report the grisly murder of Robert and Barbara Martin.” She sat up and shook Jerry, who was still snoring beside her.
Read more at  https://www.amazon.ca/Pilcrow-Dagger-April-2016-Issue/dp/1530850851 or http://www.pilcrowdagger.com/issues/
“Neon,” available online at Literally Stories, June 2015.
“Name?” the receptionist asks.
“Conrad West.” I study her face. No blink of recognition. I sign the waiver and give her the phone number of my wife, who will pick me up.
I look around the waiting area, deciding where to sit, and choose one of the sofas that face each other. Between them, a curved coffee table holds neatly stacked magazines. From here, I can look through window-walls that join in a 90 degree angle. The view is spectacular. In the distance, the Cascades, green from the spring snowmelt, rise against a blue, blue sky. Soon they will purple over with vetch and when they burn in the summer heat, we’ll call them golden. Below the hills, I watch cars moving along I-5. Picturesque, but closer I would feel the treachery. The noise, the smell, the speed of trucks that carry food, fuel, lumber into thirsty California.
Read more at http://literallystories2014.com/














 










































































































































Books | 




































































Books


Death of the Keynote Speaker http://www.a-argusbooks.com/
When Susan Warner plans a conference on the writer Abigail Brewster, New England’s Isles of Shoals seem the perfect setting. Members of the Abigail Brewster Society will stay in Star Island’s historic Oceanic Hotel. They’ll visit Appledore Island, where Abigail summered at Celia Thaxter’s nineteenth-century salon for writers and artists, and Smuttynose Island, the scene of a notorious 1873 murder.
But Susan hasn’t counted on a twenty-first century killer or a killer storm.
Death of the Keynote Speaker blends a fictional Abigail Brewster with the actual histories of Star, Appledore, and Smuttynose islands. Susan needs to piece together the connections between the past and the present as she searches for a murderer while trapped with her group in a creaky hotel with no locks on the doors.
Praise for Death of the Keynote Speaker
If a violent storm outside the old hotel on this rugged, historic island aren’t enough to get your pulse pounding, the strange thoughts and actions of island denizens and conference goers will! Many have an axe to grind, so to speak. But only one applies the blade to a living person. Fast-paced and filled with New England island lore and literary references, “Death” would be a good read in any setting.
Carole T. Beers, author Saddle Tramps
In her second Susan Warner mystery, Sharon Dean challenges the reader to solve an intriguing puzzle involving the biography of fictional nineteenth century author Abigail Brewster in addition to the murder of one of the scholars attending a conference devoted to Abigail Brewster studies. A retired literature professor, Dean is at her best here parsing academic riddles, romances and rival interpretations of Ms. Brewster’s life and work—especially that part touching on her stay at an island resort off the New Hampshire coast called the Isles of Shoals where a lurid ax murder took the lives of three of Abigail’s friends shortly after her last stay there. A modern murder that eerily evokes the famous triple homicide of Abigail’s day takes place as those same islands, site of an academic conference, are gripped by a fierce storm and help from the mainland is impossible. Susan is there to sleuth out the solution to the crime while trying not to get killed herself. Very entertaining read!
M.J. Daspit, author Lucy Lied

 Tour  de Trace, A-Argus Books, 2014.
The younger cyclists who signed up for camping and biking along Mississippi’s Natchez Trace may think of Susan Warner as old. But she is no Miss Marple or Jessica Fletcher. Retired from teaching, she sports a lavender streak in her silver hair and though she has the slowest mph, she can cover the distance. But when she steps out of her tent the first morning, only ten of her fellow cyclists appear. The eleventh has left a note saying that she will return later.
Later never happens. Instead, the riders discover the cyclist’s body stretched crucifixion-style on an ancient Indian mound.
With each turn of her bicycle wheel, Susan searches for the killer. Is it an ex-husband? The owner of a decrepit bed and breakfast? A snake handler? Or is it one of the cyclists? Her ride along the Natchez Trace pits New Englander Susan against an unfamiliar landscape and a murderer.
Praise for Tour de Trace
Sharon Dean has brought a new amateur sleuth to the crime genre. And she’s a delight. . . Susan Warner is a feisty newcomer to the ranks of amateur sleuthing, and I look forward to further adventures.
Clive Rosengren, author Red Desert
Sharon Dean deftly brings to life a group of diverse, lively, and sometimes sinister characters. . . . Susan Warner’s energy and strength, both cerebral and physical, make her a heroine I hope to see more of in future adventures.
Judith Stanford, ed. Responding to Literature
Tour de Trace includes lots of interesting history, and dozens of literary allusions from the author, a former Professor of Literature. Add to that wonderful descriptions of Mississippi flora and fauna, and the nitty-gritty details of long-range cycling, and you have a fine debut novel from Sharon Dean.
Alan Thompson, author Lucifer’s Promise
Editor, The Complete Letters of Constance Fenimore Woolson. University Press of Florida, 2012.
Sharon Dean has recompiled, dated, and, in many cases, physically reassembled all of Woolson’s extant correspondence from nearly forty sources. Dean’s painstaking work presents the fullest picture we have of Woolson and functions as an important corrective to the fictional portrayals. In these letters one finds rich personal detail alongside ruminations on contemporary political and social conditions. A trenchant critic of the customs and mores of her age, Woolson, in her letters, offers a nuanced perspective on life as a woman and as a writer in the nineteenth century.
Praise for The Complete Letters
Dean . . . , a seasoned scholar of Woolson’s life and works, brings to this ambitious project her wealth of knowledge about the author. . . . Editing a collection of letters is not easy task, but Dean has done a meticulous job, producing a volume that is user-friendly and offers an abundance of social and historic context. . . . This rich volume also features an eloquent introduction and a chronology that documents notable events in Woolson’s life. A superb resource.
D. D. Knight, SUNY College at Cortland
Choice, January 2013
 Scholars of Constance Fenimore Woolson owe Sharon Dean a great debt, as do scholars of Henry James, considering that Woolson was one of his closest friends. Dean has single-handedly advanced immeasurably the study of this remarkable author, whose works are exposed to ever sharper, more complex modes of analysis, but whose life has remained shadowy at best.
. . .
Dean has performed the difficult feat of making the letters accessible to students and lay readers as well as useful to scholars. It is an immense achievement that will spark new readings of Woolson’s life and works as well as her relationship with James. Dean, now Professor Emerita from Rivier College, has left a lasting legacy that will enrich Woolson scholarship for many years to come.
Anne Boyd Rioux, University of New Orleans
Henry James Review, 2014 
            Meticulously edited and contextualized, Dean’s edition of Woolson’s complete letters opens the door to an extraordinarily gifted writer’s works. It offers depth to Woolson studies, but it also connects Woolson to the nineteenth-century literary marketplace in new and fascinating ways.
Sharon M. Harris, University of Connecticut
            Peopled by the famous, the infamous, and the unknown, the letters sparkle with intelligence and energy, providing insight into contemporary attitudes that Woolson sometimes shared, sometimes satirized, and sometimes defied, while they reveal an ample sensibility that anticipates today’s concerns for the environment, regional and national identity, and global citizenship.
Karen Kilcup, author of Robert Frost and Feminine Literary Tradition
            Ultimately, these letters reveal the broad scope of a well-traveled life and the depth of an intensely observant artist. Every reader interested in the lives of nineteenth-century authors or women should savor every one of this extraordinary writer’s letters.
Anne Boyd Rioux, president, Constance Fenimore Woolson Society
            Scholars interested in Constance Fenimore Woolson and nineteenth-century American women’s writing more broadly owe a debt of gratitude to Sharon L. Dean for her meticulous edition of Woolson’s letters.
. . .
The University Press of Florida deserves praise for undertaking the publication of Dean’s edition . . . . The letters fill a single volume, but an unusually long one for a university press.
Melissa J. Homestead, University of Nebraska-Lincoln
Legacy (30:2): 2013

Editor with Victoria Brehm, Constance Fenimore Woolson: Selected Stories and Travel Narratives. Knoxville: University of Tennessee Press, 2004.
This volume, as the first anthology to collect representative samples of [Woolson’s] stories, travel sketches, poems, and correspondence, represents a major advance toward re-establishing her place in nineteenth-century literature and letters. As these pieces demonstrate, Woolson offered keen observations of the issues she card most deeply about, namely the cultural and political transformation of the United States in the wake of the Civil War, the status of women writers and artists in the nineteenth century, and the growing implications of nationalism and imperialism.
. . .
This collection features selections fro each of the three distinct periods of Woolson’s career and includes a chronology of her life and travels. Focusing primarily on Woolson’s short stories, editors Victoria Brehm and Sharon L. Dean also include a representative letter, poem, and travel sketch for each section.
Praise for Selected Stories and Travel Narratives
            Thanks to the movement to revise and expand the American literary canon, a number of minority and women writers have been rescued from obscurity in the last three decades. Woolson is one of the latest whose literature and legacy have been revived as a result of the revolution in the canon. In this handsome volume, Brehm (Grand Valley State Univ.) and Dean (Rivier College), both seasoned Woolson scholars, make available for the first time some of Woolson’s finest writing, offering selections that range from short stories and travel narratives to poems and correspondence. Woolson’s oeuvre is extensive, which makes selecting works for a volume such as this a challenge. The editors succeed well in including material that is both illuminating and well balanced., July 2005
Choice, July 2005

Constance Fenimore Woolson and Edith Wharton: Perspectives on Landscape and Art. Knoxville: University of Tennessee Press, 2002.
The first study to draw connections between Constance Fenimore Woolson and Edith Wharton, this book explores the contrasting ways in which these two important writers responded to the rapidly changing landscapes of the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries. Sharon L. Dean considers the travel essays of Woolson and Wharton, as well as their fiction, and contextualizes their work with the rise in tourism and with evolving theories and techniques of landscape design. She argues that for both writers, the manner in which they saw and transcribed landscape informed their ways of seeing themselves as artists.
From the dust jacket
Full of fresh insights into the literary achievements of both Woolson and Wharton, Dean’s book will also prompt readers to reconsider their own responses and obligations to landscape and how these responses are shaped by their experience and by larger cultural forces.

Constance Fenimore Woolson: Homeward Bound. Knoxville: University of Tennessee Press, 1995.
Using a thematic approach, Sharon L. Dean examines Woolson’s novels and short stories in terms of how they illuminate her era’s attitudes about a variety of cultural issues: artistic endeavor, the struggle for women’s rights, demographic change and the rise of industrialism, and the nexus of social class, race relations, and ethnicity. . . .
This study demonstrates how Woolson journeyed in her writing from a vision of homogenous regional communities to a vision of the diversity and tension embedded in the national community and, finally, to a vision of herself as an outsider in relation to all communities.
Praise for Constance Fenimore Woolson: Homeward Bound
The strength of Constance Fenimore Woolson: Homeward Bound is Sharon Dean’s ability to interweave biographical details of Woolson’s life with discussions of her fiction. This interweaving, in conjunction with Dean’s engaging prose style, makes Woolson’s life and works come alive.
 Deborah Barker
American Literature, 69:2 (June 1997): 420-21
            Dean offers valuable critical appraisals of Woolson’s work, especially the treatment of race and of gender expectations in her fiction.
 Melissa M. Pennell, University of Massachusetts, Lowell
By contextualizing Woolson’s entire corpus within the ethnic, regional, artistic, and sexual conflicts of the late nineteenth century, Dean contributes powerfully to the resurgence of interest in this long-neglected author.
Dennis Berthold, Texas A & M University
Dean . . . has written an illuminating book about Woolson’s importance to cultural studies of the American post-bellum period.
Katherine Swett
South Central Review (1998): 64-65
Like this:Like Loading... 














Post to



Cancel







 







 
 
%d bloggers like this:










































































































































About | 





































































About


Sharon Dean grew up in Chelmsford Massachusetts where she and her two siblings rode bikes, read books, and visited the historical sites made famous by the Pilgrims, the Revolutionaries, and the many famous writers of New England’s nineteenth century. From Massachusetts, it was a small leap to the University of  New Hampshire and a degree in English.
     When she returned to Chelmsford after graduation, Sharon discovered that she shouldn’t teach seventh  graders and that she should marry the man she dated in college. They spent a year in Del Rio, Texas, where  she had a more successful year teaching high school while her husband completed Air Force pilot training.  When he was assigned to Pease Air Force Base in New Hampshire, she seized the opportunity to enter graduate school at UNH.
     Armed with a Ph.D. and facing a declining job market, Sharon spent several years laboring on the adjunct teaching circuit before she began a full-time career at Rivier University in Nashua, New Hampshire. She added the aura of the nineteenth century to her life when she and her husband purchased an 1865 farmhouse in nearby Brookline. Four academic books later, Sharon has become professor emerita and has moved with, yes, the same husband to Ashland, Oregon, where her daughter is raising a child of the West and her son has established an American base while he raises his children as ex-pats, currently in The Hague. Embracing a change she never anticipated, Sharon is learning to bike and hike and garden in the Siskiyous instead of the Whites. She has sworn off books that require footnotes and is reinventing herself as a writer of mystery novels.















Post to



Cancel







 







 









































































































































Sharon A Wilson - Louisville, KY | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Sharon A Wilson in Louisville, KY


Sharon A Wilson

                                                                                       Intelius found that Sharon A Wilson  is  a female between 50 and 60 years old from Louisville, KY.  We have connected them to
                2 addresses,
                2 phones,
                and 0 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Sharon  Dean
Sharon  Lawless


Get Report Now

Age

Sharon A Wilson is in her 50s

Sharon Has Lived In

Louisville, KY







Sharon A Wilson



Zodiac SignLeo



GenderFemale



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Sharon? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Sharon, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Sharon A Wilson
Get a Criminal Check on Sharon A Wilson
Get a Public Record Report on Sharon A Wilson
Get a People Search Report on Sharon A Wilson


Sharon A Wilson's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Sharon A Wilson has lived as well as Sharon A Wilson's phone numbers and email addresses.




Sharon A Wilson Has Lived in 1 States
Kentucky Address for Sharon A Wilson


761 M******* R* 

Louisville, KY


Has Lived In

Louisville, KY


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Sharon A Wilson

(502) ***-**** - Louisville, KY 
(502) ***-**** - Louisville, KY 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Sharon A Wilson

c*********1@***.com
c*********1@***.net
c******1@***.com


Get Email Report




Sharon A Wilson's Education Information
Known Schools Attended
Learn about Sharon A Wilson's academic history.  Find out which schools Sharon A Wilson attended, the dates attended as well as the degrees Sharon A Wilson received.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Sharon A Wilson Has Attended 1 School
Fern Creek Traditional High School 1979 – 1983                              


Sharon A Wilson's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Sharon A Wilson


Sharon A Wilson's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Sharon A Wilson's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Sharon Wilson
Username Matches

                  SharonWilson
                  WilsonSharon
                  Sharon.Wilson
                  Wilson.Sharon
                  Sharon_Wilson
                  Wilson_Sharon
                  Sharon-Wilson
                  Wilson-Sharon
                  SWilson
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
S Wilson







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.














Sharon L Dean - Ashland, OR | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Sharon L Dean in Ashland, OR


Sharon L Dean

                                                                                       Intelius found that Sharon L Dean  is  a female between 70 and 80 years old from Ashland, OR.  We have connected them to
                3 addresses,
                2 phones,
                and 4 relatives or associates.
         






Get Report Now

Age

Sharon L Dean is in her 70s

Sharon Has Lived In

Ashland, OR
Nashua, NH
Brookline, NH

Sharon's Relatives

Michael Dean
Emily Dean
Marcella Dean
Ronald Dean







Sharon L Dean



Zodiac SignCancer



GenderFemale



Professional Status
Managing Director, Operations at Toronto



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Sharon? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Sharon, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Sharon L Dean
Get a Criminal Check on Sharon L Dean
Get a Public Record Report on Sharon L Dean
Get a People Search Report on Sharon L Dean


Sharon L Dean's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Sharon L Dean has lived as well as Sharon L Dean's phone numbers and email addresses.




Sharon L Dean Has Lived in 2 States
Oregon Address for Sharon L Dean


40 B*** S* 

Ashland, OR


Has Lived In

Ashland, OR
Nashua, NH


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Sharon L Dean

(603) ***-**** - Brookline, NH 
(416) ***-****


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Sharon L Dean

s******5@***.com


Get Email Report




Sharon L Dean's Professional Information
Information regarding Sharon L Dean's professional history.  Find out previous places Sharon L Dean has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Sharon L Dean Has Worked at 2 Places
Company: Toronto
               Title: Managing Director, Operations
Company: Electronic Publishing
               Title: Director
Sharon L Dean's Experience
Title: Managing Director, Operations
               Company: Toronto
Job Details
               Founded in 1892, The Toronto Star is Canada's largest daily newspaper, reaching more than 2.2 million readers weekly. The Star is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Torstar Corporation.  View a brief online presentation of The Toronto Star -- Pages of the Past HERE.
Title: Director
               Company: Electronic Publishing
Job Details
               For more than 25 years, Electronic Publishing has been the leading publication for design, printing, and publishing professionals. Each month, Electronic Publishing delivers up-to-date, and authoritative information on technology, products, and trends in today's marketplace. Combining print, a targeted e-newsletter, roadshows such as the 2004 Print Workflow Summit, online webcasts, and 24/7 website exclusives at www.electronic-publishing.com, Electronic Publishing offers integrated media solutions to the design and printing industry. Electronic Publishing is part of the PennWell family of media. PennWell Corporation is a highly diversified media company providing authoritative print and online publications, conferences and exhibitions, research, databases, internet-based services, and other information products to strategic global markets, including electronics, semiconductor manufacturing, communications, lasers, optoelectronics, computer graphics, graphic arts, oil and gas, electric power, fire services, dental, and water and wastewater.
Additional Professional Information on Sharon L Dean

 See Sharon L Dean's LinkedIn Profile



Sharon L Dean's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Sharon L Dean


Sharon L Dean's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Sharon L Dean's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Sharon Dean
Username Matches

                  SharonDean
                  DeanSharon
                  Sharon.Dean
                  Dean.Sharon
                  Sharon_Dean
                  Dean_Sharon
                  Sharon-Dean
                  Dean-Sharon
                  SDean
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
S Dean







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.
















Sharon L. Dean - Former Vice President, Quality & Reliability at Allison Transmission Holdings, Inc.



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Sharon L. Dean
Former Vice President, Quality & Reliability at Allison Transmission Holdings, Inc.



Overview
In The News Relationships Paths
Education Career History Public Holdings 


Sharon L. Dean
Former Vice President, Quality & Reliability at Allison Transmission Holdings, Inc.



 Overview



Age



60
                                  (Born 1957)
                                              




Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 96 people.
              






 In The News
          See more




US Fed News
September 6, 2013





                        ALLISON TRANSMISSION HOLDINGS REPORTS ACQUISITION BY VP QUALITY AND RELIABILITY DEAN (Indiana)                    







 Relationships
              See Details




Randall R. Kirk

Senior Vice President, Product Engineering & Product Teams at Allison Transmission, Inc.




David L. Parish

Former Director, Manufacturing Engineering & Plant Manager at Allison Transmission, Inc.





Daniel Hancock

Former President, Allison Transmission Division at General Motors Company




Robert M. Price

Former Personnel Director at Allison Transmission, Inc.





James L. Wanaselja

Former Vice President-North AM Marketing Sales & Service at Allison Transmission, Inc.




Bruce McCammon

Former Head-Publication at Allison Transmission Holdings, Inc.





Scott Smale

Former Director-Internal Audit at Allison Transmission Holdings, Inc.




Susan Tomasky

Professional at Summit Midstream Partners LP





Michael G. Headly

Former Vice President, Outside North America Marketing, Sales & Service at Allison Transmission Holdings, Inc.




Melissa Sauer

Investor Relations & Media Contact at Allison Transmission Holdings, Inc.







See 86 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 86 More 


 


 Paths to Sharon L. Dean



            Sharon L. Dean          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Sharon L. Dean






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Sharon L. Dean.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Educational Background



 
Class of 1978 


Kettering University

                  Education. We prepare students for lives of extraordinary leadership and service by linking transformative experiential learning opportunities to rigorous academic programs in engineering, science, mathematics, and business. Founded in 1919 by a group of Flint leaders with a vision for transforming the automobile industry, Kettering University today offers 15 undergraduate degrees, 5 graduate degrees, and a variety of concentrations and minors that allow us to deliver an education that couples theory and practice better than any other institution in the world. At Kettering we are dedicated to achieving the extraordinary through technological innovation, leadership and service. Through growth, global leadership, community outreach and an engaged community of stakeholders we are achieving what we aspire to. Our every action is imbued by a set of values that foster respect, integrity, creativity, collaboration and excellence.                





 Career History



Vice President-Quality & Reliability

                                    1975 - Prior                


Allison Transmission, Inc.


                  Allison Transmission, Inc. designs, manufactures, and sells automatic transmissions for commercial vehicles. The firm's transmissions are used in a variety of applications including on-highway trucks, buses, motor homes, off-highway vehicles and equipment and military vehicles. The company was founded on September 14, 1915 by James A. Allison and is headquartered in Indianapolis, IN.                




Professional

                                    1973 - Prior                


General Motors Company


                  General Motors Co. engages in the designing, manufacturing, and selling of cars, trucks, and automobile parts. It also provides automotive financing services through General Motors Financial Company, Inc. It operates through the following segments: GM North America, GM Europe, GM International Operations, GM South America, and Corporate. The company was founded by William C. Durant on September 16, 1908 and is headquartered in Detroit, MI.                




Vice President, Quality & Reliability

                                    Prior                


Allison Transmission Holdings, Inc.


                  Allison Transmission, Inc. (Allison) is the premier global provider of commercial duty automatic transmissions and hybrid propulsion systems. Allison products are specified by over 250 of the world’s leading vehicle manufacturers and are used in many market sectors including bus, refuse, fire, construction, distribution, military and specialty applications. Founded in 1915, the Allison business is headquartered in Indianapolis, Indiana, U.S.A. and employs approximately 2,800 people. Regional headquarters with dedicated support staff are located in China, the Netherlands, Brazil, India and Japan. With a global presence in 80 countries, Allison has over 1,500 distributor and dealer locations.                





 Public Holdings






Restricted data only for RelSci Professional users.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Other Affiliations




              Sharon L. Dean is affiliated with
                            Allison Transmission, Inc., General Motors Company, Allison Transmission Holdings, Inc..
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤















SHARON L DEAN - LAUDERHILL, FL - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



FL



LAUDERHILL



Employment Agencies



Placement Agencies



                            SHARON L DEAN
                                    



 





















S 


SHARON L DEAN
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



7475 NW 44TH ST APT 809 LAUDERHILL, FL 33319
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded 1997
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $460,000.00
 Employee Count 7
 Industries Placement Agencies
 Contacts SHARON L DEAN







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 1997 the company has been providing Placement Agencies. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







S

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft



















Death of the Keynote Speaker by Sharon L. Dean, Paperback | Barnes & Noble®


















































50% Off The Criterion Collection  




Favorite Paperbacks: Buy 2, Get the 3rd Free  




Back to School for All Ages  




Top Books of the Month  



Membership
Gift Cards
Stores & Events
Help





BNLogo

Auto Suggestions are available once you type at least 3 letters. Use up and down arrow to review and enter to select.


AllBooksNOOK BooksNOOKTextbooksBargain BooksNewsstandTeensKidsToys & GamesHobbies & CollectiblesHome & GiftsMovies & TVMusic










items in your shopping bag.
Click to view the items in your shopping bag

You have













×

Uh-oh, it looks like your Internet Explorer is out of date. 
 For a better shopping experience, please upgrade
now.







!

  Javascript is not enabled in your browser. Enabling
JavaScript in your browser will allow you to experience all the
features of our site.     Learn
how to enable JavaScript on your browser

















 
 
 





Death of the Keynote Speaker

by Sharon L. DeanSharon L. Dean




 


Death of the Keynote SpeakerAn enticing blend of history and imagination, Death of the Keynote Speaker has the feel of Stephen King's The Shining. Set on an isolated island off the coast of New Hampshire, the characters endure a terrible storm, downed telephone lines and no cell service, all of which renders their solitude in an always connected world even more

See more details below








Paperback



$17.42


$17.42

 $17.99
 | Save 3%












Sign In to Complete Instant Purchase
Eligible for FREE SHIPPING 

Get it by Wednesday, August 2
,  Order by 12:00 PM Eastern and choose Expedited Delivery during checkout.

8 New & Used from
$9.01





Save to Wishlist




Want it Today?Check Store Availability



9781942981244



















Overview
Product Details
Related Subjects







Overview



Death of the Keynote SpeakerAn enticing blend of history and imagination, Death of the Keynote Speaker has the feel of Stephen King's The Shining. Set on an isolated island off the coast of New Hampshire, the characters endure a terrible storm, downed telephone lines and no cell service, all of which renders their solitude in an always connected world even more unnerving. A coterie of academics, they've gathered at a ramshackle hotel on Star Island to delve once again into the mystery of their favorite writer, Abigail Brewster, who might have been caught up in murder there more than a century before. When their keynote speaker is found dead with an axe in his back, the conference morphs into a search for the killer amongst them. A literary puzzle adds to the intrigue. Emotions and attitudes suppressed for years are laid bare. Everyone is suspected, and no one is spared. The murderer is finally revealed, but the damage is done - there will be no more meetings of the "friends" who were once the Abigail Brewster Society.Death of the Keynote Speaker provides a close-up look at academic intrigue where otherwise honorable people lie, cheat and steal to get ahead. The pressure to produce papers, research and artifacts that support or give the lie to, say, a poet's place in the literary pantheon, is enormous. For one of the characters in Keynote Speaker, it leads to murder. And - like Ms. Dean's first book, Tour de Trace - the place and geographic descriptions are superb, undoubtedly enhanced by her personal experiences on an island where solitude can still be found.


Advertising




Show More









Product Details


ISBN-13:

9781942981244
Publisher:

Marketing Concepts Intl
Publication date:
10/20/2015
Pages:
258
Sales rank:
1,287,006
Product dimensions:
 6.00(w) x 9.00(h) x 0.54(d)






Related Subjects


Action & Adventure Fiction

Amateur detectives->General








Customer Reviews

Average Review: 



Write a Review


Post to your social network

 
 
 






Most Helpful Customer Reviews


See all customer reviews





























Dean Sharon L Dc in Berkeley, California with Reviews - YP.comStart your search by typing in the business name below.
What do you want to find?

Where?My current locationSearchHomeBerkeley, CADean Sharon L DcBerkeley, CA Dean Sharon L DcAbout Search ResultsAbout Search ResultsYP - The Real Yellow PagesSM - helps you find the right local businesses to meet your specific needs. Search results are sorted by a combination of factors to give you a set of choices in response to your search criteria. These factors are similar to those you might use to determine which business to select from a local Yellow Pages directory, including proximity to where you are searching, expertise in the specific services or products you need, and comprehensive business information to help evaluate a business's suitability for you. “Preferred” listings, or those with featured website buttons, indicate YP advertisers who directly provide information about their businesses to help consumers make more informed buying decisions. YP advertisers receive higher placement in the default ordering of search results and may appear in sponsored listings on the top, side, or bottom of the search results page.Sort:DefaultDefaultDistanceRatingName (A - Z)Sponsored LinksAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection1. Albright Sharon L DDS Inc6333 Telegraph Ave Ste 205Oakland, CA 94609(510) 658-1996DentistsWebsiteServicesAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection2. Pilmer, Sharon L, MD747 52nd StOakland, CA 94609(510) 428-3070Physicians & SurgeonsWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection3. Levine, Sharon L, MD1950 Franklin StOakland, CA 94612(916) 688-2000Physicians & SurgeonsAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection4. Karmon, Sharon L3850 17th StSan Francisco, CA 94114(415) 934-7700Physicians & SurgeonsWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection5. Abrams, Sharon L, MD1425 S Main StWalnut Creek, CA 94596(925) 295-4000Physicians & SurgeonsAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection6. Abrams, Sharon L, MD200 Muir RdMartinez, CA 94553(925) 372-1538Physicians & SurgeonsAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection7. Friedman, Sharon L, MD25800 Carlos Bee BlvdHayward, CA 94542(510) 885-3735Physicians & SurgeonsSponsored LinksShowing1-7
of 7resultsMap ViewSponsoredMichael Wong(1)401 Grand Ave, Oakland, CA 94610(510) 858-0722DirectionsMore InfoAccident & Injury Center of Oakland304 13th St, Oakland, CA 94612(510) 858-0752WebsiteDirectionsMore InfoDoyle Chiropractic(6)400 40th St, Oakland, CA 94609(510) 601-6325WebsiteDirectionsMore InfoWong, Kimball DC1151 Harbor Bay Pkwy, Alameda, CA 94502(510) 521-6211Welcome to your Alameda Chiropractor, Harbor Bay Chiropractic; Creating Health and WellnessWebsiteDirectionsMore InfoDidn't find what you were looking for?magnifying glass 
We just redesigned yp.com! Do you like it?×            LikeNot a Fan×            Thank You!Feedback
















































	Sharon Haase, MD- Dean - WI


Skip to Content









Search






About Us
Contact Us
Careers
Blog
En Español


























		Main Navigation
	

Doctors
Locations
Medical Services
Patient Services
Health Insurance
Classes
Wellness



































Find...

a doctor, clinic, hospital, 
pharmacy and more in a few simple steps. 
















		You are here:
	
Home > Doctors > Basic Profile


























New Search





Sharon L. Haase, MD
Not accepting new patients.

Network Provider






Profile
Office Information



			Profile
		

Gender:Female



		Specialties
	

Internal Medicine




		Board Certification
	

Internal Medicine




		Languages
	

English




		Dean Health Plan Product Type
	

Administrative Services/ASO
Badgercare Plus/Medicaid
Commercial HMO/POS Insurance (Group Or Individual Coverage)
Medicare Advantage
Medicare Gold
Medicare Select



		 
	
If Commercial HMO/POS Insurance (Group or Individual Coverage) appears under Dean Health Plan Product Type, this indicates this provider is participating in the Dean Health Plan Marketplace (healthcare.gov) HMO plans. 
If Dean Focus appears under Dean Health Plan Product Type, this indicates this provider is participating in the Dean Health Plan Marketplace (healthcare.gov) EPO plans.
	


		Hospital Affiliations
	
Beaver Dam Community Hospital




			Office Information
		

.



Locations


UW Health Beaver Dam IM

						Ste 200
					
						705 S Univeristy Ave
					
Beaver Dam, Wisconsin 53916

Main: 920-887-9272

















Doctors


Compare Doctors








Directory Resources
Glossary of Terms
Check Certification Statuswith the American Board of Medical Specialties





















MyChart
EpicLink
DeanConnect
Privacy Policy
Secure Access


Español
Hmoob
繁體中文
Deutsch
العربية
Русский
한국어
Tiếng Việt

Deitsch
ພາສາລາວ
Français
Polski
हिंदी
Shqip
Tagalog

© 2017 SSM Health Dean Medical Group / Dean Health Plan, Inc. | All rights reserved.
A Member of SSM Health
SSM Health and the infinity symbol are trademarks of SSM Health and its affiliates.


























































	Sharon Stake, MD- Dean - WI


Skip to Content









Search






About Us
Contact Us
Careers
Blog
En Español


























		Main Navigation
	

Doctors
Locations
Medical Services
Patient Services
Health Insurance
Classes
Wellness



































Find...

a doctor, clinic, hospital, 
pharmacy and more in a few simple steps. 
















		You are here:
	
Home > Doctors > Basic Profile


























New Search





Sharon L. Stake, MD
Accepting new patients

Network Provider






Profile
Office Information



			Profile
		

Gender:Female



		Specialties
	

Family Medicine




		Board Certification
	

Family Medicine




		Languages
	

English




		Dean Health Plan Product Type
	

Administrative Services/ASO
Badgercare Plus/Medicaid
Commercial HMO/POS Insurance (Group Or Individual Coverage)
Medicare Select
PPO



		 
	
If Commercial HMO/POS Insurance (Group or Individual Coverage) appears under Dean Health Plan Product Type, this indicates this provider is participating in the Dean Health Plan Marketplace (healthcare.gov) HMO plans. 
If Dean Focus appears under Dean Health Plan Product Type, this indicates this provider is participating in the Dean Health Plan Marketplace (healthcare.gov) EPO plans.
	


		Hospital Affiliations
	
Monroe Clinic Hospital




			Office Information
		

.



Locations


Monroe Clinic

						515 22nd Ave
					
Monroe, Wisconsin 53566

Main: 608-324-2000

















Doctors


Compare Doctors








Directory Resources
Glossary of Terms
Check Certification Statuswith the American Board of Medical Specialties





















MyChart
EpicLink
DeanConnect
Privacy Policy
Secure Access


Español
Hmoob
繁體中文
Deutsch
العربية
Русский
한국어
Tiếng Việt

Deitsch
ພາສາລາວ
Français
Polski
हिंदी
Shqip
Tagalog

© 2017 SSM Health Dean Medical Group / Dean Health Plan, Inc. | All rights reserved.
A Member of SSM Health
SSM Health and the infinity symbol are trademarks of SSM Health and its affiliates.












Inside UCR:   Interim Dean Sharon L. Walker Shares Message of Congrats to Class of 2017














































Skip Navigation
Home Page



University of California, Riverside


 63° on campus
Follow Us: 
Visit UCR’s Facebook pageFollow UCR on TwitterVisit UCR’s YouTube channelSubscribe to UCR Today via RSS








Inside UCR


Search:




News for Faculty and Staff of theUniversity of California, Riverside

HomeNewsDid You Know?Who Says?OEAwards & HonorsResearch & ScholarshipUCR Today



 
 Inside UCR
Interim Dean Sharon L. Walker Shares Message of Congrats to Class of 2017
By Angela Meluski on June 21, 2017Archived under: Inside UCR, Bourns College of Engineering, internal, Sharon Walker 


This past Saturday and Monday, we celebrated with BCOE’s more than 600 graduating engineers as they walked across the stage and received their degrees. Interim Dean Sharon L. Walker shared this message with our graduates, congratulating them on their achievements and welcoming them to the Highlander alumni family.


Embed This Video
<iframe width="603" height="369" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/9ELZKwtKti0?rel=0" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>



Most Recent Videos
See Archives

 
 Prediction for Southern California’s 2015 Fire Season June 24, 2015 UC Riverside’s Richard Minnich discusses the wildfire threat this year

 A University on the Move October 27, 2014 Update from UC Riverside Chancellor Kim A. Wilcox

 Watch: “Fiat Lux: The UCR Song” December 11, 2013 A tuneful note of thanks from UC Riverside 

 Living the Promise: Mikeal Roose August 6, 2013 Mikeal Roose's responsibility is to conduct research that improves the sustainability of the agriculture industry in California and to provide consumers with products that improve their health.

 Living the Promise: Steven Clark July 23, 2013 Steven Clark has consulted extensively with law enforcement and prosecuting and defense attorneys on matters of eyewitness identification and criminal justice policy

 UC Riverside From the Air July 15, 2013 New short film gives viewers a new, unique point-of-view of the campus

 Living the Promise: Yinsheng Wang July 9, 2013 Research development in lab of UC Riverside's Yinsheng Wang could lead to development of new and effective drugs to treat cancer

 Video: UCR Staff Assembly Hosts Community Partner Fair April 29, 2013 

 UCR Alumni Interview: Lynn Gref March 5, 2013 Lynn Gref (BA ’63, MA ’64, and PhD ’66 Mathematics) is an author, technologist, systems engineer

 Evaluating Benefits of Hybrid Bulldozers December 6, 2012 Initial results show fuel consumption is reduced 10 to 20 percent and harmful emissions are cut up to 99 percent.
 
Archived under: Inside UCR, Bourns College of Engineering, internal, Sharon Walker
Top of Page



Share this video: 








Related News


BCOE Interim Dean Sharon L. Walker Named AEESP Fellow[Jun 27, 2017]

Grad Student Drew Story Wins AAAS Poster Competition, Earns Feature in Science[Mar 30, 2017]

UCR’s BCOE Collaborates with Mexican Universities to Host First Binational Symposium of Laser-Induced Cavitation and its Applications[Nov 21, 2016]

Dr. Sharon Walker Named Interim Dean for UCR’s Bourns College of Engineering[Jul 15, 2016]

How Clean is Your Spinach?[Aug 19, 2015]




LatestMost Viewed

UCR Study Evaluates Ultra-low Emission Natural Gas Bus [Jul 27, 2017]
Infected Insects Cause a Stink [Jul 24, 2017]
Scientists Get Best Measure of Star-forming Material in Galaxy Clusters in Early Universe [Jul 20, 2017]
UC Riverside-led Team Wins $14.9 Million to Battle Disease-carrying Mosquitoes [Jul 19, 2017]
UCR Assistant Professors Receive NSF CAREER Awards [Jul 17, 2017]
Biosensors Light Up Cellular Signaling Processes [Jul 14, 2017]

California Projected to Get Wetter Through This Century [Jul 6, 2017]
Drinking Alcohol While Pregnant Could Have Transgenerational Effects [Jul 6, 2017]
UC Riverside Makes Top 30 in Time’s Money Magazine [Jul 14, 2017]
UC Riverside-led Team Wins $14.9 Million to Battle Disease-carrying Mosquitoes [Jul 19, 2017]
Graduate Student in the Neuroscience Ph.D. program was Awarded a 'SMART' Fellowship [Jun 30, 2017]
UC Riverside Launches $10 Million Highlander Venture Capital Fund [Jun 30, 2017]




 UCR Magazine Online
Summer 2017 issue of UCR Magazine is available. Read about Unlocking Puzzles Of The World..

Read it now!

 







Below the Fold

Faculty Profile | Politics/Society


Marylynn YatesProfessor of Environmental Microbiology; Environmental Microbiologist

Events and Happenings All Events & Happenings



Some Kind of Hero
June 24–July 29Various Times

					Exhibit


Scuba Certification
July 28–August 67:00 p.m.




UCR Softball Camp
Tuesday, August 110 a.m.–12:30 p.m.




Some Kind of Hero
June 24–July 29Various Times

					Exhibit

 

Related Sites

Science Today
Servicio de Información en Español
UC Agricultural and Natural Resources news
UC en Español
UC Newsroom

 UCR in the NewsReza Aslan reminds Ryan of his immigrant roots January 30, 2017Study Explains How Western Diet Leads to Overeating and Obesity January 30, 2017The dangerous questions Muslims face January 30, 2017Cutting middle class scholarship could hit Southern California hard January 30, 2017Best and Worst Cities to Score Your Dream JobAvoid the worst cities to live in, and find an area with more attractive job prospects. January 30, 2017Confronting the Trump Effect on Our Campuses January 30, 2017Discovery could bolster traits of soybeans, other crops January 29, 2017Author Reza Aslan Says Executive Order Has Already Affected His Family January 29, 2017Hybrid cars can save fuel through nature-like algorithms January 29, 2017What Trump said about travel ban is false January 29, 2017 





Footer

The University of California, Riverside (www.ucr.edu) is a doctoral research university, a living laboratory for groundbreaking exploration of issues critical to Inland Southern California, the state and communities around the world. Reflecting California's diverse culture, UCR's enrollment is now nearly 23,000 students. The campus opened a medical school in 2013 and has reached the heart of the Coachella Valley by way of the UCR Palm Desert Center. The campus has an annual statewide economic impact of more than $1 billion.	


Feedback
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
© 2017 Regents of the University of California
Last modified: 2017-Jun-21








