    Randall Dearth | LANXESS AG | ZoomInfo.com


Randall S Dearth - Sewickley, PA | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Randall S Dearth in Sewickley, PA


Randall S Dearth

                                                                           Intelius found that Randall S Dearth  is  a male between 50 and 60 years old from Sewickley, PA.  We have connected them to
                13 addresses,
                6 phones,
                and 10 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Randy  Dearth


Get Report Now

Age

Randall S Dearth is in his 50s

Randall Has Lived In

Sewickley, PA
Pittsburgh, PA
Glenshaw, PA

Randall's Relatives

Richard Dearth
Lori Dearth
Bonnie Dittmer
Lois Dearth







Randall S Dearth



Zodiac SignLibra



GenderMale



Professional Status
Chief Executive Officer at Lanxess AG



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Randall? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Randall, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Randall S Dearth
Get a Criminal Check on Randall S Dearth
Get a Public Record Report on Randall S Dearth
Get a People Search Report on Randall S Dearth


Randall S Dearth's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Randall S Dearth has lived as well as Randall S Dearth's phone numbers and email addresses.




Randall S Dearth Has Lived in 3 States
Pennsylvania Address for Randall S Dearth


171 T***** F*** R* 

Sewickley, PA


Has Lived In

Sewickley, PA
Pittsburgh, PA


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Randall S Dearth

(330) ***-**** - Warren, OH 
(412) ***-**** - Pittsburgh, PA 
(412) ***-**** - Glenshaw, PA 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Randall S Dearth

r**************3@***.net
r******h@***.com


Get Email Report




Randall S Dearth's Education Information
Known Schools Attended
Learn about Randall S Dearth's academic history.  Find out which schools Randall S Dearth attended, the dates attended as well as the degrees Randall S Dearth received.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Randall S Dearth Has Attended 4 Schools
Case Western Reserve University 1986 – 1988               Randall S Dearth has a M.s. in Polymer Science and Enginering               
Case Western Reserve University               1986 – 1988               Randall S Dearth has a M.s., in Polymer Science and Enginering               
Hiram College               1982 – 1986               Randall S Dearth has a B.A. in Chemistry / German               
Hiram College               1982 – 1986               Randall S Dearth has a B.a., in Chemistry / German               


Randall S Dearth's Professional Information
Information regarding Randall S Dearth's professional history.  Find out previous places Randall S Dearth has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Randall S Dearth Has Worked at 6 Places
Company: Lanxess AG
               Title: Chief Executive Officer
Company: Calgon Carbon Corporation
               Title: Chairman, President and CEO
Randall S Dearth's Experience
Title: Chief Executive Officer
               Company: Lanxess AG
Job Details
               Company Size: Less than $1 mil - Employee Range: 1,000 to less than 5,000
Title: Chairman, President and CEO
               Company: Calgon Carbon Corporation
Job Details

Additional Professional Information on Randall S Dearth

 See Randall S Dearth's LinkedIn Profile



Randall S Dearth's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Randall S Dearth


Randall S Dearth's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Randall S Dearth's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Randall Dearth
Username Matches

                  RandallDearth
                  DearthRandall
                  Randall.Dearth
                  Dearth.Randall
                  Randall_Dearth
                  Dearth_Randall
                  Randall-Dearth
                  Dearth-Randall
                  RDearth
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
R Dearth







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.













Randall S. Dearth: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 8:51 AM ET
Chemicals

Company Overview of Calgon Carbon Corporation



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Randall S. Dearth  Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President, Calgon Carbon CorporationAgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 5 Board Members in 5 different organizations across 4 different industries.See Board Relationships53$1,882,917As of Fiscal Year 2016
Background

		Mr. Randall S. Dearth, also known as Randy, has been the Chief Executive Officer and President of Calgon Carbon Corporation since August 1, 2012 and also has been its Chairman since May 1, 2014. Mr. Dearth served as the Chief Executive Officer and President of Lanxess Corporation from July 2004 to July 31, 2012. Mr. Dearth joined Bayer Corporation in 1988 as an Automotive Coatings Chemist and served positions of increasing responsibility including President and Chief ... Executive Officer of Bayer Chemicals Corporation. From 1993 to 1997, He served as a Marketing Manager in Germany, where he was responsible for developing the European and Asian markets for monomeric aliphatic isocyanates, which are used in diverse coatings and elastomeric applications. He serves as the Chairman of the Andy Warhol Museum. He has been a Director at Stepan Company since 2012. He has been a Director of Calgon Carbon Corporation since November 2007. He serves as a Trustee of Carnegie Institute. Mr. Dearth served as a Director of American Chemistry Council Inc. Mr. Dearth holds Bachelor Degree in Chemistry from Hiram College and a Master Degree in Polymer Science and Engineering from Case Western Reserve University in Cleveland.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
3000 GSK DriveMoon Township, Pennsylvania 15108United StatesPhone: 412-787-6700Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
TrusteeCarnegie InstituteDirectorAmerican Chemistry Council, Inc.Chairman of the BoardThe Andy Warhol Museum2007-PresentChairman, Chief Executive Officer and PresidentCalgon Carbon Corporation2012-PresentDirectorStepan Company
Education
Master's Degree Case Western Reserve UniversityME Case Western Reserve UniversityBA Hiram College
Other Affiliations
Stepan CompanyCase Western Reserve UniversityLANXESS CorporationCarnegie InstituteHiram CollegeAmerican Chemistry Council, Inc.The Andy Warhol Museum


Annual Compensation
Salary$658,750Total Annual Compensation$658,750
Stocks Options
Restricted Stock Awards$502,500All Other Compensation$27,483Exercisable Options$206,781Exercisable Options Value$164,500Unexercisable Options$116,299Unexercisable Options Value$237,517Total Value of Options$402,016Total Number of Options$323,080
Total Compensation
Total Annual Cash Compensation$1,129,167Total Short Term Compensation$658,750Other Long Term Compensation$529,983Total Calculated Compensation$1,882,917




Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONNamePosition/CompanyCompensationVictor L. Richey Jr.Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and PresidentESCO Technologies Inc.$824.5KDale G. Barnhart Chief Executive Officer, President and DirectorLydall, Inc.$594.8KL. Heath Sampson Chief Executive Officer, President, Principal Financial Officer, Treasurer and Director Advanced Emissions Solutions, Inc.$500.0KRichard A. MacPherson Founder, Chief Executive Officer, President & DirectorMidwest Energy Emissions Corp.$348.6KD. Michael Wilson Chief Executive Officer, President and DirectorIngevity Corporation$1.4MCompensation as of Fiscal Year 2016.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Calgon Carbon Corporation, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close



































Randall S. Dearth - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In




















Randall S. Dearth
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer at Calgon Carbon


View Full Profile
Are you Randall S. Dearth? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Randall S. Dearth's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Randall S. Dearth's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Randall S. Dearth's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Randall S. Dearth through your network of contacts.
												








Randall S. Dearth's Executive Work History


Current


Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, 
Calgon Carbon


Board Member, 
Stepan Company


Past
To view Randall S. Dearth's complete executive work history, sign up now
Education


														 Bachelor's, 
															Hiram College


														 Master's, 
															Case Western Reserve University


Age
53

 
 


Randall S. Dearth's Biography




			Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Calgon Carbon Corporation, a global manufacturer of activated carbon and innovative treatment systems, since May 2014.  President and Chief Executive Officer of Calgon Carbon Corporation from 2012 to May 2014. President and Chief Executive Officer of LANXESS Corporation, a global chemicals manufacturer, from 2004 to 2012. Director of Calgon Carbon Corporation.
		
Source: Stepan Company on 03/23/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Randall S. Dearth's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Randall S. Dearth. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Randall S. Dearth's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Randall S. Dearth's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Randall S. Dearth through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Randall S. Dearth


















Randall S. Dearth's Connections (85)





Sign up now to view Randall S. Dearth's 85 connections »









Leroy M. Ball
President, Chief Executive Officer and Director, Koppers Holdings Inc.









William R. Newlin
Chairman of the Board, Meritor, Inc.









John P. Surma
Board Member, Marathon Petroleum Corporation









Donald C. Templin
President, Marathon Petroleum Corporation









Gregory E. Lawton
Board Member, Stepan Company









James A. Coccagno
Executive Vice President, Core Carbon and Services, Calgon Carbon









Richard D. Rose
Former Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary, Calgon Carbon









Stevan R. Schott
Executive Vice President, Advanced Materials, Manufacturing and Equipment, Calgon Carbon









Gail A. Gerono
Former Vice President, Investor Relations and Communications, Calgon Carbon









William J. Lyons
Board Member, Calgon Carbon








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Michael C. Montgomery
Board Member, NMI Holdings, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

ï¿½ 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993















Randall Dearth, Calgon Carbon Corp: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  
























Feedback





Randall Dearth

Chairman/President/CEO,
Calgon Carbon Corp






Career History




Chairman/President/CEO
Calgon Carbon Corp, 5/2014-PRESENT


President/CEO
Calgon Carbon Corp, 8/2012-5/2014


President/CEO
Lanxess Corp, 2004-7/2012


President/CEO
Bayer Chemicals Corp, 2002-UNKNOWN


Various Positions
Bayer Chemicals Corp, 1988-UNKNOWN


Show More









Website:
www.calgoncarbon.com






Corporate Information
Address:

3000 GSK Drive
Moon Township, PA 15108
United States


Phone:
1-412-787-6700


Fax:
1-412-787-4511


Web url:
www.calgoncarbon.com











From The Web












Personal Information



Education



Hiram College
Bachelor's Degree, Chemistry


Case Western Reserve University
Master's Degree








Memberships



Board Memberships




Pittsburgh Technology Council/The


Board Member, PRESENT




Carnegie Institute


Trustee, PRESENT




Calgon Carbon Corp


Chairman, 5/2014-PRESENT




Stepan Co


Board Member, 4/2012-PRESENT




Calgon Carbon Corp


Board Member, 11/2007-5/2014



Show More





Other Memberships




Acc


Board Member




Allegheny Conference on Community Developmen


Board Member




Energy Innovation Center


Board Member




Childrens Hospital of Pittsburgh Foundation


Board Member



Show More








Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data



































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









 






Randall S. Dearth, Chairman, President and CEO, Calgon Carbon


























&timesJavascript is disabled
























Market Profiles



Login
Sign up



Login


Sign up








 







 Edit

Person













Randall S. Dearth



Chairman, President and CEO
at
Calgon Carbon


Location: Greater Pittsburgh Area





Add to My Lists

Claim

Share


Copy the following code on your page/blog


Suggested widget size



Mobile



Desktop









Randall S. Dearth



Chairman, President and CEO
at
Calgon Carbon


Location: Greater Pittsburgh Area




Add to My Lists

Claim

Share


Copy the following code on your page/blog


Suggested widget size



Mobile



Desktop




Randall is a proven leader with over twenty-six years experience in the chemical industry. Dearth have managed teams responsible for marketing, R&D, manufacturing, finance, law, HR, IT, PR and procurement. In 2004, Randall was part of the leadership team that developed and implemented the corporate organization for LANXESS after Bayer split out their chemicals business into this new, independent legal entity.
In 2012 Dearth became the President and CEO of Calgon Carbon Corporation- a leader in water and air purification technology.



5

Companies in Career





N/A

Related Markets





1

Colleagues





N/A

Related Investments








Alias
N/A



Industry
Chemical Manufacturing




Tags
Marketing communications, corporate branding, international business, market/product/corporate strategy development, people management/leadership




Topics of Influence












N/A







N/A



























Careers








Achievements








Investments








Related People






 Edit
View all 



Randall S. DearthCareer (5)






2012




Calgon Carbon



Chairman, President and CEO







2004 to 2012




Lanxess Corporation



President and CEO







2002 to 2004




Bayer Chemicals Corporation



President and CEO







1999 to 2002




Bayer Corporation



Director of Global Marketing- Powder Intermediates and Colorants







1997 to 1999




Bayer



Dir. of Marketing








Competencies










 Edit
View all 



Randall S. DearthEducation (2)






1988



Case Western Reserve University


Polymer Science and Enginering






1986



Hiram College


Chemistry / German









 Edit



Randall S. DearthAchievements and Recognitions





Add Milestone


No milestones has been recorded for Randall S. Dearth






 Edit



Randall S. DearthLinks





Add Link


No links has been recorded for Randall S. Dearth









Randall S. DearthInvestments/Acquisitions





No investments has been recorded for Randall S. Dearth









Randall S. DearthInvestments Representing Others





No investment reps has been recorded for Randall S. Dearth








Randall S. DearthRelated People








Colleagues at Calgon Carbon







James C. Coccagno

Vice President of Global Procurement & Strategic Initiatives
Sep-2012








View all 
Peers (35)







Dan Batrack

Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, and President of Tetra Tech









Richard Meeusen

Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer of Badger Meter









John Malloy

Chairman, President & CEO of Victaulic









Philip Mezey

President and Chief Executive Officer of Itron









Malcolm Unsworth

President and CEO of Itron









Jeff Fettig

Chairman and CEO of Whirlpool












View all 



Randall S. DearthRecommended Market Profiles (2)








Water Purification - Technology Developer

2,500 - 5,000 employees
51 companies








Clean Technology: Water (Abridged)

10,000 or More employees
34 companies


















Randall S. Dearth, the President and CEO of Calgon Carbon Corporation (CCC), Interviews with The Wall Street TranscriptHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets open in 39 mins.S&P Futures2,466.50-5.50 (-0.22%)Dow Futures21,716.00-27.00 (-0.12%)Nasdaq Futures5,868.50-41.00 (-0.69%)Randall S. Dearth, the President and CEO of Calgon Carbon Corporation (CCC), Interviews with The Wall Street TranscriptWall Street TranscriptAugust 22, 2013ReblogShareTweetShare67 WALL STREET, New York - August 22, 2013 - The Wall Street Transcript has just published its Water Services Report offering a timely review of the sector to serious investors and industry executives. This special feature contains expert industry commentary through in-depth interviews with public company CEOs and Equity Analysts. The full issue is available by calling (212) 952-7433 or via The Wall Street Transcript Online.Topics covered: Water Infrastructure Development - Irrigation and Metering Technology - Water Industry Consolidation - Regulatory Headwinds for U.S. UtilitiesCompanies include: Calgon Carbon Corp. (CCC) and many more.In the following excerpt from the Water Services Report, the President and CEO of Calgon Carbon Corporation (CCC) discusses company strategy and the outlook for this vital industry:TWST: Where is your focus in terms of the water-purification process?Mr. Dearth: Historically, municipalities in the U.S. have used activated carbon to remove organic compounds that cause drinking water to have an offensive taste and odor. In recent years, municipalities have been installing activated carbon to meet the requirements of EPA regulations.One of those regulations requires preventing or removing disinfection byproducts that are formed when chlorine is used as a disinfectant in the water-treatment process. Chlorine can react with organic matter in the water and form byproducts that can be hazardous to human health. Activated carbon can remove the disinfection byproducts or prevent them from forming.A good example is the city of Phoenix, which several years ago decided to use activated carbon to combat this problem. The city chose Calgon Carbon as its sole provider of the virgin carbon fill, and then awarded us a 10-year contract to reactivate that carbon at a new reactivation facility that we built in the Phoenix area.As for future applications, endocrine disrupters - which are essentially pharmaceuticals that make their way into drinking water when they are discarded - are becoming more of a concern. Activated carbon can be used to remove them. Although they are currently not regulated, they could very well be in the future.TWST: Are you seeing a trend toward more awareness of the need for purification of water? Mr. Dearth: Yes, for two reasons. Number one, advancements in science enable us to better identify what is in the water. Number two, environmental groups are now using the Internet as a tool to educate people about impurities in their water. As a result, some consumers are pressing their municipalities to improve the quality of their water. We are seeing this more and more, not only here in the United States, but around the world.Another key area that we're focused on, which is also regulation-driven, is the...For more of this interview and many others visit the Wall Street Transcript - a unique service for investors and industry researchers - providing fresh commentary and insight through verbatim interviews with CEOs, portfolio managers and research analysts. This special issue is available by calling (212) 952-7433 or via The Wall Street Transcript Online.ReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read NextTrump’s unwitting legacy could be universal health coverageYahoo FinanceEngineer Finds Pattern; Makes Millions in StocksMoney MorningSponsoredSean Hannity responds to claim he ran up a $42,000 tab at Trump's hotel after flying in a 70-year-old lobster from MaineBusiness InsiderRepublicans warn Trump: No confirmation hearing for a Sessions replacement, and no recess appointment eitherBusiness Insider‘Fire Ball’ Dutch manufacturer speaks out after Ohio State Fair tragedyFox BusinessZuckerberg Wife's Ambitious Secret Finally ExposedUNewz.MeSponsoredTwitter is only famous now because of President Trump: NYSE traderYahoo Finance VideoGDP — What you need to know in markets on FridayYahoo FinanceMattis was on vacation when Trump tweeted transgender ban, and he was reportedly 'appalled' by itBusiness InsiderThis Will Be In Everyone's Household By 2020Banyan HillSponsoredWhite House comms director Scaramucci: 'I'm not Steve Bannon, I'm not trying to suck my own c--k'Business InsiderStarbucks CEO: The Amazon-Whole Foods deal shows where retail is goingYahoo FinanceMcDonald's swift to respond in China after moldy ice cream maker pictures go viral in U.S.ReutersA Penny-Crypto Miracle Making Some Americans RichAgora FinancialSponsoredAmazon could be the first trillion dollar company: NYSE traderYahoo Finance VideoHow grocers feel about Amazon: 'There was a lot of fear before, there's a lot more fear now'Yahoo FinancePutin critic says Russian lawyer's Trump Tower meeting was about sanctionsGreg: A lawyer, a spy, a mob boss, and a money launder walk into a bar. The bartender says: "you guys must be here to talk about adoption."Join the Conversation1 / 5347














Dearth, Randall S. - The Wall Street Transcript











































 





































Randall S. Dearth
Randall S. Dearth is President and CEO of Calgon Carbon Corporation. He joined Calgon Carbon Corporation in August of 2012, accepting the role of President and Chief Executive Officer after having served on the Calgon Carbon board of directors since 2007. Since 2004, Mr. Dearth has served as the President and CEO of LANXESS Corporation, an international chemical manufacturer that was spun out of the Bayer Group. From 2002 until the carve-out of LANXESS, he was the President and CEO of Bayer Chemicals Corporation. He started his career with Bayer in 1988 and held various positions within the company including sales, marketing, product management and applications development. From 1993 through 1997, Mr. Dearth worked at Bayer’s headquarters in Germany, where he was responsible for market development in Europe and Asia for the coatings division. In addition to the Calgon Carbon Corporation’s board of directors, he also sits on the boards of the American Chemistry Council, the Allegheny Conference on Community Development, the United Way of Allegheny County, the Andy Warhol Museum and the Stepan Company. Mr. Dearth has been recognized as an emerging top CEO with a Pittsburgh Business Times Diamond Award. He has also won a PRSA Renaissance Award as the CEO Communicator of the Year, and Junior Achievement’s 2011 Entrepreneur of the Year Award. He holds a bachelor’s degree in chemistry from Hiram College, and a master’s degree in polymer science and engineering from Case Western Reserve University in Cleveland.
Related Interviews:Interview with the President and CEO: Calgon Carbon Corporation (CCC)August 12, 2013







CartLatest NewsAll American USC Footbal Player Joseph M. Boskovich Jr. Now Picks All American Value Stocks for his ClientsPaul Hogan Picks Tech Dividend Growers Microchip Technology (NASDAQ:MCHP), Xilinx (NASDAQ:XLNX) and Versum Materials (NYSE:VSM)600 Gallons of Water to Produce a McDonalds (NYSE:MCD) Quarter Pounder:  How Will Investors Profit?The Wall Street Transcript is a completely unique resource for investors and business researchers.Over 20,000 CEO, Equity Analyst and Money Manager InterviewsSubscribe now!Sign Up For Newsletter Weekly email with New In-Depth Interviews


Email: 



Most Popular InterviewsBuilding Diversified Portfolios with Quality Global EquitiesGregory D. PadillaAlberto Jimenez Crespo Published July 27, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: AMZN 005930 AAPL MU WHR KIMBERA GS VOD PPG SHW VIV PEY Buy ($25)Building Accountability and Avoiding Mistakes Through the Decision ProcessDean  Pagonis Published July 27, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: CMP SBH AMZN ULTA CVS LRLCY KMB WWW SDF Buy ($25)Finding Optimal Balance Sheets by Utilizing High Yield Market ExpertiseZach  Miller Published July 27, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: LSXMK SIRI BLL CHTR ARMK Buy ($25)Most Popular ReportsInvesting Strategies Published July 24, 2017Buy ($175)Wireless Communications & Telecom Published July 14, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published July 11, 2017Buy ($175) 






Top Company Interviews






Register for a Free Account to gain greater access to
            The Wall Street Transcript right now




CEO INTERVIEWSInterview with the President and CEO: Lumos Networks Corp. (NASDAQ:LMOS)Interview with the Corporate VP of Business Development, Strategy and Investor Relations: DSP Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:DSPG)Interview with the CEO and Director: Tactile Systems Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:TCMD) 

SECTOR ROUNDTABLESNatural Gas Weighs Heavy On E&P Near-Term ProspectsRoundtable Forum:optimism Despite Uncertainty In For-profit EducationRoundtable Forum:a Shift In Focus To Natural Gas From Oil 

MONEY MANAGER INTERVIEWSBuilding Diversified Portfolios with Quality Global EquitiesBuilding Accountability and Avoiding Mistakes Through the Decision ProcessFinding Optimal Balance Sheets by Utilizing High Yield Market Expertise 

ANALYST INTERVIEWSAnalyzing the Secular Drivers Within Communications Infrastructure and TelecomSatellite Companies Benefiting from Growth in Data TrafficIncreased Focus on Content as Consumers Shift to Digital Consumption 




Subscribe Today!







                Since 1963
                © The Wall Street Transcript 1997-2016
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy  
            





https://www.twst.com/wp-admin/admin-ajax.php

Pin It on Pinterest





































Share This





Twitter





Facebook





Google+





Gmail





LinkedIn








































×





Join now for free!
Already a member?






First Name 





Last Name 





Email address *








Create new account
 


or create an account with a social network.

Join with Facebook


Join with Twitter


Join with Google








Username or Email address: *





Password: *






LoginJoin now! | Forgot password?
 


or login using a social network


Log in with Facebook


Log in with Twitter


Log in with Google













Calgon Carbon Corp (CCC)  People | Reuters.com


























































X



Edition:

United States


















Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States
















Calgon Carbon Corp (CCC)










Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerMarket DataBasic MaterialsCommodity Chemicals












                
                        Overview
                    



                
                        News
                    



                
                        Key Developments
                    



                
                        People
                    



                
                        Charts
                    



                
                        Financials
                    



                
                        Analysts
                    



                    
                            Research
                        



                    
                            Pulse
                        










				CCC on New York Consolidated


				15.75USD
27 Jul 2017





				    Change	(% chg)


		    
						    --


					            (--)
					        






Prev Close

$15.75


Open

--




Day's High

--


Day's Low

--




Volume

--


Avg. Vol

306,142




52-wk High

$18.80


52-wk Low

$12.89











					Summary





Name
Age
Since
Current Position




							Randall Dearth

53
2014

                                Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer




							Robert Fortwangler

41
2016

                                Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President




							James Coccagno

43
2016

                                Executive Vice President - Core Carbon and Services




							Stevan Schott

53
2016

                                Executive Vice President - Advanced Materials, Manufacturing, and Equipment




							Chad Whalen

40
2015

                                Senior Vice President, General Counsel, Secretary




							Timothy Rupert

68
2014

                                Lead Independent Director




							J. Rich Alexander

59
2009

                                Independent Director




							William Lyons

68
2008

                                Independent Director




							Louis Massimo

57
2013

                                Independent Director




							William Newlin

76
2005

                                Independent Director




							John Paro

58
2013

                                Independent Director




							Julie Roberts

60
2000

                                Independent Director




							Donald Templin

53
2013

                                Independent Director



» Insider Trading





					Biographies





Name
Description




							Randall Dearth


					
							Mr. Randall S. Dearth has been a Director of the Company since November 2007. Mr. Dearth has been the Chairman of the Board since May 2014. Mr. Dearth has been President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company since August 1, 2012 and, as such, he oversees all of the property, business, operations and affairs of the Company. From 2004 through July 2012, Mr. Dearth was President and Chief Executive Officer of LANXESS Corporation, a specialty chemicals company. Prior thereto, he was President and Chief Executive Officer of Bayer Chemicals Corp., a chemicals manufacturer. Mr. Dearth has been a director of Stepan Company, a global chemical solutions company, since April 2012.




							Robert Fortwangler


					
							Mr. Robert Fortwangler has been promoted as Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President of the Company., effective January 1, 2016. Mr. Fortwangler was Executive Director of Risk Management & Planning from October 2010 to March 2013, Director of Risk Management & Planning from January 2008 to October 2010, Assistant Treasurer from September 2006 to January 2008, Assistant Controller from October 2004 to September 2006, Manager of Planning, Product Costing & New Consumer Products from November 2002 to October 2004 and joined the Company’s finance group in April 2001 as the Senior Project Accountant and served as such until November 2002. Mr. Fortwangler is a Certified Public Accountant and most recently led the Company’s SAP reimplementation project.




							James Coccagno


					
							Mr. James A. Coccagno has been promoted as Executive Vice President - Core Carbon and Services of the Company., effective January 1, 2016. He is no longer Senior Vice President—Asia, Global Procurement and Strategic Initiatives of the Company since March 2015. He responsibe for Asia operations, global procurement and strategic initiatives. Mr. Coccagno was Vice President—Global Procurement and Strategic Initiatives from September 2012 to March 2015. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Coccagno held several positions of increasing responsibility in Procurement, Logistics, Compliance, Corporate Communications, and Corporate Development at LANXESS Corporation, a specialty chemicals company, from July 2004 to September 2012. During his last assignment at LANXESS Corporation, Mr. Coccagno led the successful integration of three acquisitions in an eighteen month period. Mr. Coccagno started his career at Bayer Corporation, a global diversified conglomerate, working in Supply Chain Management, before moving into Sales, Marketing, and Procurement from September 1996 to June 2004.




							Stevan Schott


					
							Mr. Stevan R. Schott has been promoted as Executive Vice President - Advanced Materials, Manufacturing, and Equipment of the Company., effective January 1, 2016. He is no longer Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company since April 2011. He responsibile for all corporate financial and information technology functions of the Company. Mr. Schott was the Company's Vice President and Chief Financial Officer from July 2010 to April 2011 and the Company's Vice President, Finance, Americas and Asia from February 2008 until July 2010. From July 2007 until February 2008, Mr. Schott was Executive Director of Finance of the Company. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Schott was employed by DQE, Inc., an energy services holding company, where he had various financial positions, including Vice President of Finance, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.




							Chad Whalen


					
							Mr. Chad Whalen is Senior Vice President, General Counsel, Secretary of Calgon Carbon Corporation. Prior to RTI, Whalen was a practicing attorney in the Pittsburgh, PA office of Buchanan, Ingersoll and Rooney PC, where he represented public companies in the areas of corporate finance and corporate governance. He was also a member of the steering committee of the firm's SEC Practice Group and a member of its Mergers and Acquisitions Practice Group. While employed at the firm, Whalen provided counsel in the matters of corporate governance, securities law compliance, and mergers and acquisitions. Whalen has a Bachelor's Degree from Grove City College, and his Juris Doctor from Penn State Dickinson School of Law. He is a member of the American Bar Association's Federal Regulation of Securities and Negotiated Acquisitions subcommittees, the Society of Corporate Secretaries and Governance Professionals, and the Pennsylvania and Allegheny County Bar Associations.




							Timothy Rupert


					
							Mr. Timothy G. Rupert has been appointed as Lead Independent Director of Calgon Carbon Corporation, effective May 1, 2014. Mr. Rupert retired in July 2007 from his position as President and Chief Executive Officer and a director of RTI International Metals, Inc., a titanium manufacturer, which he had held since 1999. Prior thereto, Mr. Rupert served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of RTI International Metals, Inc. and was Director of Corporate Finance and held other financial positions with United States Steel Corporation, a steel manufacturer. Mr. Rupert is currently the President and Chief Executive Officer of the Foundation for IUP, a non-profit corporation which manages endowment and real estate assets. The Company believes that Mr. Rupert is qualified to serve on the Board due to his experience as the Chief Executive Officer of a company of similar size in the region. The Company believes that Mr. Rupert's familiarity with the challenges and realities of running a public company are extremely valuable to the Board.




							J. Rich Alexander


					
							Mr. J. Rich Alexander is Independent Director of Calgon Carbon Corporation, since August 2009. Mr. Alexander is Chairman of the Board of Allnex S.A.R.L., a portfolio company of Advent International, a global private equity firm, where he has been an Operating Partner since February 2014. Allnex is a global specialty chemicals company that is a leader in the production of resins for paint and coatings and other industrial end uses. Prior to that, Mr. Alexander was an Executive Vice President of PPG Industries, Inc., a global diversified manufacturer. He retired from PPG Industries in March of 2013. Until his retirement, Mr. Alexander oversaw PPG Industries' architectural coatings, fiber glass and flat glass businesses and its corporate functions for marketing, purchasing and distribution. He was also a member of PPG Industries, Inc.'s executive and operating committees and Chairman of the Board of Pacific Fiber Glass Co. From August 2010 to September 2011, Mr. Alexander was Executive Vice President Performance Coatings and Glass for PPG Industries, Inc. Mr. Alexander served as Senior Vice President, Performance Coatings for PPG Industries, Inc. from April 2005 to August 2010. The Company believes that Mr. Alexander's qualifications to sit on the Board include his extensive global experience in the Asia Pacific region with a focus in China, his experience managing global multi-billion dollar business units (including major corporate transactions) and his current experience with a global private equity company. In addition, the Company values Mr. Alexander's recent experience as an executive officer and member of the executive committee of a manufacturing company in the chemical industry, which the Company believes is representative of the challenges and desires of its customer base.




							William Lyons


					
							Mr. William J. Lyons is Independent Director of Calgon Carbon Corporation, since August 2008. In March 2013, Mr. Lyons retired from CONSOL Energy Inc. (provider of coal and natural gas) and remained a consultant until December 2013. Until his retirement, he served as Chief Financial Officer of CONSOL Energy Inc. since December 2000 and Chief Financial Officer of CNX Gas Corporation (provider of natural gas) since April 2008. He added the title of Executive Vice President of CONSOL Energy Inc. in May 2005 and of CNX Gas Corporation in January 2009. He was also a director of CNX Gas Corporation from October 2005 to January 2009. In May 2013, Mr. Lyons became a director of Meritor, Inc., a truck industry supplier listed on the New York Stock Exchange. In 2013, Mr. Lyons served as the trustee of the 1974 United Mines Workers of America Pension Trust, which oversaw $4.5 billion in assets. Mr. Lyons was also a member of the Board of Directors of Duquesne University from July 2005 through June 2014. Mr. Lyons holds a Master of Science in Accounting and is a Certified Public Accountant and a Certified Management Accountant. The Company believes that Mr. Lyons' experience in the coal industry and his knowledge of natural gas resources and other commodities qualifies him to sit on the Board, given the importance of such primary raw materials to the Company's production. Mr. Lyons' financial acumen is also valuable to the Board.




							Louis Massimo


					
							Mr.Louis S. Massimois Independent Director of Calgon Carbon Corp since May 2013. Mr. Massimo served as the Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of Arch Chemicals, Inc., a global biocides company, where he was responsible for the company's businesses as well as its information technology and SAP functions, from May 2007 until September 2009. Prior to that, Mr. Massimo served as Arch Chemicals, Inc.'s Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, from February 2003 to May 2007 and as Vice President and Chief Financial Officer from February 1999 to February 2003. Concurrent with his role as Chief Financial Officer, he managed Arch Chemicals, Inc.'s HTH Water Products business. Mr. Massimo was nominated to the Board of Directors in 2013 in connection with the Company's execution of a Settlement Agreement dated March 11, 2013 with Starboard Value LP and certain of its affiliates. The Company believes Mr. Massimo's extensive experience in senior executive positions and managerial roles across a variety of industries provides invaluable oversight to the Board.




							William Newlin


					
							Mr. William R. Newlin is Independent Director of Calgon Carbon Corporation, since November 2005. Mr. Newlin has been the Chairman of Newlin Investment Company LLC, an investment company, since April 2007 and serves as a board member to several private technology companies. Prior thereto, he was the Executive Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer of Dick's Sporting Goods, Inc., a retailer. Prior to joining Dick's Sporting Goods, Inc., Mr. Newlin was Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Buchanan Ingersoll & Rooney PC, a national law firm. Mr. Newlin is the Chairman of Kennametal Inc., a tooling, engineered components and advanced materials supplier listed on the New York Stock Exchange, and Lead Director of Meritor, Inc., a truck industry supplier listed on the New York Stock Exchange. The Company believes Mr. Newlin's qualifications to sit on the Board include his extensive experiences in major corporate transactions, his deep executive leadership and management experience with public and private companies, his years of experience providing strategic advice to complex organizations as a counselor and member of numerous boards of directors and his business and corporate legal acumen.




							John Paro


					
							Mr. John J. Paro has been appointed as Independent Director of Calgon Carbon Corporation with effect from August 5, 2013. Since 2009 Mr. Paro has served as Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of the HallStar Company (HallStar), a privately held specialty chemical company. HallStar provides innovative chemistry-based solutions for the personal care and industrial markets to customers in 50 countries across six continents. Following an eight-year tenure with FMC Corporation, where he held sales and marketing positions, John joined HallStar in 1986 as a Marketing Manager. During his career there he has held positions of increasing responsibility including, Vice President, Sales and Marketing and Chief Operating Officer. He was elected President and Chief Executive Officer in 2006 and Chairman in 2009. John's leadership at HallStar has been marked by sweeping change and dynamic growth in both sales and profitability. He led the transformation of HallStar from an industrial chemical distributor to a specialty chemical producer, divesting the company's chemical distribution business and acquiring two personal care companies. He further strengthened HallStar's position in the specialty chemical space through the acquisition of four businesses in the personal care and industrial sectors. John serves on the Board of the American Chemistry Council (ACC) and is a member of its Executive Committee. He also chairs the Small and Medium Business Enterprise Committee of the ACC. John earned a B.A. in Chemistry from Bucknell University and an MBA from the University of Chicago.




							Julie Roberts


					
							Ms. Julie S. Roberts is Independent Director of Calgon Carbon Corporation, since July 2000. Ms. Roberts has been Founder and President of JSRoberts Consulting, LLC, which provides CFO services and financial consulting to public and private organizations on a project, part-time or temporary basis, since July 2009. She retired in February of 2010 from Marriott International, Inc., a hospitality company, where she served as Vice President Finance, Global Finance Transformation since March 2005. Prior thereto, she was Chief Financial Officer of Marriott ExecuStay, a division of Marriott. Ms. Roberts joined Marriott after many years at USAirways where she was Vice President and Assistant to the Chairman, Vice President Reservations and Vice President Strategic and Financial Planning. In addition to her role with the Company, Ms. Roberts sits on the Board of Trustees of a Fortune 400 Family Trust ($1B) in New York, New York and Wilmington, Delaware. The Company believes that Ms. Roberts is qualified to sit on the Board in light of her many years of experience as a financial executive of two major publically traded corporations, including several years as a CFO of a subsidiary of one of the companies. The Company also values Ms. Roberts' many years of experience as an audit committee member of two publically traded companies and experience as audit committee chair and governance committee chair.




							Donald Templin


					
							Mr.Donald C. Templin has been Independent Director of Calgon Carbon Corp since May 2013. Mr. Templin has been the Executive Vice President, Supply, Transportation and Marketing of Marathon Petroleum Corporation, an oil refining and transportation fuels marketing company, since March 2015, and the Executive Vice President of MPLX LP, a crude oil and refined products pipeline master limited partnership, since March 2015. Mr. Templin has also served as a Director of MPLX LP since June 2012. Prior thereto, Mr. Templin was Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Marathon Petroleum Corporation from June 2011 to March 2015 and the Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of MPLX LP from June 2012 to March 2015. Mr. Templin was the managing partner of the Audit Practice for PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, a registered public accounting firm, in Georgia, Alabama and Tennessee from 2009 to 2011, and in various audit partner and leadership roles since 1996. While at PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, Mr. Templin had more than 25 years of experience providing auditing and advisory services to a wide variety of public companies. Mr. Templin formerly served as the Managing Partner of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP in Kazakhstan and also participated in the International Service Program in PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP's World Office in London, England. Mr. Templin was nominated to the Board of Directors in 2013 in connection with the Company's execution of a Settlement Agreement dated March 11, 2013 with Starboard Value LP and certain of its affiliates. The Company believes that Mr. Templin's qualifications to sit on the Board include his extensive global experience and his financial acumen gained through serving a variety of multinational and public companies.











					Basic Compensation





Name
Fiscal Year Total




							Randall Dearth

1,842,380




							Robert Fortwangler

--




							James Coccagno

374,049




							Stevan Schott

723,420




							Chad Whalen

--




							Timothy Rupert

--




							J. Rich Alexander

--




							William Lyons

--




							Louis Massimo

--




							William Newlin

--




							John Paro

--




							Julie Roberts

--




							Donald Templin

--



As Of 
30 Dec 2014





					Options Compensation





Name
Options
Value




							Randall Dearth

0
0




							Robert Fortwangler

0
0




							James Coccagno

0
0




							Stevan Schott

0
0




							Chad Whalen

0
0




							Timothy Rupert

0
0




							J. Rich Alexander

0
0




							William Lyons

0
0




							Louis Massimo

0
0




							William Newlin

0
0




							John Paro

0
0




							Julie Roberts

0
0




							Donald Templin

0
0









					Insider Trading












Name
Shares Traded
Price


Alexander (J Richard)
5,251
$14.25


Coccagno James Andrew
130
$13.69


Schott (Stevan R)
406
$13.69


Coccagno James Andrew
130
$13.69


Nolder (Steven D)
172
$13.69


Dearth (Randall S)
1,416
$13.69


Fortwangler (Robert M)
125
$13.69


Lyons (William J)
6,093
$0.00


Newlin (William R)
6,093
$0.00


Paro (John Joseph)
6,093
$0.00


Rupert (Timothy G)
6,093
$0.00


Massimo (Louis S)
6,093
$0.00


Alexander (J Richard)
6,093
$0.00


Templin (Donald C)
6,093
$0.00


Roberts (Julie S)
6,093
$0.00


Coccagno James Andrew
4,175
$0.00


Fortwangler (Robert M)
3,027
$0.00


Dearth (Randall S)
17,484
$0.00


Whalen (Chad)
3,392
$0.00


Nolder (Steven D)
2,942
$0.00


Schott (Stevan R)
5,080
$0.00


Nolder (Steven D)
334
$14.83


Coccagno James Andrew
661
$14.83


Schott (Stevan R)
612
$14.83


Schott (Stevan R)
499
$14.83




» Full list on Insider Trading
















Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerMarket DataBasic MaterialsCommodity Chemicals




















