    Emily Decker | BUFFALO WILD WINGS INC | ZoomInfo.com










 



Emily C Decker Profiles | Facebook

FacebookEmail or PhonePasswordForgot account?English (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017






















Emily  Decker in          Slidell, LA
    | Intelius






















Sign In




People Search
Background Check
Criminal Records
Reverse Lookup
Employee Screening
Identity Protection
Intelius Premier




Reverse Lookup
People Search






We did not find Emily  Decker in          Slidell, LA
   


         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.














Emily C Decker - Bath, NY | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Emily C Decker in Bath, NY


Emily C Decker

                                                                                       Intelius found that Emily C Decker  is  a female between 60 and 70 years old from Bath, NY.  We have connected them to
                4 addresses,
                1 phone,
                and 3 relatives or associates.
         






Get Report Now

Age

Emily C Decker is in her 60s

Emily Has Lived In

Bath, NY

Emily's Relatives

Eric Decker
William Decker
Matthew Decker







Emily C Decker



Zodiac SignLibra



GenderFemale



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Emily? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Emily, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Emily C Decker
Get a Criminal Check on Emily C Decker
Get a Public Record Report on Emily C Decker
Get a People Search Report on Emily C Decker


Emily C Decker's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Emily C Decker has lived as well as Emily C Decker's phone numbers and email addresses.




Emily C Decker Has Lived in 1 States
New York Address for Emily C Decker


3 R* 

Bath, NY


Has Lived In

Bath, NY


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Emily C Decker

(607) ***-**** - Bath, NY 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Emily C Decker



Get Email Report




Emily C Decker's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Emily C Decker


Emily C Decker's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Emily C Decker's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Emily Decker
Username Matches

                  EmilyDecker
                  DeckerEmily
                  Emily.Decker
                  Decker.Emily
                  Emily_Decker
                  Decker_Emily
                  Emily-Decker
                  Decker-Emily
                  EDecker
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
E Decker







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.











Forbes WelcomeCLOSE   More Options   Quote of the Day  Develop a curiosity overload. Kevin Harrington, Entrepreneur    


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














Emily C. Decker - Senior Vice President, General Counsel & Secretary at Buffalo Wild Wings, Inc.



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Emily C. Decker
Senior Vice President, General Counsel & Secretary at Buffalo Wild Wings, Inc.



Overview
In The News Relationships Paths
Career History Public Holdings 


Emily C. Decker
Senior Vice President, General Counsel & Secretary at Buffalo Wild Wings, Inc.



 Overview



Age



37
                                  (Born 1980)
                                              




Notable Companies


Buffalo Wild Wings, Inc.




Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 71 people.
              






 In The News
          See more




PR Newswire
June 15, 2017





                        Buffalo Wild Wings Community Day Raises Record-Breaking Amount for Local Boys & Girls Clubs                    





Business Wire
April 6, 2017





                        Buffalo Wild Wings Hosts Community Day on April 19, Invites Guests to Help Raise Funds for Local Boys & Girls Clubs                    





Minneapolis / St. Paul Business Journal
April 24, 2015





                        Corporate Counsel 2015: Emily Decker, Buffalo Wild Wings Inc.                    







 Relationships
              See Details




Sally J. Smith

Chief Executive Officer at Buffalo Wild Wings, Inc.




T. Michael Ansley

Founder at Buffalo Wild Wings, Inc.





Mary J. Twinem

Former Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer, Executive Vice President & Head, Investor Relations at Buffalo Wild Wings, Inc.




Heather Pribyl

Head-Investor Relations at Buffalo Wild Wings, Inc.





James M. Schmidt

Chief Operating Officer at Buffalo Wild Wings, Inc.




Alexander Ware

Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer & Treasurer at Buffalo Wild Wings, Inc.





Heather Leiferman

Director-Public Relations at Buffalo Wild Wings, Inc.




Santiago M. Abraham

Chief Information Officer at Buffalo Wild Wings, Inc.





Lee R. Patterson

Senior Vice President, Brand, Strategy & Business Development at Buffalo Wild Wings, Inc.




Andrew D. Block

Senior Vice President, Talent Management Services at Buffalo Wild Wings, Inc.







See 61 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 61 More 


 


 Paths to Emily C. Decker



            Emily C. Decker          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Emily C. Decker






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Emily C. Decker.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Career History



Senior Vice President, General Counsel & Secretary

                                    2007 - Current                


Buffalo Wild Wings, Inc.


                  Buffalo Wild Wings, Inc. owns, operates and franchises restaurants. The company's restaurants feature a variety of menu items, including its Buffalo, New York-style chicken wings spun in one of its signature sauces from sweet to screamin' hot, Sweet BBQ, Teriyaki, Mild, Parmesan Garlic, Medium, Honey BBQ, Spicy Garlic, Jammin' Jalapeno, Asian Zing, Caribbean Jerk, Thai Curry, Hot BBQ, Hot, Mango Habanero, Wild and Blazin, signature seasonings, including Buffalo, Desert Heat, Chipotle BBQ, and Salt and Vinegar, a wide variety of food items, including Sharable appetizers, Wild Flatbreads, specialty hamburgers and sandwiches, wraps, Buffalito soft tacos, and salads, and a full bar, which offers an extensive selection of domestic, imported, and craft beers on tap, as well as bottled beers, wine and liquor. It also provides an Under Menu option for kids. The company was founded by Jim Disbrow and Scott Lowery in 1982 and is headquartered in Minneapolis, MN.                




Associate

                                    2004 - 2007                


Briggs & Morgan PA


                  Briggs and Morgan, a prominent Midwest law firm serving clients across the United States, has a long and strong history representing organizations and individuals in civil law matters. They serve a broad range of clients including multinational corporations, business start-ups, commercial enterprises, nonprofit educational and charitable institutions, utilities, governmental agencies, public bodies and individuals. The firm has offices in Minneapolis and St. Paul. 

Briggs is a founding member of Lex Mundi, the world's leading association of independent law firms. The Lex Mundi network enhances the ability of members to serve their clients in the global market, and today includes more than 160 independent law firms in more than 150 countries, states and provinces.                





 Public Holdings






Restricted data only for RelSci Professional users.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Other Affiliations




              Emily C. Decker is affiliated with
                            Buffalo Wild Wings, Inc., Briggs & Morgan PA.
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤













