



sharondecker




































需要安全验证




Facebook加入或登录 Facebook   邮箱或手机号密码忘记帐户？登录想加入 Facebook 吗？注册注册安全验证码请输入以下文本看不清楚上面的文字？换一个或播放语音验证信息框中文字：这是什么？安全验证这是一个标准的安全测试，用于阻止垃圾邮件制造者创建假帐户并向用户发送垃圾信息。提交中文(简体)English (US)日本語한국어Français (France)Bahasa IndonesiaPolskiEspañolPortuguês (Brasil)DeutschItalianoMessengerFacebook Lite用户地点游戏位置名人二手市场小组食谱彩色气球Instagram公司简介创建广告创建主页开发者招聘信息隐私权政策Cookie广告选项条款设置活动日志 Facebook © 2017


 


Sharon Decker | Professional Profile
 


























 









LinkedIn



















































Main content starts below.




Sharon DeckerSr. Product Specialist at Applied SystemsLocationGreater Chicago AreaIndustryComputer SoftwareCurrentApplied Systems219 connectionsView Sharon’s full profile. It's free!Your colleagues, classmates, and 500 million other professionals are on LinkedIn.View Sharon’s Full ProfileExperienceSr. Product SpecialistApplied SystemsOctober 1984  –  Present (32 years 10 months)SkillsProperty & Casualty InsuranceSaaSSoftware DocumentationBusiness AnalysisInsuranceAgile MethodologiesSDLCProcess ImprovementSharePointVB.NETProject ManagementIntegrationIT StrategySoftware DevelopmentRequirements AnalysisEnterprise ArchitectureRequirements GatheringSoftware ImplementationVendor ManagementHow's this translation?Great•Has errorsThanks for your help!Volunteer Experience & CausesCauses Sharon cares about:Animal WelfareChildrenGroupsApplied Client NetworkInsurance Technology Forum - Applied SystemsIVANS Insurance Solutions P&C CommunityAUGIE - Associations & User Group Information ExchangeView Sharon’s full profile to...See who you know in commonGet introducedContact Sharon directlyView Sharon’s Full ProfileNot the Sharon you’re looking for? View moreView this profile in another languageEnglishGermanPeople Also ViewedMichelle PegueroClient Service Manager II of Fine Art at Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.Bernadine BoissonAVP, IT Operations Manager - US at Christie'sRoger YoungIT analystMonique ThomasStructured Finance Analyst at U.S. BankRobert SajdakAssistant General Counsel, Compliance at HUB InternationalDawn CammaratoSenior Strategic Planning Analyst at Selective InsuranceKrista CurryConsultant at Applied SystemsDiane JacobowitzExecutive/Artistic Director, DancewaveAlice MunizOutside Plant Engineer at Blue Ridge CommunicationsDiana CadoganDirector, NMDC IncorporatedPublic profile badgeInclude this LinkedIn profile on other websitesView profile badgesFind a different Sharon DeckerFirst NameLast NameExample:  Sharon DeckerSharon DeckerUnited StatesSharon DeckerSenior Manager, Technology Training and Development at Ropes & Gray LLPUnited StatesSharon DeckerRegional Vice President at Arbonne InternationalUnited StatesSharon DeckerSales Associate at RE/MAX ResultsUnited StatesSharon DeckerS2S Performance Consulting - Successfully increasing sales while enhancing your customer's experience!United StatesMore professionals named Sharon DeckerLinkedIn member directory:abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyzmoreBrowse members by country




















• Decker Sharon • Albany • California •                      USA   Childcare Services  LoginRegisterLogin with Facebook         D Decker Sharon    Not evaluated yet  Evaluate     907 Key Route Blvd, Albany, California, 94706-2121    About Us     DECKER SHARON | Albany  |  Add to My list Added        Companies  Products      Search companies…  







  Edit Decker Sharon    907 Key Route Blvd, 94706-2121   Albany, California    Childcare Services therapytherapeutic massagetherapeuticSharon       







  Top Businesses         State of Illinois Child Development Center       Sharon R Peterson, LCSW-C (Outpatient Psychotherapy)       Raintree Pet Resort + Medical Center       Children's Carousel Learning & Day Care       Royalton Kennels   







   Evaluations of Decker Sharon:        To evaluate this company please Login or Register    Statistics:10times viewed18times listed   Keywords: Family & Community, Children and Child care, Childcare Services, therapy, therapeutic massage, therapeutic, Sharon, physical therapy, physical, Massage, Decker, day & health spas, day, beauty, Family & Community Albany, Children and Child care Albany, Childcare Services Albany, therapy Albany, therapeutic massage Albany, therapeutic Albany, Sharon Albany, physical therapy Albany, physical Albany, Massage Albany, Decker Albany, day & health spas Albany, day Albany, beauty Albany Decker Sharon - Albany - California   







id0310004404003 Related Content for: Decker Sharon    Sharon A. Decker Obituary: View Sharon Decker's Obituary by ... Decker, Sharon A. Livonia: Suddenly,October 8, 2011 at age 56 years. Survived by her husband, Ted Decker; children, Robert Buck (Michelle Gillespie) of SC, Kristy ...      DECKER Genealogy - WikiTree - Collaborative Family Tree DECKER directory on WikiTree, the free collaborative family tree.      Decker Journey Descendants of James Franklin Decker (b.1864), arrived the Midland Michigan area from New York circa 1890; son of Samuel I Decker.      Mary Decker - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia Mary Slaney (born Mary Teresa Decker August 4, 1958, Bunnvale, Hunterdon County, New Jersey) is an American former track athlete. During her career, she won gold ...      By Sharyn L. Decker « Lewis County Sirens.com By Sharyn L. Decker Lewis County Sirens news reporter. CHEHALIS – Anyone out there missing a grandmother? A cousin? Maybe a great uncle? More than a dozen ...      Decker Information - Docstoc – Documents, Templates, Forms ... Oct 30, 2010 · A Decker address Afghanistan AberdeenA. Decker arrest Africa Abu DhabiAADAN Decker ...      Decker Family Genealogy Forum (All Messages) - GenForum - Home Return to Main Page | Page Listings. Jacob Decker 1797 - 1841 New York - Denise Blaisdell-Rose 6/19/12. RE: S.W. Decker family - cathy frampus 5/16/12      Amazon.com: The Ritual Bath (Peter Decker & Rina Lazarus … Like the series it inspired, Kellerman's award-winning 1986 debut novel combines police procedure, via hard-boiled LAPD detective Peter Decker, with Judaic rites and ...      Sharon to Demonstrate at the Best Bead Show Tucson 2012 Wednesday, Feb. 1 3 PM - 5 PM Saturday, Feb. 4 1 PM - 3 PM . If you have questions for Sharon and want to see her demo something, come to the Best Bead Show in …      List of Star Trek characters (A–F) - Wikipedia, the free ... This article lists characters of Star Trek in their various canonical incarnations. This includes fictional major characters and fictional minor characters created ...      DECKER - Census Data Research Online :: Browse By Last Name BROWSING LAST NAME = 'DECKER' Select a First Name to Search. AARON DECKER Matches: 138, 0.002420%: ABBEY DECKER Matches: 2, 0.000040%: ABBIE DECKER …      PSYCHIC TAROT INSIGHTS: BETHANY DECKER Mar 08, 2011 · Bethany Decker Police in Virginia have questioned a U.S. soldier stationed in Afghanistan about the mysterious disappearance of his pregnant wife just …      HorseSportsPhotography.com Professional photographer who also has a lifetime of experience with horses including the horse in sports offers portraits, sales photography, farm/stable calls ...      Hero Mom, Stephanie Decker, Loses Legs Saving Kids From … From Yahoo!: Stephanie Decker Stayed Conscious: 'I Had to Figure Out What to Do"      Black & Decker SpaceMaker ODC440B 12-Cup Coffee Maker … Free Black & Decker SpaceMaker ODC440B 12-Cup Coffee Maker troubleshooting, support & solutions. Get help from top Black & Decker Coffee and Espresso Maker …      Hero Mom, Stephanie Decker, Loses Legs Saving Kids From … Mar 05, 2012 · As the sky glowered black and Stephanie Decker felt the monster tornado begin to suck her house into its vortex, she knew it would not hold and she had …      Brooklyn Decker Not 'Expecting' Any… 01.05.2012 · Brooklyn Decker is enjoying the movie world and although she played a pregnant woman in the upcoming, "What To Expect When You're Expecting," she's not ...      Hero Mom, Stephanie Decker, Loses Legs… From Yahoo!: Stephanie Decker Stayed Conscious: 'I Had to Figure Out What to Do"      Black & Decker SpaceMaker ODC440B 12-Cup… Free Black & Decker SpaceMaker ODC440B 12-Cup Coffee Maker troubleshooting, support & solutions. Get help from top Black & Decker Coffee and Espresso Maker experts on ...      Hero Mom, Stephanie Decker, Loses Legs… 05.03.2012 · As the sky glowered black and Stephanie Decker felt the monster tornado begin to suck her house into its vortex, she knew it would not hold and she had no ...     Decker Sharon907 Key Route Blvd94706-2121AlbanyCalifornia     About TuugoToSPrivacy PolicyFAQMobileTranslate TuugoSite MapBlog0.0472109317779544Copyright 2009 - 2017 Tuugo  


    Companies in Family & Community, Children and Child care, Childcare Services USA               Companies in Family & Community, Children and Child care, Childcare Services USA LoginRegisterLogin with Facebook www.tuugo.us    Companies  Products      Hotels, New York    Search in:  Childcare Services          CompaniesProducts +Publish for free Promote your Ad   Home   Family & Community 














Agriculture, Fishing & Forestry
(53,781)


Apparel & Accessories
(57,810)


Art, Entertainment & Media
(71,579)


Automotive
(69,308)


Construction & Renovation
(113,110)


Education
(82,309)


Family & Community
(35,306)


Finance & Legal
(133,832)


Food & Beverages
(42,171)


Health & Medicine
(122,302)


Home & Garden
(154,035)


Industrial Supplies & Services
(68,829)


Personal Care
(41,000)


Public utilities & Environment
(11,602)


Real Estate & Insurance
(110,446)


Shopping & Speciality Stores
(35,338)


Sports & Recreation
(28,629)


Technology
(54,936)


Transportation
(126,161)


Travel & Lodging
(28,177)




   Children and Child care 














Children and Child care
(10,912)


Community Services & Organizations Business
(10,803)


Pet Services
(12,192)


Pet Supplies
(1,284)




   Childcare Services 














Adoption Agencies & Services
(601)


Baby Accessories
(51)


Baby Diaper Service
(1)


Baby Foods
(3)


Baby Furniture Stores
(116)


Babysitters
(39)


Breastfeeding Supplies & Information
(82)


Child Care Equipment & Supplies
(2,598)


Childcare Services
(5,854)


Children Furnishing
(1)


Children's Clothing
(1,323)


Children's Service & Activity Information
(13)


Diapers
(63)


Maternity Clothes
(125)


Prenatal Classes & Exercises
(4)




     Sort byBest RatedMost recentDistance Filtered By Family & Communityx Children and Child carex Childcare Servicesx  By State  Alabama  Alaska  Arizona  Arkansas  California  Colorado  Connecticut  Delaware  Florida  Georgia  Hawaii  Idaho  Illinois  Indiana  Iowa  Kansas  Kentucky  Louisiana  Maine  Maryland  Massachusetts  Michigan  Minnesota  Mississippi  Missouri  Montana  Nebraska  Nevada  New Hampshire  New Jersey  New Mexico  New York  North Carolina  North Dakota  Ohio  Oklahoma  Oregon  Pennsylvania  Rhode Island  South Carolina  South Dakota  Tennessee  Texas  Utah  Vermont  Virginia  Washington  West Virginia  Wisconsin  Wyoming   







 







        Not evaluated yet  Add to My list Added      Kiddie Kollege Preschool     1919 N Lee Ave | 79761 Odessa     -  Texas     See phone loading...  432-332-6315      See fax loading... 432-332-6330         Contact         Preschool           Not evaluated yet  Add to My list Added      Sonlight Child Learning Center     3993 E Church Street | 16314 Cochranton     -  Pennsylvania     See phone loading...  (814) 425-2013             Contact         Child Care Center, Early Learning Center, Pre-school, After School Care, Daycare Center           Not evaluated yet  Add to My list Added      The PlaySpace     3206 Collinsworth St. | 76107 Fort Worth     -  Texas     See phone loading...  817-708-2885             Contact         Daycare, Playcare, Childcare, Playcare Fort Worth, Daycare in Fort Worth           Not evaluated yet  Add to My list Added      Apple Montessori Schools - Wayne     25 Nevins Rd | 07470 Wayne     -  New Jersey     See phone loading...  (973) 696-9750             Contact         Preschool, Daycare, Pre-K, Private School, Montessori School, Childcare, Day Care, Child Care           Not evaluated yet  Add to My list Added      Evolution Enrichment Center     38 Delancey St #2 | 10002 New York     -  New York     See phone loading...  212-375-9500      See fax loading... 212-375-9555         Contact         Preschool, Child Care, Daycare, After-school Program, Summer Camps           Not evaluated yet  Add to My list Added      Wright's Wonderland Day Care     7815 Tidewater Trail | 33619 Tampa     -  Florida     See phone loading...  813-635-0077             Contact         Child Care, Day Care, Preschool           Not evaluated yet  Add to My list Added      Spanish Schoolhouse     2910 Mills Branch Rd | 77345 Houston     -  Texas     See phone loading...  (832) 919-7080             Contact         Preschool, pre kindergarten, Language School, Private School      A     Not evaluated yet  Add to My list Added      AT INDABA     2800 E Madison St #208, Seattle | 98112 Seatle     -  Washington     See phone loading...  2068603133      See mobile loading... 2068603133         Contact         supervised child centers, child visitation, Child Custody, child centers           Not evaluated yet  Add to My list Added      Diran & Grey Attorneys at Law     551 Stockton Avenue | 95126 San Jose     -  California   Contact         Attorney           Not evaluated yet  Add to My list Added      Sleeping Well Consulting     200 Courtland Place | 28801 Ashville     -  New York     See phone loading...  828-242-1427             Contact         Baby Sleep Well, baby sleep specialist           Not evaluated yet  Add to My list Added      Wilder's Preparatory Academy Charter     830 North La Brea Avenue | 90302 Inglewood     -  California     See phone loading...  310-671-5578             Contact  See products         Charter School, Preparatory School, Middle School, Elementary School, Childcare, Children, Kids, Young Children      N     Not evaluated yet  Add to My list Added      Nehemiah's Builders     811 Eastway Dr | 28205 Charlotte     -  North Carolina     See phone loading...  980-237-6933             Contact         Daycare Childcare      B     Not evaluated yet  Add to My list Added      Baby stroller trend     3007 Geraldine Lane   Manhattan     -  New York   Contact         best baby stroller           Not evaluated yet  Add to My list Added      SpecialCare4SpecialKids     16458 Bolsa Chica St, Suite #117 | 92649 Huntington Beach     -  California     See phone loading...  (714) 235-9252             Contact         Special Needs Resources, Parent Resources, Autism Resources, Special Needs Directory           Not evaluated yet  Add to My list Added      Mobile Queue Technologies, Inc.     3210 264th Ave NE Redmond, WA 98053 | 98053 Redmond     -  Washington     See phone loading...  425-224-6336             Contact         childcare management software, Daycare Software, Preschool Management Software, child care management services, childcare software      W     Not evaluated yet  Add to My list Added      WeeCareDayCare     4940 Profit Way, Dayton | 45414 Dayton     -  Ohio     See phone loading...  937-219-9190             Contact         Child & Day Care  Child Care           Not evaluated yet  Add to My list Added      Pride & Joy Child Care     55 Finn Rd Building: 1 | 14467 Henrietta     -  New York     See phone loading...  (585) 321-1151      See fax loading... (585) 321-1479         Contact         Day Care, Child Care, Learning Center, Kindergarten, Preschool, Infant care, Education, Infants           Not evaluated yet  Add to My list Added      Murphy Canyon Preschool     5150 Murphy Canyon Rd #105 | 92123 San Diego     -  California     See phone loading...  (858) 279-5437             Contact         Preschool, Daycare, Nursery School, Child Care Provider, Day Care Center, Childcare, Child Care Center, School           Not evaluated yet  Add to My list Added      Aegis Preschool and Daycare     2864 Sable Oaks Way | 94568 Dublin     -  California     See phone loading...  925-556-5400             Contact         family day care, Care And Education, Child Care Management, Young Children Care, Daycare, Learning Environment, Preschool, Kindergarten           Not evaluated yet  Add to My list Added      Lice Removal Therapy-- Los Angeles & Orange County     10921 Wilshire Blvd, Los Angeles CA 90024 | 90024 Los Angeles     -  California     See phone loading...  800-858-1195             Contact  See products         head lice treatment, Child Health Care, School Certificated Provided, 14-Days Guarantee      C     Not evaluated yet  Add to My list Added      Cozy Corner Child Care Center     4819 Lapeer Road | 48074 Kimball     -  Michigan     See phone loading...  810-984-8440             Contact         day care  childcare  education           Not evaluated yet  Add to My list Added      Kids R Kids of McKinney     2910 West Eldorado Parkway | 75070 Mckinney     -  Texas     See phone loading...  (972) 540-1600      See fax loading... (972) 548-0886         Contact         Preschool, Daycare, Childcare, Child Care Center, School, Private School, Pre-K, pre kindergarten           Not evaluated yet  Add to My list Added      On My Way Preschool & Daycare     5971 S 1900 W | 84067 Roy     -  Utah     See phone loading...  (801) 776-3880             Contact         Child Care, Day Care, Daycare, Preschool, all ages daycare      K     Not evaluated yet  Add to My list Added      Kids Kourt 2     2900 N 14th Street | 68521 Lincoln     -  Nebraska     See phone loading...  402-435-3756             Contact         Child & Day Care  Child Care      K     Not evaluated yet  Add to My list Added      Kids Kastle Child Development Center     420 Monticello St. | 42501 Somerset     -  Kentucky     See phone loading...  606-678-7529             Contact         Child Development Centers  Chi  







  12345678910 Next       Companies  Products      Hotels, New York    Search in:  Childcare Services      About TuugoToSPrivacy PolicyFAQMobileTranslate TuugoSite MapBlogTuugo Language:  AfrikaansBahasa IndonesiaBahasa MelayuDanskDeutschEnglishEspañolFrançaisItalianoMagyarNederlandsPolskiPortuguêsRomânăSvenskaTiếng ViệtČeštinaΕλληνικάРусскийУкраїнськаภาษาไทย中文 (简写)日本語한국말 0.0990071296691894 Copyright 2009 - 2017 Tuugo 


    

	Home



































Javascript is required to use arbonne.com. Please enable Javascript in your web browser settings.Do korzystania ze strony arbonne.pl wymagany jest język Javascript, który możesz aktywować w ustawieniach swojej wyszukiwarki internetowej.










Catalogue




Customer Service




Reward Programs




About Arbonne




Your Independent Consultant:







Sharon Decker


Decker Sharon


View Profile














Login






Your Account



Account Management


View Order History


Manage Arbonne Autoship Orders


Upgrade Your Arbonne Account







Join Arbonne




Shop Arbonne




Country/Language





Shopping Bag






























 PUB-HOME













































































It’s not just what we put in our products that makes them superior. It’s what we choose to formulate without. We integrate the most beneficial botanical ingredients from nature with the principles of green chemistry — we craft products with integrity, expertise and innovation. And we do it responsibly, taking care of our earth at the same time.








Botanically inspired skincare collections clinically tested to reduce the signs of aging.
Skincare








Plant-powered nutritional products that provide all the nutrients you need with high-quality formulas.
Nutrition







Our makeup is about bringing out the confidence and radiance within by enhancing your best traits.
Makeup












pure, safe, beneficial™
We believe in it. We live by it. We've been living by it for over 36 years, continuously improving and re-evaluating our policies and ingredients.
View our Ingredient Philosophy








Save 40%
Exclusively for Preferred Clients
NEW! Arbonne Intelligence® Genius Ultra
See all Special Value Packs






Sign up for the Preferred Client program and get Free Shipping
Learn More







Sign up for the Preferred Client program and get Free Shipping
Learn More






Bestsellers
Shop Now














Are you ready to create the life you’ve imagined?
Start your own Arbonne business and design a future as unique as you are.
Learn More








Arbonne Charitable Foundation®
The Arbonne Charitable Foundation helps teenage girls and boys develop the confidence to realize their true potential and reach for their dreams.
arbonnefoundation.org




Arbonne Charitable Foundation®
The Arbonne Charitable Foundation helps teenage girls and boys develop the confidence to realize their true potential and reach for their dreams.
arbonnefoundation.org







Join the Conversation
#arbonne















Read More Link



 PUB-BUYNOW-MODALS




 







                                    You're a Genius!
                            

                                Enter your email to get started.
                            

EMAIL ADDRESS


OK




                RE9 Advanced® Lifting and Contouring Eye Cream used with the Genius Ultra for one minute. Waited 15 minutes before and after.
                







                            Welcome back!
                        

                            You're on your way to more radiant, youthful-looking skin with this game-changing Genius Ultra skincare set.
                        






PASSWORD


Sign in






















                               There seems to be an issue.No worries, Customer Service to the rescue!
                               Give us a call and we'll figure this out together.
                            



                                1.800.ARBONNE
                            






Please enter your Preferred Client password and we'll get this right to you.
Please enter your password and we'll get this right to you.
Please enter your password and we'll get this right to you.
Please enter your password and we'll get this right to you.
The password you entered was not recognized
Please enter a valid email address
































Login


























Sharon A. Decker - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Sharon A. Decker
Board Member at Coca-Cola Bottling Co. Consolidated


View Full Profile
Are you Sharon A. Decker? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Sharon A. Decker's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Sharon A. Decker's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Sharon A. Decker's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Sharon A. Decker through your network of contacts.
												








Sharon A. Decker's Executive Work History


Current


Board Member, 
SCANA Corporation


Board Member, 
Coca-Cola Bottling Co. Consolidated


Past
To view Sharon A. Decker's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
60

 
 


Sharon A. Decker's Biography



Biographical Information
 
Mrs. Decker served as Senior Vice President of Strategic Initiatives for Tryon International Equestrian Center in Mill Spring, North Carolina, beginning in September 2015 until December 2015 when she was named Chief Operating Officer for Tryon Equestrian Partners Carolinas Operations. She currently serves in that capacity with responsibility for the Tryon International Equestrian Center, Tryon Resort and related Carolina-based businesses. Mrs. Decker had been President of NURAY Media, dba NURAY Digital, from January 2015 until August 2015, and served as the Secretary of Commerce for the State of North Carolina fro ...
(Read More)

			Biographical Information
 
Mrs. Decker served as Senior Vice President of Strategic Initiatives for Tryon International Equestrian Center in Mill Spring, North Carolina, beginning in September 2015 until December 2015 when she was named Chief Operating Officer for Tryon Equestrian Partners Carolinas Operations. She currently serves in that capacity with responsibility for the Tryon International Equestrian Center, Tryon Resort and related Carolina-based businesses. Mrs. Decker had been President of NURAY Media, dba NURAY Digital, from January 2015 until August 2015, and served as the Secretary of Commerce for the State of North Carolina from January 2013 until December 2014. Mrs. Decker was the founder and principal of The Tapestry Group, a faith-based, non-profit organization, located in Rutherfordton, North Carolina, from August 2004 until January 2013. Mrs. Decker previously served as President of Tanner Holdings, LLC and Doncaster, apparel manufacturers, from August 1999 until September 2004. Mrs. Decker is a director of Coca-Cola Bottling Company Consolidated, Inc. in Charlotte, North Carolina. She also served as a director of Family Dollar Stores, Inc., in Charlotte, North Carolina, until June 2015. She previously served as a Director of our Company from 2005 until April 2013, when she resigned to become North Carolina's Secretary of Commerce.
 
Experience and Qualifications
 
Mrs. Decker's prior service on our Board and various committees of the Board provide her with experience relative to our operations and initiatives. Mrs. Decker's service as Secretary of Commerce for the State of North Carolina provided her with economic development experience, as well as experience dealing with various aspects of government, including working with the executive and legislative branches of state government. Her executive-level experience, along with her experience serving on the boards of two other public companies, prepared her well to offer our Board and management insights on various aspects of corporate operations. Prior to first joining our Board in 2003, Mrs. Decker served as an executive officer of another public utility. Her role there focused on residential service matters and implementation of demand side management programs, both extremely important to our Company's future success.
		
Source: SCANA Corporation on 03/20/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Sharon A. Decker's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Sharon A. Decker. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Sharon A. Decker's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Sharon A. Decker's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Sharon A. Decker through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Sharon A. Decker


















Sharon A. Decker's Connections (106)





Sign up now to view Sharon A. Decker's 106 connections »









Carl Ware
Former Executive Vice President, Public Affairs and Administration, The Coca-Cola Company









Alexander B. Cummings
Former Executive Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer, The Coca-Cola Company









James M. Micali
Lead Independent Director, Sonoco Products Company









Maceo K. Sloan
Board Member, SCANA Corporation









Mary A. Winston
Board Member, Dover Corporation









Pamela L. Davies
Board Member, Sonoco Products Company









David V. Singer
Board Member, Brunswick Corporation









Glenn A. Eisenberg
Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, Laboratory Corporation of America Holdings









D. Maybank Hagood
Board Member, SCANA Corporation









C. Ray Mayhall
Former Senior Vice President, Sales, Coca-Cola Bottling Co. Consolidated








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Jan Koum
Board Member, Facebook, Inc.









Philip L. Milstein
Board Member, The Marcus Corporation












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993













The Permatemps Contretemps











Fast CompanyNewsletterSubscribefast companyhomepagetechnologyleadershipentertainmentideasvideonewsco.Designhomepagecitiesgraphicsinnovation by designinteractiveproductspacescollectionsThe Most Innovative CompaniesThe top 50 companies in entertainment, media, sports, technology, and more.Most Creative PeopleMeet this year's inspiring leaders.Innovation By DesignA showcase for ingenious design solutions.Future of PhilanthropyInside The Changing World Of GivingWorld Changing IdeasNew workplaces, new food sources, new medicine—even an entirely new economic system.Work SmartThe apps, tips, tactics, and brain hacks to help you work smarter instead of harder.FastCo.Works StudioAn award-winning team of journalists, designers, and videographers who tell brand stories through Fast Company’s distinctive lens.Current IssueCurrent IssueSUBSCRIBEFollow us:advertisementadvertisement07.31.00 The Permatemps ContretempsIt is the dark side of Free Agent Nation. Here’s how the mix of Microsoft’s human-resources policies, unwilling temps, high-tech union organizers, and “permatemp” agents produced unintended consequences — and a cautionary tale.
By Ron Lieberlong ReadThe email message from Microsoft’s then-president seemed innocuous. Dated Wednesday, January 17, 1990 and addressed to Bill Gates and Steve Ballmer, among others, it explained the consequences of a recent altercation that pitted Microsoft against the Internal Revenue Service. The IRS had noticed that the company was employing lots of independent contractors for long periods of time and was not withholding taxes from their paychecks. Having determined that there were few differences in substance between what kind of work those contractors did and what kind of work Microsoft’s full-timers did, the IRS had forced the contractors to pay back taxes — some of which were covered by Microsoft — and had asked the company to change its policies so that all employees would be giving the government its fair share of their paychecks every two weeks.advertisementThe IRS had left it to Microsoft to decide how it would do that; by early January 1990, one option had emerged that seemed sensible: Ask the independent contractors to sign up with Seattle-area temp agencies and to have those agencies withhold taxes. The email message began by explaining the nuances of this practice to company managers: “First do not have your people just make all the freelancers temps. That should only happen in the cases where there is a clearly defined end date to a project and a firm commitment to let the person go when that project is completed.” Certain contractors who had been working on existing products that had longer timelines would be offered full-time jobs. “This is really the elimination of a long time cheat to hold down headcount,” the email continued. “Don’t try to go around it, we could have severe legal problems if this is not done according to the law.”That was in 1990. Today, that email seems prescient, since it resurfaced as a result of “severe legal problems”: a class-action lawsuit that a group of temp workers filed against Microsoft in 1992. But even that lawsuit didn’t stop Microsoft from employing long-term temps. Throughout the 1990s, Microsoft took on thousands of workers through local personnel agencies, certain that it had a right to employ contract workers — as long as those workers knew that an assignment at Microsoft did not include company benefits or guarantee full-time employment in the future.Those temps who did sign on to work at Microsoft often stayed for so long that they eventually developed a collective nickname: “permatemps.” Whoever coined the term must have had a sharp sense of irony. Legitimate free agents — the “temps” in “permatemps” — are deliberately impermanent. In a perfect world, they work whenever and wherever they want to work, and they pick up stakes and move on whenever the learning curve levels off or whenever a better deal comes along. But employees who are “permanently temporary” — the “permas” in “permatemps” — are looking for the opportunities that are afforded by a full-time job, including all of the fringe benefits that come with full-time status.To be a permatemp is to sit in the oxymoronic crosshairs of the new economy. You enjoy — or you suffer — the worst of both worlds. Free agents choose to work as independent contractors because they want to, because it gives them more leverage in the job market and more control over their lives. Permatemps work as not-so-independent contractors often because they feel as though they must. They’re stuck — or at least that’s how they feel. The ones who worked at Microsoft are case studies of the dark side of free agency, examples of how an experimental human-resources policy that was intended to encourage flexibility can have unintended consequences.Microsoft didn’t plan to serve as the setting for the new economy’s defining trial on the meaning and limits of free agency, but it has become just that. And the results of this experiment? None of the people involved in the temp controversy have gotten exactly what they wanted. Although Microsoft has grown and prospered, the lawsuit has generated lots of bad publicity and has lowered morale dramatically among the company’s temps, who have at times made up as much as 25% of Microsoft’s Seattle-area workforce. The temps may well end up as the beneficiaries of a lawsuit that awards them millions of dollars, but a judgment in their favor will have consequences too. Even if the workers do win the case, free agents may find themselves constrained in their ability to work on their own terms, and permatemps may still not land the full-time jobs that they want. Meanwhile, the courts have taken over the role of chief policy maker on matters that could not be settled by the talent market and by human-resources strategists.The cast of characters who live out this drama of the new-economy workplace include an unwilling full-time employee, an unwilling permatemp, two aspiring permatemp union organizers, a permatemp agency operator, and the head of the temp workers at Microsoft. Their stories — like the permatemp lawsuit, the advantages of free agency, and free agency’s dark side — are still evolving.advertisementSylvia Moestl: The Unwilling Full-TimerWhen Sylvia Moestl graduated from the University of North Carolina in 1989, she was an interdisciplinary-studies major with little background in technology. For several years after college, she traveled abroad and did volunteer work. She then returned home to Charlotte, where she found a temporary job at a Microsoft technical-support facility. After six months of hard work, a long evaluation process, and several interviews, she got an offer from Microsoft for a full-time position, making her one of 5 temps in her group of about 80 that the company hired. In 1994, Moestl pulled up stakes and moved to the Seattle area.For most young people with technology smarts in the pre-Internet 1990s, landing a full-time job at Microsoft would have been a chance-of-a-lifetime coup. But for Moestl, the full-time job soon became a daily reminder of the attraction of free agency. “I was always on the phone with people who had skills like mine, and who were making four times the money that I was making,” she says. Her new job did come with some Microsoft stock options — but not enough to make her feel either destined for riches or trapped by golden handcuffs. “Talking to all of those people on the outside got me completely in tune with the idea of moving on to do my own thing.”Moestl, now 32, undoubtedly would have made more money in the long run had she stuck with her full-time job and garnered even more stock options. But when she made her decision to quit her full-time job, she wasn’t thinking only about her income. She was looking for work that fit her interests, and she felt uncomfortably pigeonholed while she was working in the technical-support department at Microsoft.In the fall of 1995, Moestl left Microsoft to become a free agent. Over the course of the next four years, she did contract work on five different Microsoft projects, playing a number of different roles and honing a variety of skills.Even though Moestl hasn’t done temp work for Microsoft recently, her job experience at the company and her exposure to the permatemps controversy left her with a strong opinion about the lawsuit. “Just because someone wants a full-time job doesn’t mean that person is going to get one,” she says. “The market has ways of regulating situations like this. There are job opportunities elsewhere, and if people are unhappy, they should take advantage of those opportunities.”advertisementAs unsympathetic as Moestl is to the cause of the permatemps, the controversy has had a direct impact on her life. In February 2000, Microsoft announced a new permatemp policy: No temp worker would be allowed to stay at the company for more than a year without a break in service. In the wake of that announcement, many other local companies — and companies elsewhere around the country that have been tracking this high-profile case — decided to follow the practice to avoid becoming the next target of a class-action lawsuit.“Some large companies are trying to avoid hiring any contractors at all,” says Moestl. “And there are others who don’t want to risk giving a contractor longer projects to work on, because they’re afraid that they might be sued if contractors think that they’re doing full-time work for them. All of it directly affects my bottom line and my ability to choose the way that I want to work.”Barbara Judd: The Unwilling Permatemp Two years ago, accepting a temporary assignment at Microsoft seemed like a pretty good bet to Barbara Judd. An MBA, Judd, who was in her late forties at the time, was one of what would eventually become 60 temps who signed on to help the company develop a piece of software that was designed to compete with Intuit’s popular TurboTax program. What Judd really wanted was a full-time job at Microsoft; taking a temp position would at least get her foot in the door, she figured. “The company made it clear to us that there were no guarantees that the project would succeed,” she says. “But my take on temp work has always been that it’s a good way to prove yourself to an employer. Plus, it was a chance to work on a piece of software from the ground up. It’s always more exciting to build than it is to fix. I saw that job as a chance for me to be a pioneer.”One year later, Judd was still a temp and was still working on the same project. That was when she attended an annual meeting of the Institute of Management Accountants in Seattle — and inadvertently found out how at least one high-ranking Microsoft executive really felt about permatemps. Greg Maffei, then the chief financial officer of Microsoft, was the speaker at the summer event. At the end of his remarks, an audience member asked him about the company’s use of temps, and Maffei fired away. “We are very tough in hiring [full-time workers] in terms of standards, but we aren’t as tough on temps,” he said. “So you found that the quality of the temps is not as good as the quality of the full-time people.”Sitting in the audience, listening to Maffei’s remarks, Judd felt “like I was being punched in the stomach. I must have looked like it too. People kept whispering to me, ‘Are you okay? Are you okay?’ He was telling my peers that I wasn’t good.”advertisementThe incident not only made Judd uneasy; it also reminded her that she had some serious, unanswered questions about her future and about the role of permatemps at Microsoft. On one hand, she knew that it would be foolish for her to feel entitled, or even attached, to her job at Microsoft. The company had guaranteed her nothing except a specific wage and had told her explicitly that it could let her go at any moment. She made $32 an hour plus overtime — more than she might have made on an hourly basis as a full-time employee — but she had no Microsoft stock options and a less-than-ample benefits package through the temp agency. On the other hand, temps like Judd were questioning what made permatemps different from regular employees. Why couldn’t she join the club?For all of the uncertainty and all of the unanswered questions, several signs cropped up that seemed encouraging to temps looking to land full-time positions. Within one year of the project’s start, Microsoft converted four of Judd’s colleagues to full-time status. Judd and many of her coworkers had worked together on tax software for a different company in the past, and four managers from that previous project got those four full-time slots at Microsoft. Once those four workers were promoted, Microsoft’s project managers spent the next year trying to encourage Judd and the other temps to be patient, reminding them that Microsoft needed their tax product in order to have a full suite of financial software to bring to market.While Judd waited, she had to live by a long list of rules that come with a temp worker’s status at Microsoft. Temporary employees, whether they have worked at the company for a week or for two years, are not allowed to play on the Microsoft ball fields, get a free membership to a local gym, or join any of the employee-affinity groups. Badges that the company issues to temps are orange, rather than blue. And, on the Microsoft email system, an “A” is printed before the name of temps who are assigned through local staffing agencies — a designation that temps say makes their email opinions easier to dismiss. There’s more: Temps can’t buy discounted software at the company store. In fact, they can’t buy it at all, for any price, even if they wrote the instructions inside the box.With her day-to-day work constrained by demeaning employment rules and her future job status uncertain, why didn’t Judd simply leave? “Getting another job isn’t quite as easy as you might think,” she says. “Microsoft doesn’t want us to put their company name on our r?sum? as our employer. They say that the temp agency is our employer, even if we worked at Microsoft for two years. When people see that you’ve been working through a temp agency, they think that you have an unstable work history, so they toss your r?sum? into the trash can.”Besides, Judd argues, why should she have to leave? “The courts have ruled that Microsoft controls the terms of our work, that we’re common-law full-time employees. So don’t ask me why I didn’t leave,” she says. “Ask Microsoft why it didn’t do what the courts say it should have done and given me the privileges that all full-time employees get when they work for the company.”But to Microsoft, the job never was permanent. After more than two years, Microsoft announced on March 22 that it was discontinuing work on its tax software that very day. The company gave Judd and her colleagues 48 hours to clean out their desks.advertisementMarcus Courtney and Mike Blain: The Permatemps OrganizersTo many outsiders, there is a simple solution to the permatemps problem at Microsoft: They should just quit and strike a better deal somewhere else. But to Marcus Courtney, that line of reasoning doesn’t match his understanding of how most people work. “The ‘love it or leave it’ argument might make sense for some people,” Courtney says. “But why should you have to love every single term that comes along with an employment contract? If you’re at Microsoft, working with cutting-edge technology in areas that interest you, isn’t it possible that you might want to stay and try to improve the things that bother you?”Courtney, 29, knows firsthand how logical it is to try to make your work better, rather than bailing out — and how frustrating it can be to try to effect change as a temp. In 1998, having worked at Microsoft for almost two years, Courtney was still classified as a temp. His hourly wage had improved only slightly over those two years, the benefits were less than generous, and he was frustrated with his failed attempts to land a full-time job. He found a similarly disillusioned, long-term temp worker in Mike Blain. Besides their frustration, both men shared a passion for organizing. “High-tech temp workers had no effective representation at Microsoft, let alone at a state or a national level,” says Blain, 33. “At the time, Microsoft was a member of an industry group that was trying to make overtime pay for hourly software workers optional, and staffing agencies were bending the ears of government officials in Washington’s statehouse. But temps had no one speaking for them.” While Microsoft did not lobby for the industry group’s position, the group’s effort still served as a wake-up call for what might happen if no one was representing the voice of the temps.So the pair, along with 25 other high-tech workers, launched the Washington Alliance of Technology Workers (WashTech). Blain and Courtney quit their temp jobs eight months later, after they got the financial backing of the Communications Workers of America (CWA). Microsoft had never been a target of high-tech union activity before. Blain and Courtney planned to change that through their work at WashTech. They also saw themselves as part of something larger: the first attempt to organize and represent the interests of workers who don’t want to be employees of any one company, or who are contract workers unable to secure a full-time position.If permatemps is an oxymoronic job description, then Blain and Courtney sought to create an oxymoronic labor union — a union of people who, by definition, are temps. But who would want to join a group like that? Blain and Courtney didn’t start out with all of the answers, but they did know that, given the level of dissatisfaction among Microsoft’s temps, they had a fertile testing ground for their new union. Setting union dues at $11 per month, they went to work to demonstrate the value of membership and focused immediately on training, an opportunity that the two organizers recognized from their own experience as a missing element for most temps. The offer struck a nerve, and members began to sign up.Still, like any union, WashTech needed specific grievances to rally around in order to gain visibility and to alert potential members that it was attempting to make Microsoft executives take it seriously. For years, temporary workers at Microsoft had not been able to request formal performance reviews directly from their managers at the company. Instead, Microsoft told temps to get their reviews from their employer of record: the temp agencies. “Your agency rep would send an evaluation form to your manager at Microsoft,” Courtney says. “The manager would fill out the form and send it back to your agency, and then your rep would call you on the phone and read the manager’s comments to you. Most agency reps were just regurgitating what the manager had written on the form.”advertisementBut WashTech was aware of another review process that the temps were not privy to. “We’d known for several years that there was some sort of database that secretly tracked the performance of each temp worker,” says Blain. “Someone stumbled onto it on the Microsoft corporate network and discovered that the company had been evaluating its temps and storing comments about them all along. So we quietly got the word out to people so that they could peek in and review their records. We knew that once Microsoft found out that we had discovered its database, the company would shut it down.”Microsoft did, in fact, cut off access to the database — around the same time that WashTech went public with the news on its own Web site. “Because WashTech is around, people who missed the chance to see their file felt like it was safe to demand that Microsoft give them access to it,” Courtney says. “Microsoft tells people that only their agency can make that evaluation, but then it keeps secret files that blackball some of them from ever working at the company again. When people can’t get a straight answer about their performance, it really devalues their contribution as a worker.”For its part, Microsoft claims that WashTech encouraged temps to break the law by trespassing on the Microsoft network in search of those personnel files. Earlier this year, WashTech asked the state Department of Labor and Industries to issue an opinion about whether the temps have a right to see the files, and the state issued an opinion in favor of the temps.WashTech is now moving more formally on other fronts, starting with wages. Most temp agencies refuse to disclose to temps how much money they charge for a temp worker’s labor. “Many of these agencies are just parasites,” says Blain. “They hire whomever Microsoft tells them to put on their payroll. Then they process their paychecks, and that’s it. They’re just glorified money launderers.” WashTech and its members believe that, like lawyers and accountants who work for a firm, temp workers should be told by their agencies the rates at which their services are billed out. The group was influential in drafting a bill in Washington’s state legislature that would force agencies to disclose their markups.But for all of its activity and public-relations successes, WashTech has found the actual organizing of new members slow going. By May 2000, the union had signed up only about 260 members — far short of the 1,500 that it needs to be self-sustaining at its current staffing levels. As of last December, Microsoft had 18,525 full-time employees working in the Puget Sound area near Seattle and had between 5,000 and 5,500 other employees working as temporary workers in that same region. WashTech’s own surveys suggest that nearly 60% of those temps would prefer to have a full-time job with the company — an estimate that suggests that there are ample numbers of temps for the union to sign up.Why, then, has it been so hard to get temps to join? Courtney points to a number of reasons. A lot of temps are scared to join, he says, and they’re caught in a catch-22: Those who are most unhappy tend to be temps who want full-time jobs but can’t get them, and those same temps are least likely to make waves and jeopardize their chances of getting those full-time jobs. Meanwhile, true temps are generally not joiners by nature. “They have a strong sense of individual spirit, and none of them has ever encountered an organization like ours,” Courtney says. “The word ‘union’ comes with a certain amount of baggage for white-collar workers in general, and for individualist workers, in particular. So we try to get people interested in the issues that we’re working on without using that term to describe what we do.”advertisementPerhaps the biggest challenge that WashTech’s organizers face comes from the transient nature of many free agents. Over the past two years, 400 people have joined WashTech at one time or another but then have left town or have dropped out of touch. “For the past two generations, unions have appealed to people who would hold the same job for 30 years,” Courtney says. “The power of a union contract has come from being able to go back to the bargaining table over and over again to improve it.”In fact, despite Courtney’s arguments to the contrary, “love it or leave it” does describe the way that many temps approach their work. Courtney remains confident, however, and so far his CWA sponsors have shown no sign of withdrawing their support, even though they’ll likely have to cover the shortfall in WashTech’s budget for the foreseeable future. “For the CWA to remain viable in the 21st century, it needs to have a strong presence among information-technology workers, and it’s looking for us to lead the way,” Courtney says. “As long as we’re making changes at companies like Microsoft, building support for our organization, and translating that support into new members, they’ll want to be a part of that. Their support is not based upon a membership quota.”Peg Cheirrett: The Permatemps AgentFor the owners of many Seattle-area temp agencies, Microsoft’s decade-long permatemp experiment has been extremely good for business. For Peg Cheirrett, who has spent the past 15 years running WASSER Inc., an agency for technical writers, it has been just plain extreme. First she rode to the top of the business, filling Microsoft’s demands for employees. Then she rode out of the business, accepting a lucrative offer from a company that wanted to buy her firm. “Microsoft made WASSER’s growth feasible,” Cheirrett says. “If we had been in Kansas, this would be a very different company.”According to Cheirrett, 51, the true free agents who worked through WASSER enjoyed their work at Microsoft but often felt conflicted. “I recall one conversation with someone who was particularly mistrustful of me,” she says. “The whole reason that he had gone independent in the first place was because he felt that agencies were exploitative and that they didn’t give anything back to workers. Working through an agency in order to do work for Microsoft, to him, was a loss of control, a loss of prestige.”The evolution of the permatemp, Cheirrett says, was largely a matter of inertia. “It just seemed to happen to some people,” she says. “There was one person who worked for me at Microsoft for six years, and at some point during the beginning of year number three, he began to notice that the whole thing was just going by itself. Once we put workers like him into the Microsoft system, those workers would find more projects there on their own and would stay on.”advertisementSome permatemps kept working at Microsoft simply because staying was easier than leaving and trying to find a new job at a different company; others remained with hopes of landing a full-time job. Either way, Cheirrett thinks that her agency played a useful role. “These were not people who would have been good at marketing themselves or at negotiating their own rates,” she says. “Our agency handled payroll and benefits for them, and gave them easy access to new assignments if they needed it.”And, says Cheirrett, the setup became more and more convenient for Microsoft as well. “In the old days, much of the demand for technical writers really was seasonal,” she explains. “They would jam stuff through during the summer in order to get it out in time for Comdex in the fall, and then they would lay everybody off and go into hibernation for the winter.” But as Microsoft expanded its offerings, demand grew for year-round help writing manuals and other technical documents. And individual projects became more complex. “It took three years to write the first version of Exchange, the email program that eventually became Outlook,” Cheirrett says. “We had contractors actually bailing out of that one because they didn’t want to continue working on such a stressful, troubled product. They wanted to go somewhere else and have a better time.”In the early-to-mid-1990s, with all of this activity going on, Microsoft did hire more full-time technical writers, but the demand for Cheirrett to provide more contract writers also increased. Why didn’t Microsoft simply hire more of those writers on a full-time basis? To Cheirrett, the answer lies in the company’s DNA. “Microsoft is a hacker culture,” she says. The company has always valued people with programming smarts above all else — followed by those with the marketing skills to find millions of customers to buy the company’s software products. “For people who have talent, our doors [to full-time work] are open,” Bill Gates told the Los Angeles Times in 1997, commenting on the permatemp controversy. To many temps, Gates’s comments confirmed the company’s internal division that put programmers at the top — and assigned to interchangeable temps the lowly tasks of writing manuals and creating content for the company’s Web properties.Cheirrett began to notice that her firm’s role in the labor market was changing. It went from being a technical-communications company to being a human-resources services company, and those services were becoming a commodity. “Our profit margins were already around 5%, and we didn’t want to see what might happen if competitive pressure pushed them lower,” she says.So, in 1997, Cheirrett and her husband, with whom she owned WASSER, sold the company and signed a three-year contract with the new owner that would allow her to run the agency during the transition. She did not renew her contract this year, and she plans to spend the next several months as a free agent herself.Her first two self-appointed tasks: researching cutting-edge human-resources policies and studying the Hollywood model of deploying independent professionals. “I can’t believe that I haven’t looked into this until now,” she says. “That model could serve as an example of what to do in the tech world.”advertisementSharon Decker: The Permatemps Director This is not a morality tale or a Hollywood movie with heroes and villains — which is why inside Microsoft’s verdant corporate campus, you will not find a snarling executive who is responsible for keeping “those lowly temps” down. Instead, for the past three years, the director of contingent staffing has been Sharon Decker, herself a former Microsoft temp who did a three-month stint in customer service in 1985. Decker, 55, began her full-time Microsoft career in sales support, moved on to marketing, and then landed in human resources in the late 1990s.Three years ago, she moved into her current job. “We are a company that’s always been good at technology,” she says. “And at that point, we had become a fully grown-up company, so I thought that the human-resources department might benefit from some fresh perspective. It seemed as if the next logical thing for me to do was to try to make change happen by working with people.”At the time, Microsoft’s policies on the employment of temporary workers had not changed much since 1989, when the IRS first identified the issue of tax withholding and long-term contractors. To Decker, Microsoft’s solution of sending its temps to staffing agencies was neither a grand strategy nor a nefarious plot. It was just a way of going about the company’s business. “To my knowledge, there was no ‘big decision’ where people sat in a room and said, ‘This is how we are going to staff the company, and this is why we’re going to do it,’ ” she says. “We’ve just always wanted to maintain flexibility and to avoid big fluctuations in the number of full-time workers.”But as the move played out, it had both unforeseen and unfortunate consequences. By the time Decker started her job overseeing the temps in 1997, there was clear dissension in the ranks over Microsoft’s personnel policies. At that point, the class-action suit that was filed by the temps had been wending its way through the legal system for five years, publicly pitting the company against a number of independent contractors who worked in its Seattle-area offices. The effect on morale was subtle but profound.Decker knew that the time had come to make major changes in her company’s culture. At the same time, she knew that there were certain things that she simply could not fix. Take, for instance, seemingly trivial — and presumably easy-to-change — rules that restrict temps from using the company’s ball fields. Because the temps are not on the company payroll, Decker says, Microsoft’s insurance company will not permit it to allow its contract workers to use its corporate ball fields or to get a free membership at a local gym through Microsoft’s benefits program. As for policies that would exclude temps from bowling nights or forbid them from buying software at the company store, those were generally set by Microsoft’s lawyers specifically to enable the courts to see a clear line between full-time employees and contract workers.advertisementDecker eyes the party line carefully. “If agency employees want to participate in parties and outings, they need to ask their employers to contribute to the cost of their attending,” she says. “Rarely have we been turned down when we’ve asked one of the agencies to do that.” Decker has also approached the personnel firms about providing temps with discounts at the Microsoft store so that they wouldn’t have to pay full price for the products that they had helped create. “We should have done it before now,” she says.In other areas, Decker has had more leeway to improve the standing of temporary workers at the company. In 1998, for example, she instituted a platform of changes that requires every temp agency that works with Microsoft to pay for at least half of a temporary worker’s medical and dental insurance, to give workers at least 13 paid days off each year, to grant them at least $500 worth of training annually, and to establish a retirement-savings plan with at least some matching contribution from the agency. And, for the first time, all temps in every job category have a choice between at least two agencies that they can sign up with. “If you’re going to use a contingent workforce, then you need to make sure that there’s a safety net in place for those workers, and you need to underwrite the costs associated with that net,” Decker says, noting that Microsoft now pays 20% more per worker to agencies than it did just a year ago.This year, clearly tired of bad press and union pressure and wanting to put the lawsuit behind them, Decker and Microsoft declared that permatemps will no longer be fixtures on company grounds. Most recently, the company announced that it would not allow anyone to work as a temp at the company for more than a year. Once contractors hit the 365-day mark, they must take 100 days off before working for the company again. Decker insists that she’ll strictly enforce this policy — a departure from past performance — and the announcement has compelled Microsoft managers to make tough decisions about which positions are truly temporary.“They’re going to have to map out each assignment and determine whether it has the characteristics of a regular, long-term position that fits into their long-term strategy,” Decker says. “Are they part of an emerging group in a growth area, or a mature area that’s downsizing? What sort of unique skills might they need year-round?”As Microsoft creates more full-time jobs as a result of this analysis, many of those positions are open to contract workers. At any given time, Microsoft has about 3,000 openings for full-time jobs, and Decker figures that at least 40% of those jobs will go to former temps this year. Another result, however, could be that contractors who never wanted full-time jobs will be unable to string together one temp position after another. “It’s unfortunate,” Decker says. “But we have no other way to really make sure that people are filling positions in a manner that makes them true temporary employees.”Given that the courts have taken eight years (and counting) to figure out when a job that’s labeled as temporary is actually a full-time position, it’s hard to expect Microsoft or any other company to sort out such matters without continued experimentation. In the meantime, Decker thinks that the company deserves some credit for trying harder to make itself hospitable to everyone. “We haven’t done a good enough job of telling people what we’re looking for and what we’re trying to do,” she says. “We want temps to be in temporary assignments, and if it turns out that those assignments require long-term work, then we want to make those jobs permanent. We want people to choose to work for us and to like us — no matter what sort of career they’re thinking about. We’d like to think that we can offer the best of both worlds.”advertisementRon Lieber (Rlieber@fastcompany.com) is a senior writer at Fast Company. Some of his best friends have been Microsoft permatemps.Sidebar: Permatemps LawAfter Microsoft got in trouble with the Internal Revenue Service in 1989, the company told many of its contractors to sign up at local temp agencies so that it could hire them back. Before Microsoft would allow them to return, however, it asked them to sign contracts, which were an attempt to clarify their status. Normally, if people sign a contract saying that they know they’re not going to get any benefits, that permanently settles the matter. But the courts later ruled that the temps had signed the contracts under a mistaken premise. You are what you are, the courts decided. Signing a waiver saying that you’re a temp doesn’t make you a temp — not if you’ve been doing the work of a full-time employee all along.Once the courts had established that the contracts had mischaracterized the permatemps, they had to figure out how to decide which workers were eligible to sue. That required the courts to determine who the true employer of the temps was — Microsoft or the temp agencies. Under the law, temps could be on an agency payroll and still be “common-law employees” of the company that they were working for.To get to the bottom of this, the courts (and the IRS, which also rules on such cases) have developed a rubric that takes as many as 20 different standards into account. The courts are supposed to weigh all factors to determine the employer-employee relationship. According to this test, there could be more than 10,000 temps who were actually common-law employees and who could therefore join the class action.What were the temps able to sue for? Even though the contracts described their status incorrectly, they were not necessarily entitled to receive benefits — with one exception: Microsoft’s employee stock-purchase plan (ESPP). That plan allows an employee to purchase Microsoft stock at a 15% discount on the lowest price that the stock had reached in the six-month period prior to that employee’s making the purchase. In order for Microsoft to receive the kind of lucrative tax breaks that make it possible to offer an ESPP, the plan requires the company to allow any common-law employee to participate. So, once the courts determined that temps were, in fact, common-law employees, temps became eligible to participate, retroactively, in the ESPP.advertisementThe question is still up for debate as to how much stock the temps might have bought had they known that they were eligible to buy it. One possible precedent: the buying and selling patterns of other employees. Since 1993, 70% to 80% of all full-time Microsoft employees have purchased stock through the ESPP at any given time. So Microsoft could be on the hook for many millions of dollars.Sidebar: Why Permatemps?Why did Microsoft begin the practice of employing large numbers of free agents in the first place? And why did it insist upon continuing that practice even after it got in trouble with the IRS? After dozens of interviews with free agents, permatemps, lawyers, agency operators, and Microsoft employees, no single, compelling answer emerges. But a variety of explanations do come to light.Was it about money? Not according to Microsoft. In fact, the original 1990 email that went out, which led managers to clarify the roles of the temps who worked for them, indicated that money wasn’t the issue: “This is going to mean a large increase in full time headcount but should not cause much increase in actual spending,” the internal email read. “It will mean that we add stock for a number of people but that is to be expected and combined with the benefits should allow us to put these people on our payroll for less than we are paying them as ‘contractors.’ “Was it about Microsoft? Some observers suggest that the permatemps issue has more to do with Boeing than it does with Microsoft. Boeing, historically the largest employer in the Seattle area, had gone through both boom and bust cycles, adding large numbers of full-time employees during good times, only to lay off those workers during industry downturns. Microsoft had no desire to see its name splashed across local papers as the new economy’s poster child for community disruption.Was it about the industry? The emerging world of software in the new economy is the perfect site for workplace ambiguity to crop up: Everyone is a knowledge worker, work is largely organized around projects, and distinctions between free agents and permatemps become fuzzy. Small wonder that employment rules are unclear.Was it about Microsoft’s coding culture? To some people, the permatemps controversy is a result of Microsoft’s early culture: Hackers and other hard-core software employees were at the heart of the company — and everyone else was, in one sense or another, temporary. Without adopting this cultural split as a matter of human-resources policy, the company simply drifted toward valuing nonhackers less than hackers. The “permatemp” status emerged gradually, as another way of doing business.Was it an accident? Even the courts that have been handling the lawsuit ascribe no malicious intent to Microsoft. Microsoft made a series of individual decisions about whom to hire full time and whom to hire through an agency; somewhere along the way, those decisions led to the creation of a class of permatemp workers. At worst, it was sloppy management — at best, an inadvertent practice that spun out of control.advertisementRelated StoriesIdeasCRISPR Pioneer Jennifer Doudna On Gene Editing’s Potential For Good And EvilIdeasThe Ethics Of CRISPRMagazineThe CEO Of Flywheel Sports Wants You To Celebrate Your FailuresadvertisementVideoIdeasIdeasIs Your Country Ready For A Catastrophe?IdeasThe Philanthropy World Is Frightened That Trump’s Tax Plan Is Going To Slow DonationsIdeasCould Hawaii Be The First State To Offer A Basic Income?EntertainmentEntertainmentHere Are The Trailers You’ve Missed From San Diego Comic-Con So FarEntertainmentOpen Letter To SNL: Please Let Melissa McCarthy Do Spicey On TV Right NowEntertainment“Fairy Lives Don’t Matter”: Will Smith’s Fantasy Cop Movie On Netflix Is a Racial AllegoryCo.DesignProductGo Inside The ISS, The Most Expensive Structure Ever BuiltProductThis Rotary Phone Is A Delightfully Analog Way To Read The WebProductSomeday You Could Swallow This Wireless Robot Like A PillFast CompanyEntertainmentHere Are The Trailers You’ve Missed From San Diego Comic-Con So FarLeadershipFour Work-Life Questions To Ponder On Vacation This SummerIdeasIs Your Country Ready For A Catastrophe?








	Welcome to Sharon Decker Website








































Javascript is required to use arbonne.com. Please enable Javascript in your web browser settings.Do korzystania ze strony arbonne.pl wymagany jest język Javascript, który możesz aktywować w ustawieniach swojej wyszukiwarki internetowej.










Catalogue




Customer Service




Reward Programs




About Arbonne




Your Independent Consultant:







Sharon Decker


Decker Sharon


View Profile














Login






Your Account



Account Management


View Order History


Manage Arbonne Autoship Orders


Upgrade Your Arbonne Account







Join Arbonne




Shop Arbonne




Country/Language





Shopping Bag






























 Arbonne Contact Me













Sharon Decker
Exec  Regional VP
Independent Consultant


Home Phone
(501) 231-7880
Mobile Phone
(501) 231-7880
sharon_decker16@sbcglobal.net










 




Thank You! Your message has been sent. Your consultant will be in touch with you shortly.







Cancel








 Consultants Personalized Content
























 About Arbonne










About Arbonne
Born in Switzerland and raised in sunny California, for almost 35 years Arbonne has transformed lives through premium products, unparalleled leadership and a family-like community. Through our passionate Independent Consultants, with our prestige brand and generous compensation plan, people all over the world are making a difference in their own lives and in the lives of others.







 PUB_INCOME_DISCLAIM







Arbonne makes no promises or guarantees that any Independent Consultant will be financially successful as each Independent Consultant’s results are dependent on his or her own skill and effort. You should not rely on the results of other Arbonne Independent Consultant’s as an indication of what you should expect to earn. Actual financial results of all Arbonne Independent Consultants for the preceding year are contained in Arbonne’s Independent Consultant Compensation Summary (ICCS). You may view the Independent Consultant Compensation Summary on Arbonne’s official website.
























Login




















Linda F Decker - Sharon, CT | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Linda F Decker in Sharon, CT


Linda F Decker

                                                                                       Intelius found that Linda F Decker  is  a female between 60 and 70 years old from Sharon, CT.  We have connected them to
                6 addresses,
                1 phone,
                and 2 relatives or associates.
         






Get Report Now

Age

Linda F Decker is in her 60s

Linda Has Lived In

Sharon, CT
Lakeville, CT
Chicago, IL

Linda's Relatives

Tammy Decker
Thomas Decker







Linda F Decker



Zodiac SignLeo



GenderFemale



Professional Status
Sharon Office Branch Manager and Assistant Treasurer at Salisbury Bancorp Inc



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Linda? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Linda, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Linda F Decker
Get a Criminal Check on Linda F Decker
Get a Public Record Report on Linda F Decker
Get a People Search Report on Linda F Decker


Linda F Decker's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Linda F Decker has lived as well as Linda F Decker's phone numbers and email addresses.




Linda F Decker Has Lived in 2 States
Connecticut Address for Linda F Decker


 C********* L* 

Sharon, CT


Has Lived In

Sharon, CT
Lakeville, CT


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Linda F Decker

(860) ***-**** - Sharon, CT 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Linda F Decker

l******r@***.net


Get Email Report




Linda F Decker's Education Information
Known Schools Attended
Learn about Linda F Decker's academic history.  Find out which schools Linda F Decker attended, the dates attended as well as the degrees Linda F Decker received.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Linda F Decker Has Attended 1 School
Housatonic Valley Regional High School 1961 – 1965                              


Linda F Decker's Professional Information
Information regarding Linda F Decker's professional history.  Find out previous places Linda F Decker has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Linda F Decker Has Worked at 2 Places
Company: Salisbury Bancorp Inc
               Title: Sharon Office Branch Manager and Assistant Treasurer
Company: Salisbury Bancorp Inc
               Title: Assistant Treasurer
Linda F Decker's Experience
Title: Sharon Office Branch Manager and Assistant Treasurer
               Company: Salisbury Bancorp Inc
Job Details
               Salisbury Bancorp, Inc. is the parent company of Salisbury Bank and Trust Company, a Connecticut chartered commercial bank serving the communities of northwestern Connecticut and proximate communities in New York and Massachusetts, since 1848, through full service branches in Canaan, Lakeville, Salisbury and Sharon, Connecticut, Dover Plains and Millerton, New York and South Egremont and Sheffield, Massachusetts and our proposed branch in Great Barrington, Massachusetts. Salisbury Bank offers a full complement of consumer and business banking products and services as well as trust and wealth advisory services.
Title: Assistant Treasurer
               Company: Salisbury Bancorp Inc
Job Details
               Salisbury Bancorp, Inc. is the parent company of Salisbury Bank and Trust Company, a Connecticut chartered commercial bank serving the communities of northwestern Connecticut and proximate communities in New York and Massachusetts, since 1848, through full service branches in Canaan, Lakeville, Salisbury and Sharon, Connecticut, Dover Plains and Millerton, New York and South Egremont and Sheffield, Massachusetts and our proposed branch in Great Barrington, Massachusetts. Salisbury Bank offers a full complement of consumer and business banking products and services as well as trust and wealth advisory services.
Additional Professional Information on Linda F Decker

 See Linda F Decker's LinkedIn Profile



Linda F Decker's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Linda F Decker


Linda F Decker's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Linda F Decker's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Linda Decker
Username Matches

                  LindaDecker
                  DeckerLinda
                  Linda.Decker
                  Decker.Linda
                  Linda_Decker
                  Decker_Linda
                  Linda-Decker
                  Decker-Linda
                  LDecker
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
L Decker







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.













Power Tools, Lawn and Garden, Accessories | BLACK+DECKER 








































































Join Our Email List







Sign Up





                            By signing up you agree to receive emails from BLACK+DECKER with news, special offers, promotions and other information. You can unsubscribe at any time. See Privacy Policy or Contact Us at support.blackanddecker@sbdinc.com or 701 E. Joppa Road, Towson, Maryland 21286, for more information.
                        

No, thanks.

                    Thanks For Joining Our Mailing List
                





 


Search


Close Search


Menu
Close






                Hi, !
            







 

Edit Profile



                        Not you?
                        Sign Out



Quick Links
My ProductsMy ProjectsMy Discussions My Account




MyBLACK+DECKER


Account Sign in

Please try again.
This account has not yet been activated. An email has been sent to your account to activate your account.

                            We have updated our password strength requirements. Your current password is not strong enough.
                            Please reset your password.



Sign In
Forgot Password?



Why Join?
Sign up for a MyBLACK+DECKER account for quick and easy access to saved products, projects, discussions, and more.
Sign Up








English        



Country:
United States


Language:


English                        











Products


All Products



 


 
Power Tools




 


 
Lawn + Garden




 


 
Home Cleaning




 


 
Small Appliances






 


 
Batteries + Accessories




 




                    20V MAX* System
                
Learn more about the 20V MAX* family of BLACK+DECKER products.




 




                    40V MAX* System
                
Learn more about the 40V MAX* family of BLACK+DECKER products.









Ideas + Inspiration


View All Ideas + Inspirations



 


 
Seasonal DIY Projects




 


 
Bedroom + Bathroom Ideas




 


 
DIY Home Projects




 


 
Kitchen + Dining






 


 
Outdoor Projects




 


 
SMART DIY




 


 
Storage Ideas




 


 
Family DIY







Support





 
Site Search





Top Results




 











Combo Kits + Tool Sets
                    

                        Projects need the right tools. Our kits have what you need to get them done.
                    
View All







Power Tools



Storage Ideas
 
                            DIY Entryway Storage Bench
                        
 
                        Skill Level: 
                        Intermediate
                    




                            Get the Project Done
                        


 

                                                20V MAX* Lithium 2-Speed Drill/Driver
                                            
 

 

                                                20V MAX* Lithium Ion Cordless MOUSE® Sander
                                            




 









                    20V MAX* System – Power for Your Style 
                
1 System. Endless Tasks.
The 20V MAX* lithium ion battery system gives you the freedom to power a range of BLACK+DECKER power tools and lawn + garden tools with long-lasting, interchangeable batteries. Because the tools in the system share batteries, you can get the convenience of always having a charged battery on hand. And you can save money by purchasing bare tools – tools that do not come with a battery. 
Learn More
20V MAX* Power Tools20V MAX* Lawn + Garden Tools20V MAX* Bare Tools











Small Appliances



 Coffee + Tea
 
 Cookware
 
 Food Processors
 
 Toasters
 







Nearby Retailer
 

                Go
            

 


Live Chat
We are Here to Help You





 Contact Us
Questions? Comments? Problems? Whatever’s on your mind, we’d love to hear from you.
 

 Attend An Event
BLACK+DECKER hosts events across the country. Check out our events page to search for events near you.
 





Join Our Email List
 




Subscribe





 
                    By signing up you agree to receive emails from BLACK+DECKER with news, special offers, promotions and other information. You can unsubscribe at any time. See Privacy Policy or Contact Us at support.blackanddecker@sbdinc.com or 701 E. Joppa Road, Towson, Maryland 21286, for more information.
                


Connect With Us













Close





Close







