    Kenneth DeCubellis | Black Ridge Oil & Gas, Inc. | ZoomInfo.com

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version















Kenneth  DeCubellis - Woonsocket, RI | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Kenneth  Decubellis in Woonsocket, RI


Kenneth  Decubellis

                                                                           Intelius found that Kenneth  DeCubellis  is  a male between 70 and 80 years old from Woonsocket, RI.  We have connected them to
                4 addresses,
                1 phone,
                and 3 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Ken  Decubellis


Get Report Now

Age

Kenneth  Decubellis is in his 70s

Kenneth Has Lived In

Woonsocket, RI
Raleigh, NC

Kenneth's Relatives

Maria DeCubellis
Julie DeCubellis
Gloria DeCubellis







Kenneth  Decubellis



Zodiac SignVirgo



GenderMale



Professional Status
School Based Coordinator at Woonsocket Education Department



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Kenneth? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Kenneth, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Kenneth  Decubellis
Get a Criminal Check on Kenneth  Decubellis
Get a Public Record Report on Kenneth  Decubellis
Get a People Search Report on Kenneth  Decubellis


Kenneth  Decubellis's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Kenneth  Decubellis has lived as well as Kenneth  Decubellis's phone numbers and email addresses.




Kenneth  Decubellis Has Lived in 2 States
Rhode Island Address for Kenneth  Decubellis


151 E**** S* 

Woonsocket, RI


Has Lived In

Woonsocket, RI
Raleigh, NC


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Kenneth  Decubellis

(401) ***-**** - Woonsocket, RI 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Kenneth  Decubellis

k*********s@***.com


Get Email Report




Kenneth  Decubellis's Professional Information
Information regarding Kenneth  Decubellis's professional history.  Find out previous places Kenneth  Decubellis has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Kenneth  Decubellis Has Worked at 2 Places
Company: Woonsocket Education Department
               Title: School Based Coordinator
Company: Woonsocket City School District
               Title: School Based Coordinator
Kenneth  Decubellis's Experience
Title: School Based Coordinator
               Company: Woonsocket Education Department
Job Details

Title: School Based Coordinator
               Company: Woonsocket City School District
Job Details
               Company Size: $10 mil to less than $25 mil - Employee Range: 1,000 to less than 5,000
Additional Professional Information on Kenneth  Decubellis

 See Kenneth  Decubellis's LinkedIn Profile



Kenneth  Decubellis's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Kenneth  Decubellis


Kenneth  Decubellis's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Kenneth  Decubellis's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Kenneth DeCubellis
Username Matches

                  KennethDeCubellis
                  DeCubellisKenneth
                  Kenneth.DeCubellis
                  DeCubellis.Kenneth
                  Kenneth_DeCubellis
                  DeCubellis_Kenneth
                  Kenneth-DeCubellis
                  DeCubellis-Kenneth
                  KDeCubellis
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
K DeCubellis







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.













Kenneth T. DeCubellis: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 8:45 AM ET
Oil, Gas and Consumable Fuels

Company Overview of Black Ridge Oil & Gas, Inc



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Kenneth T. DeCubellis  Chief Executive Officer, Black Ridge Oil & Gas, IncAgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 0 Board Members in 0 different organizations across 2 different industries.50$323,983As of Fiscal Year 2016
Background

		Mr. Kenneth T. DeCubellis, also known as Ken, has been the Chief Executive Officer of Black Ridge Oil & Gas, Inc  since November 9, 2011. Mr. DeCubellis has 20 years of global management experience of executive leadership in high-growth energy companies. Mr. DeCubellis served as the Chief Executive Officer and President of Altra, Inc. since February 2008 and November of 2007 respectively. He served as the Chief Executive Officer and President at AltraBiofuels, Inc.  ... since May 2008. He joined Altra in June 2006 as its Vice President of Business Development. He served as Altra's Vice President of Business Development and Commercial Operations. Mr. DeCubellis spent 10 years at ExxonMobil in global, senior management positions in manufacturing, general management, commercial, marketing and finance from 1996 to 2006. He served in engineering and global manufacturing management positions for Texas Instruments, Inc. He served as the Chairman of KD Global Energy Belize Ltd. Mr. DeCubellis holds an MBA from the J.L. Kellogg Graduate School of Management at Northwestern University in 1996 and holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Mechanical Engineering from Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute in 1990.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
10275 Wayzata BoulevardMinnetonka, Minnesota 55305United StatesPhone: 952-426-1241Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
				There is no Board Members Memberships data available.
				Education
BS 1990Rensselaer Polytechnic InstituteMBA 1996J.L. Kellogg School of Management, Northwestern University
Other Affiliations
Rensselaer Polytechnic InstituteJ.L. Kellogg School of Management, Northwestern UniversityAltra Inc.


Annual Compensation
Salary$276,058Total Annual Compensation$276,058
Stocks Options
Exercisable Options$1,553,200Unexercisable Options$2,058,800Total Number of Options$3,612,000
Total Compensation
Total Annual Cash Compensation$276,058Total Short Term Compensation$276,058Total Calculated Compensation$323,983




Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Black Ridge Oil & Gas, Inc, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























Kenneth Decubellis, Black Ridge Oil And Gas Inc: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  



























Feedback





Kenneth "Ken" Decubellis

Chief Executive Officer,
Black Ridge Oil And Gas Inc






Career History




Chief Executive Officer
Black Ridge Oil And Gas Inc, 4/2012-PRESENT


Chief Executive Officer
Ante5 Inc, 11/2011-4/2012


President/CEO
Altra  Inc, FORMER


VP:Business Dev & Operations
Altra  Inc, FORMER


Various Positions
Exxon Mobil Corp, FORMER


Various Positions
Texas Instruments Inc, FORMER


Show More









Website:
www.blackridgeoil.com






Corporate Information
Address:

10275 Wayzata Blvd
Suite 310
Minnetonka, MN 55305
United States


Phone:
1-952-426-1241


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.blackridgeoil.com











From The Web












Personal Information



Education



Kellogg School of Management of Northwestern University
MBA, 1996


Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute
Bachelor's Degree, 1990


Northwestern University
Master's Degree


Show More








Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data


































Bakken Insider: Ken DeCubellis














Bakken InsightsMarket Research & Analysis for Western North Dakota





Home
Products
Consulting
About
Contact Us
Member Login
 


By Bakken Insights  Bakken Insider: Ken DeCubellis


The Bakken Insider host, Jason Spiess, sits down with Kenneth DeCubellis, CEO, Black Ridge Oil & Gas at the Bakken Investor Conference, Minot, ND.  DeCubellis talks about Bakken strategies, commuting to the Bakken from outside North Dakota, natural gas potential and the timeline of laser focusing his business in the Bakken and why it is a long term business strategy.
Mr. Kenneth T. DeCubellis, Ken has been the Chief Executive Officer of Black Ridge Oil & Gas Inc. since November 9, 2011. Mr. DeCubellis has 20 years of global management experience of executive leadership in high-growth energy companies. Mr. DeCubellis served as the Chief Executive Officer and President of Altra, Inc. since February 2008 and November of 2007 respectively. He served as the Chief Executive Officer and President at AltraBiofuels, Inc. since May 2008. He joined Altra in June 2006 as its Vice President of Business Development. He served as Altra’s Vice President of Business Development and Commercial Operations. Mr. DeCubellis spent 10 years at ExxonMobil in global, senior management positions in manufacturing, general management, commercial, marketing and finance from 1996 to 2006. He served in engineering and global manufacturing management positions for Texas Instruments, Inc. He served as the Chairman of KD Global Energy Belize Ltd. Mr. DeCubellis holds an MBA from the J.L. Kellogg Graduate School of Management at Northwestern University in 1996 and holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Mechanical Engineering from Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute in 1990.


Filed Under: Bakken Insider 



A Message From Dan Reilly




"There is no shortage of figures, statistics and forecasts for the Bakken, but numbers only tell part of the story which is why we created this information service. Your business strategy relies on a full understanding the implications of that data. Analysis coupled with insights direct from the people doing business in the Bakken further enhances your understanding of this special economic event taking place in Western North Dakota. Welcome to Bakken Insights."
Dan Reilly, Chief Research Strategist




Return to top of pageCopyright © 2017 SIGNAL Group Media · All Rights Reserved
















Kenneth T. DeCubellis - Chief Executive Officer & Head-Investor Relations at Black Ridge Oil & Gas, Inc.



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Kenneth T. DeCubellis
Chief Executive Officer & Head-Investor Relations at Black Ridge Oil & Gas, Inc.



Overview
In The News Relationships Paths
Education Career History Boards & Committees Non-Profit Donations & Grants Public Holdings Events 


Kenneth T. DeCubellis
Chief Executive Officer & Head-Investor Relations at Black Ridge Oil & Gas, Inc.



 Overview



Age



50
                                  (Born 1967)
                                              




Notable Companies


Black Ridge Oil & Gas, Inc.




Board Seats



2





Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 10 people.
              






 In The News
          See more




PR Newswire
August 13, 2015





                        Black Ridge Oil & Gas Announces Second Quarter 2015 Results                    





PR Newswire
February 18, 2015





                        Black Ridge Oil & Gas, Inc. Announces Preliminary 2014 Production Results and Provides Additional Updates                    





PR Newswire
April 28, 2014





                        Black Ridge Oil & Gas, Inc. to Present at Undiscovered Equities Spring Conference                    





PR Newswire
February 27, 2014





                        Black Ridge Oil & Gas, Inc. Announces Upcoming Conference Schedule                    





PR Newswire
January 22, 2014





                        Black Ridge Oil & Gas, Inc.'s CEO to Present at Excel Engineering 2014 Technical Conference                    







See full news coverage and complete stories with RelSci Professional.

Create Your News Feed








See  More 






 Relationships
              See Details




Bradley Berman

Founder at King Show Games LLC




James A. Moe

Chief Financial Officer & Secretary at Black Ridge Oil & Gas, Inc.





Benjamin S. Oehler

Director at Minnesota Zoological Society




Michael Eisele

Chief Operating Officer at Black Ridge Oil & Gas, Inc.





Joe Lahti

Chairman at AFAM Capital, Inc.




Lyle A. Berman

Former Chief Executive Officer at Emerald Oil, Inc.





Steven Lipscomb

Former President, Chief Executive Officer & Secretary at WPT Enterprises, Inc.




John Simonelli

Chief Financial Officer at Riviera Partners LLC





Joshua K. Wert

Former Interim Chief Financial Officer at Black Ridge Oil & Gas, Inc.




Brenda Blume

Former Director-Investor & Public Relations at Black Ridge Oil & Gas, Inc.






 Paths to Kenneth T. DeCubellis



            Kenneth T. DeCubellis          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Kenneth T. DeCubellis






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Kenneth T. DeCubellis.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Educational Background



 
Class of 1996 


Northwestern University - Robert R. McCormick School of Engineering and Applied Science






MBA 
Class of 1996 


Northwestern University - Kellogg School of Management

                  The Kellogg School of Management (The Kellogg School or Kellogg) is the business school of Northwestern University in Evanston, Illinois, with additional campuses in downtown Chicago, Illinois and Miami, Florida. Kellogg offers full-time, part-time, and executive programs, and partners with schools in China, France/Singapore, India, Hong Kong, Israel, Germany, Canada, and Thailand.Founded in 1908 in downtown Chicago as a part-time evening program, the school was chartered to educate business leaders with "good moral character.                




Bachelor of Science Degree in Mechanical Engineering 
Class of 1990 


Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute

                  Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute, or RPI, is a private research university located in Troy, New York, with two additional campuses in Hartford and Groton, Connecticut. It was founded in 1824 by Stephen van Rensselaer and Amos Eaton for the "application of science to the common purposes of life" and is the oldest technological university in the English-speaking world.                





 Career History



Chief Executive Officer & Head-Investor Relations

                                    2011 - Current                


Black Ridge Oil & Gas, Inc.


                  Black Ridge Oil & Gas, Inc. operates as an oil and natural gas exploration company. It engages in the acquisition and development of crude oil and natural gas properties, primarily in the Bakken and Three Forks trends in North Dakota and Montana. The company was founded on April 9, 2010 and is headquartered in Minneapolis, MN.                




Professional

                                    Prior                


Texas Instruments Incorporated


                  Texas Instruments Incorporated engages in the design and manufacture semiconductor solutions for analog and digital embedded and application processing. It operates through the following business segments: Analog & Embedded Processing. The Analog segment semiconductors change real-world signals such as sound, temperature, pressure or images, by conditioning them, amplifying them and often converting them to a stream of digital data that can be processed by other semiconductors, such as embedded processors. Embedded processing segment designed to handle specific tasks and can be optimized for various combinations of performance, power and cost, depending on the application. The company was founded by Cecil H. Green, Patrick Eugene Haggerty, John Erik Jonsson and Eugene McDermott in 1930 and is headquartered in Dallas, TX.                





 Boards & Committees



Corporate Boards ▾




Chairman

                    Prior                  


KD Global Energy, Belize Ltd.






Chairman

                    Prior                  


Belize Ltd.







 Non-Profit Donations & Grants



$1 - $249

                  2009
                


Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute


                  Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute, or RPI, is a private research university located in Troy, New York, with two additional campuses in Hartford and Groton, Connecticut. It was founded in 1824 by Stephen van Rensselaer and Amos Eaton for the "application of science to the common purposes of life" and is the oldest technological university in the English-speaking world.                





 Public Holdings






Restricted data only for RelSci Professional users.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Events



Speaker

                  Minot, ND, United States                




3rd Annual Bakken Investor Conference

                  The 3rd Annual Bakken Investor Conference brings together oil and gas companies and investors along with real estate developers and investors to connect and explore investment and development opportunities.

The oil and gas industry is driving the economy in the Williston Basin. The real estate developers and investors build out the housing, industrial, commercial and other infrastructure needed to sustain energy and economic development in the Bakken.

Bringing together these two key industries and their investors will help each to better understand the other and expand development for their mutual continued success.                





 Other Affiliations




              Kenneth T. DeCubellis is affiliated with
                            Black Ridge Oil & Gas, Inc., Texas Instruments Incorporated, KD Global Energy, Belize Ltd., Belize Ltd..
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤
















Management Team













 


 





CompanyManagement TeamBoard of Directors


Management Team
Ken DeCubellis, Chief Executive Officer
Ken DeCubellis joined Black Ridge as our Chief Executive Officer in November of 2011. Mr. DeCubellis brings over 20 years of executive experience in a broad range of energy industries including 10 years at Exxon Mobil Corp and most recently as President and CEO of Altra Inc, a venture capital backed biofuels company. Mr. DeCubellis also previously served as Chairman of KD Global Energy, Belize Ltd, a firm that provides upstream technical and geological services to petroleum lease holders in Belize. Mr. DeCubellis received an MBA from the J.L. Kellogg Graduate School of Management at Northwestern University in 1996 and a Bachelor of Science Degree in Mechanical Engineering from Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute in 1990.
James Moe, Chief Financial Officer
James Moe joined Black Ridge Oil & Gas in March 2011 as our Chief Financial Officer. Prior to joining the company, Mr. Moe served as Chief Financial Officer for two companies (Northern Contours, Inc., & Trimodal, Inc.) since 2004. Between 1994 and 2003, Mr. Moe served as corporate controller for three companies, including Recovery Engineering Inc., a high growth publicly traded company where Mr. Moe was responsible for SEC compliance.   A 1985 graduate from the University of Minnesota with a degree in accounting and 4 years as an senior accountant and auditor with a CPA firm, Mr. Moe has primary responsibility at Black Ridge for SEC financial reporting, accounting, audit and tax functions as well as Sarbanes Oxley compliance. 
Michael Eisele, Chief Operating Officer
Mr. Eisele has served since August 2012 as the Company’s Vice President of Land, overseeing the Company’s acreage portfolio and managing acquisitions and divestitures. Mr. Eisele brings over five years of oil and gas lease experience in the Williston Basin and greater Rocky Mountain region. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Eisele was the co-owner and landman of High West Resources, Ltd. from 2011 to 2012, the owner of Eisele Resources LLC from 2009 to 2012, and a self-employed landman from 2007 to 2009. Mr. Eisele is a graduate of Luther College (B.A.).





ANFC: OTCQB

HOME

Site Map
Privacy Policy




CORPORATE INFO
Management TeamBoard of Directors



DRILLING


INVESTOR RELATIONS

News/Events
Company Info
Shareholder Resources
Stock Quote
Corporate Governance
Financial Info
SEC Filings




CONTACT US

110 North 5th Street, Suite 410
Minneapolis, MN 55403
952.426.1241








  |    |   Share  |   
© 2011-2017 Black Ridge Oil & Gas All rights reserved. 





