

John Deere - Parts Catalog
















Deere & Co




JurisNotes.com, Inc.
 
Deere
& Co. v. MTD Products, Inc.
Southern
District of New York
Aug.
12, 2002
 
Memorandum
and Order
 
INTRODUCTION
Defendant
MTD Products, Inc. ("MTD" or "defendant") moves for
judgment on the pleadings pursuant to Rule 12(c) of the Federal Rules of Civil
Procedure on two of the five claims brought by Deere & Company
("Deere" or "plaintiff") in this trademark action. The two
claims which defendant seeks to dismiss allege violations of the Federal
Trademark Dilution Act ("FTDA"), 15 U.S.C. § 1125(c), and the New
York anti-dilution statute, N.Y. Gen. Bus. L. § 360-1. fn.1 For the reasons set
forth below, defendant's motion is granted as to both claims.
 
FACTS
Plaintiff,
a corporation with its principal place of business in Illinois, has been
manufacturing and selling products in the agricultural equipment industry since
the 1840's. (Compl. 1, 6.) All the agricultural vehicles plaintiff has produced
since the 1900's have green bodies and yellow wheels, including Deere's lawn
and garden tractors, walking and riding mowers, tillers, and snow blowers. (Id.
7.)
 
According
to plaintiff, since 1980, Deere's total sales of agricultural, commercial and
consumer equipment in North America have exceeded fifty billion dollars. (Id.
8.) During the same period, Deere claims it has spent more than five hundred
million dollars in advertising and promoting such products. (Id. 9.)
 
Deere
is the owner of three federally registered trademarks pertaining to
agricultural equipment dressed in a green and yellow color combination.
(Id.  13.) Plaintiff alleges that as a
result of its extensive advertising and sales, the green and yellow color
combination has "become distinctive as an indication of the source of
Deere's products." (Id. 10.) Further, Deere claims that the green and
yellow color combination is famous and has achieved secondary meaning in the
minds of consumers. (Id.)
 
MTD,
a corporation with its principal place of business in Ohio, is one of Deere's
competitors in the business of manufacturing agricultural equipment. (Id. 18,
21.) MTD's line of agricultural equipment, known as YARD-MAN, includes lawn and
garden tractors, walking and riding mowers, and snow blowers. (Id. 20.)
YARD-MAN products are also dressed in the colors green and yellow. (Id. 22.)
According to plaintiff, MTD chose the colors green and yellow in order to
capitalize on the goodwill established by Deere's green and yellow trademarks
and trade dress. (Id. 23.)
 
Plaintiff
further alleges that since its green and yellow trade dress is distinctive and
has acquired secondary meaning in the minds of consumers, customers are able to
identify Deere as the source of any agricultural or lawn and garden equipment
displaying these colors. (Id. 45.) As a result, this action was brought
alleging, inter alia, that MTD's use of the colors green and yellow on its
YARD-MAN line of equipment dilutes Deere's green and yellow trademarks and
trade dress in violation of federal and state law. (Id. 50.)
 
DISCUSSION
1.
Legal standard
The
standard for granting a Rule 12(c) motion for judgment on the pleadings is
identical to that of a 12(b)(6) motion for failure to state a claim. Patel v.
Contemporary Classics of Beverly Hills, 259 F.3d 123, 125 (2d Cir.2001); Irish
Lesbian and Gay Org. v. Giuliani, 143 F.3d 638, 644 (2d Cir.1998). The Court
must read the complaint generously accepting the truth of and drawing all
reasonable inferences from well-pleaded factual allegations. Mills v. Polar
Molecular Corp., 12 F.3d 1170, 1174 (2d Cir.1993). A court should dismiss a
complaint only "if 'it appears beyond doubt that the plaintiff can prove
no set of facts in support of his claim which would entitle him to
relief." ' Valmonte v. Bane, 18 F.3d 992, 998 (2d Cir.1994) (quoting
Conley v. Gibson, 355 U.S. 41, 45-46 (1957)).
 
2.
Dilution under the FTDA
In
relevant part, the FTDA provides that: 
[t]he
owner of a famous mark shall be entitled, subject to the principles of equity
and upon such terms as the court deems reasonable, to an injunction against
another person's commercial use in commerce of a mark or trade name, if such
use begins after the mark has become famous and causes dilution of the
distinctive quality of the mark, and to obtain such other relief as is provided
in this subsection. 15 U.S.C. § 1125(c)(1).
 
In
order for a mark to receive protection under the FTDA, the mark must be both
famous and distinctive. 15 U.S.C. § 1125(c)(1); TCPIP Holding Co., Inc. v. Haar
Comm., Inc., 244 F.3d 88, 98 (2d Cir.2001). While acquired distinctiveness fn.2
may render a mark protectable under other federal trademark provisions, a mark
must be "inherently distinctive" in order to be protected under the
FTDA. TCPIP Holding, 244 F.3d at 98; New York Stock Exchange, Inc., v. New
York, New York Hotel, L.L.C, 293 F.3d 550, 557 (2d Cir.2002) (holding that a
mark that lacks inherent distinctiveness cannot qualify for the protection of
the FTDA). A mark can be considered inherently distinctive if " '[its]
intrinsic nature serves to identify a particular source" ' of a product.
Wal-Mart, 529 U.S. at 211 (quoting Two Pesos, Inc. v. Taco Cabana, Inc., 505
U.S. 763, 768 (1992)).
 
The
Supreme Court has held that use of color alone cannot be inherently
distinctive. Qualitex Co. v. Jacobson Prods. Co., 514 U.S. 159, 162-63 (1995).
This rule was subsequently affirmed in Wal-Mart, 529 U.S. at 211 ("[W]ith
respect to at least one category of mark--colors--we have held that no mark can
ever be inherently distinctive"). The Supreme Court concluded that color
can only be protected as a trademark upon "attain[ing] secondary
meaning." Qualitex, 514 U.S. at 163. However, as set forth above,
secondary meaning, or acquired distinctiveness, is inapplicable to the
determination of distinctiveness for the purposes of the FTDA. TCPIP Holding,
244 F.3d at 98. Therefore, since Deere's green and yellow color combination
cannot be inherently distinctive as a matter of law, Deere's federal dilution
claim must be dismissed. fn.3
 
Deere
relies heavily upon the Two Pesos case, in which the Supreme Court held that
trade dress can be inherently distinctive. Two Pesos, 505 U.S. at 773-76.
However, in Two Pesos, which was decided before both Qualitex and Wal-Mart, the
trade dress at issue involved more than just color. Id. at 764 n. 1. The trade
dress in Two Pesos involved, in addition to the color of the restaurant, the
shape and appearance of the restaurant's exterior, the restaurant's sign, the
kitchen floor plan, the decor, the menu, the equipment used to serve food, the
servers' uniforms, and other features contributing to the total image of the
restaurant. Id. In contrast, the case at bar involves color alone, and the
Supreme Court has clearly concluded that color is not inherently distinctive.
Wal-Mart, 529 U.S. at 211; Qualitex, 514 U.S. at 162-63. fn.4 Accordingly,
Deere's federal dilution claim fails as a matter of law.
 
3.
State Law Dilution Claim
In
addition to claiming trademark dilution under the Lanham Act, plaintiff alleges
that MTD's use of the green and yellow colors on its YARD-MAN equipment
"causes dilution of the distinctive quality of Deere's Green and Yellow
Trademarks and Deere's Green and Yellow Trade Dress in violation of New York
Gen. Bus. Law § 360-1." (Compl. 53.) fn.5 Defendant moves to dismiss this
claim on the ground that Illinois law is the proper law to be applied under New
York's choice of law rules and that the Illinois anti- dilution statute does
not permit recovery against competitors. (Def.'s Mem. of Law at 9.)
 
Thus,
the Court must decide whether New York or Illinois law applies to plaintiff's
state law claim. Both parties agree that "a federal court adjudicating a
supplemental state law claim applies the choice of forum rules of the forum
state." North Atl. Instruments, Inc. v. Haber, 188 F.3d 38, 43 (2d
Cir.1999) (citing Rogers v. Grimaldi, 875 F.2d 994, 1002 (2d Cir.1989)). Under
New York's choice of law rules in tort cases, fn.6 courts apply an
"interest analysis" to determine which state has the greatest
interest in the litigation. Curley v. AMR Corp., 153 F.3d 5, 12 (2d Cir.1998);
Krock v. Lipsay, 97 F.3d 640, 645 (2d Cir.1996). To determine which state has
the greatest interest, a court must inquire: "(1) what are the significant
contacts and in which jurisdiction are they located; and, (2) whether the
purpose of the law is to regulate conduct or allocate loss." Krock, 97
F.3d at 645 (quoting Padula v. Lilarn Properties Corp., 620 N.Y.S.2d 310, 311
(N.Y.App.Div.1994)). Under this formula, the significant contacts are the
parties' domiciles and the locus of the tort. Id. at 646.
 
The
second prong of the inquiry is usually addressed first in the interest analysis
because if the law at issue seeks to regulate conduct, then the location of the
alleged conduct is determinative, whereas if the law at issue concerns loss
allocation, the parties' domiciles are the most significant contacts. Krock, 97
F.3d at 646. "Conduct-regulation rules have the prophylactic effect of
governing conduct to prevent injuries from occurring." fn.7 Padula, 620
N.Y.S.2d at 311. In this case, the anti-dilution laws at issue seek to regulate
conduct. Therefore, the choice of the proper state law turns on the location of
the alleged tort.
 
Plaintiff
and defendant disagree as to the location of the alleged dilution. Plaintiff
argues that because a significant portion of MTD's products are sold in New
York, New York law should apply. (Pl.'s Mem. in Opp'n at 17.) Defendant, on the
other hand, argues that MTD's products are sold nationwide and that New York is
only one of many locations. (Def.'s Reply Mem. of Law at 6-7.) While the Court
agrees with plaintiff that the location of dilution is where the products are
sold, it cannot conclude that New York law must be followed because plaintiff
does not allege that New York is the only state where MTD products are sold.
The locus of the alleged dilution appears to be in more than one state in this
case.
 
Because
the locus of the conduct is in more than one state and the domiciles of the
parties differ, the Court will look at where the injury occurred. E.g., United
Magazine Co. v. Murdoch Magazines Distribution, Inc., 146 F.Supp.2d 385, 413
(S.D.N.Y.2001). Plaintiff's injury occurs where its principal place of business
is located because a plaintiff suffers the most severe business injury in that
state. Id. (applying Ohio law where the allegedly tortious conduct occurred in
New York, New Jersey, Illinois and possibly other states and plaintiff suffered
business injury in Ohio). This analysis is consistent with the suggestion
"that where the location of the alleged tort is not apparent, the tort is deemed
to occur where the party resides and sustained an economic loss resulting from
the tort." Bon Jour Group, Ltd. v. Elan-Polo, Inc., No. 96 Civ. 6705, 1997
WL 401814, at *4 (S.D.N.Y. July 16, 1997) (citing Krock, 97 F.3d at 646). In
this case, Deere's principal place of business is in Illinois and Deere will
suffer economic loss from the alleged dilution in Illinois. (Compl. 1.) Thus,
Illinois law should apply to Deere's state law claim.
 
Applying
Illinois law to plaintiff's state law claim, the claim must be dismissed
because "[i]t is well-settled ... that commercial competitors cannot
recover under Illinois's anti-dilution statute." Abbott Labs. v. Nutramax
Prods., Inc., 844 F.Supp. 443, 447 (N.D.Ill.1994) (citing EZ Loader Boat
Trailers, Inc. v. Cox Trailers, Inc., 746 F.2d 375, 380 (7th Cir.1984)). Deere
alleges that MTD is a direct competitor. (Compl. 21.) Thus, MTD's motion is
granted as to the state law dilution claim.
 
CONCLUSION
For
the foregoing reasons, the Court grants MTD's motion to dismiss Deere's federal
and state dilution claims.
 
SO
ORDERED.
 
fn.1.
The first three counts of the complaint, which are not being challenged in this
motion, allege trademark infringement under 15 U.S.C. § 1114, unfair
competition under 15 U.S.C. § 1125(a), and unfair competition pursuant to New
York state law.
 
fn.2.
Acquired distinctiveness occurs when a mark has developed secondary
meaning--that is, "when, 'in the minds of the public the primary
significance of a [mark] is to identify the source of the product rather than
the product itself." ' Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. v. Samara Bros., Inc., 529
U.S. 205, 211 (2000) (quoting Inwood Labs., Inc., v. Ives Labs., Inc., 456 U.S.
844, 851 n. 11 (1982)).
 
fn.3.
Because color cannot be inherently distinctive, the Court need not reach the
issue of whether Deere's green and yellow color combination is famous.
 
fn.4.
Plaintiff additionally argues that the Supreme Court's holding in Qualitex is
limited to cases involving one color. (Pl.'s Mem. in Opp'n at 8.) The Court
rejects this argument in light of the language in both Qualitex and Wal-Mart
which clearly refer to color more generally. Wal-Mart, 529 U.S. at 212
("design, like color, is not inherently distinctive"); Qualitex, 514
U.S. at 162-66 (discussing the "use of color" to serve as trademark).
 
fn.5.
New York Gen. Bus. Law § 360-1 states that "[l]ikelihood of injury to
business reputation or of dilution of the distinctive quality of a mark or
trade name shall be a ground for injunctive relief in cases of infringement of
a mark registered or not registered ...." N.Y. Gen. Bus. Law § 360-1
(McKinney 2002).
 
fn.6.
Trademark dilution claims sound in tort. Cello Holdings, L.L.C. v.
Lawrence-Dahl Cos., 89 F.Supp.2d 464, 470 (S.D.N.Y.2002).
 
fn.7.
In contrast, "[l]oss allocation rules ... are those which prohibit,
assign, or limit liability after the tort occurs ...." Id. at 312.






John Deere - Wikipedia






















 






John Deere

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

This article is about the company. For the person, see John Deere (inventor). For the tractor, see List of John Deere tractors.

Deere & Company





John Deere World Headquarters in Moline, Illinois




Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: DE
S&P 500 Component


Industry
Heavy equipment


Founded
Grand Detour, Illinois
(1837; 180 years ago (1837))[1]


Founder
John Deere


Headquarters
Moline, Illinois, United States



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

Samuel R. Allen
(CEO and President)


Products
Agriculture, Construction, Forestry, Consumer & Commercial equipment, Diesel engines, Automobiles


Services
Financial services


Revenue
 US$26.644 billion (2016)[2]



Operating income

 US$2.988 billion (2016)[2]



Net income

 US$1.524 billion (2016)[2]


Total assets
 US$57.981 billion (2016)[2]


Total equity
 US$6.520 billion (2016)[2]



Number of employees

56,767 (2016)[2]


Website
www.deere.com


Deere & Company (brand name John Deere) is an American corporation that manufactures agricultural, construction, and forestry machinery, diesel engines, drivetrains (axles, transmissions, gearboxes) used in heavy equipment, and lawn care equipment. In 2016, it was listed as 97th in the Fortune 500 America's ranking and was ranked 364th in the global ranking in 2016.[3][4] John Deere also provides financial services and other related activities.
Deere is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol DE.[5] The company's slogan is "Nothing Runs Like a Deere", and its logo is a leaping deer, with the words 'JOHN DEERE' under it. The logo has been used by the company for over 155 years.



Contents


1 19th century
2 20th century
3 21st century
4 Products

4.1 Agricultural equipment
4.2 Construction equipment
4.3 Forestry equipment
4.4 Other products


5 Factories
6 Equipment divisions
7 Subsidiaries and affiliates

7.1 Current
7.2 Former


8 Pop culture
9 Sponsorships
10 Controversies
11 Green Magazine
12 See also
13 References
14 Further reading
15 External links



19th century[edit]



This section needs additional citations for verification. (April 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


Deere & Company began when John Deere, born in Rutland, Vermont, USA on February 7, 1804, moved to Grand Detour, Illinois in 1836 to escape bankruptcy in Vermont. Already an established blacksmith, Deere opened a 1,378-square-foot (128 m2) shop in Grand Detour in 1837, which allowed him to serve as a general repairman in the village, as well as a manufacturer of small tools such as pitchforks and shovels. Small tools production was just a start; the item that set him apart, was the self-scouring steel plow, which was pioneered in 1837 when John Deere fashioned a Scottish steel saw blade into a plow. Prior to Deere's steel plow, most farmers used iron or wooden plows to which the rich Midwestern soil stuck, so had to be cleaned frequently. The smooth-sided steel plow solved this problem, and greatly aided migration into the American Great Plains in the 19th and early 20th centuries.
The traditional way of doing business was to make the product as and when it was ordered. This style was very slow, As Deere realized that this was not going to be a viable business model, he increased the rate of production by manufacturing plows before putting them up for sale; this allowed customers to not only see what they were buying beforehand, but also allowed his customers to purchase his products straight away. Word of his products began to spread quickly.
In 1842, Deere entered a business partnership with Leonard Andrus and purchased land for the construction of a new, two-story factory along the Rock River in Illinois. This factory, named the "L. Andrus Plough Manufacturer", produced about 100 plows in 1842 and around 400 plows during the next year. Deere's partnership with Andrus ended in 1848, and Deere relocated to Moline, Illinois, to have access to the railroad and the Mississippi River. There, Deere formed a partnership with Robert Tate and John Gould and built a 1,440-square-foot (134 m2) factory the same year. Production rose quickly, and by 1849, the Deere, Tate & Gould Company was producing over 200 plows a month. A two-story addition to the plant was built, allowing further production.




Company logo used between 1876 and 1912


Deere bought out Tate and Gould's interests in the company in 1853, and was joined in the business by his son Charles Deere. At that time, the company was manufacturing a variety of farm equipment products in addition to plows, including wagons, corn planters, and cultivators. In 1857, the company's production totals reached almost 1,120 implements per month. In 1858, a nationwide financial recession took a toll on the company. To prevent bankruptcy, the company was reorganized and Deere sold his interests in the business to his son-in-law, Christopher Webber, and his son, Charles Deere, who would take on most of his father's managerial roles. John Deere served as president of the company until 1886. The company was reorganized again in 1868, when it was incorporated as Deere & Company. While the company's original stockholders were Charles Deere, Stephen Velie, George Vinton, and John Deere, Charles effectively ran the company. In 1869, Charles began to introduce marketing centers and independent retail dealers to advance the company's sales nationwide. This same year, Deere & Company won "Best and Greatest Display of Plows in Variety" at the 17th Annual Illinois State Fair, for which it won $10 and a Silver Medal.[6]
The core focus remained on the agricultural implements, but John Deere apparently also made a few bicycles in the 1890s.[citation needed]
20th century[edit]




John Deere Plow & Cultivators Co.'s New Orleans House, 1903


Increased competition during the early 1900s from the new International Harvester Company led the company to expand its offerings in the implement business, but the production of gasoline tractors came to define Deere & Company's operations during the 20th century.




Company logo used between 1912 and 1936


In 1912, Deere & Company president William Butterworth (Charles' son-in-law), who had replaced Charles Deere after his death in 1907, began the company's expansion into the tractor business. Deere & Company briefly experimented with its own tractor models, the most successful of which was the Dain All-Wheel-Drive, but in the end decided to continue its foray into the tractor business by purchasing the Waterloo Gasoline Engine Company in 1918, which manufactured the popular Waterloo Boy tractor at its facilities in Waterloo, Iowa. Deere & Company continued to sell tractors under the Waterloo Boy name until 1923, when the John Deere Model D was introduced. The company continues to manufacture a large percentage of its tractors in Waterloo, Iowa, namely the 7R, 8R, and 9R series.
The company produced its first combine harvester, the John Deere No. 2, in 1927. A year later, this innovation was followed up by the introduction of John Deere No. 1, a smaller machine that was more popular with customers. By 1929, the No. 1 and No. 2 were replaced by newer, lighter-weight harvesters. In the 1930s, John Deere and other farm equipment manufacturers began developing hillside harvesting technology. Harvesters now had the ability to effectively use their combines to harvest grain on hillsides with up to a 50% slope gradient.[7]
On an episode of the Travel Channel series Made in America that profiled Deere & Company, host John Ratzenberger stated that the company never repossessed any equipment from American farmers during the Great Depression.[8]
During World War II, the great-grandson of John Deere, Charles Deere Wiman, was president of the company, but he accepted a commission as a colonel in the U.S. Army. A replacement was hired and before returning to work at the company in late 1944, Wiman directed the farm machinery and equipment division of the War Production Board.[9] In addition to farm machinery, John Deere manufactured military tractors, and transmissions for the M3 tank. They also made aircraft parts, ammunition, and mobile laundry units to support the war effort.[10]
In 1947, John Deere introduced its first self-propelled combine, the model 55. It was soon followed by the smaller models 40 and 45, the larger model 95, and an even larger model 105 was introduced in the 1960s. In the mid-1950s, Deere introduced attachable corn heads, allowing crop producers to cut, shell, and clean corn in one smooth operation.[7]
In 1956, Deere & Company bought-out the German tractor manufacturer, Heinrich Lanz AG (see Lanz Bulldog).




A John Deere-Lanz 700 tractor


On August 30, 1960, John Deere dealers from around the world converged on Dallas, Texas, for an unprecedented product showcase. Deere Day in Dallas, as the event was called, introduced the world to the "New Generation of Power", the company’s first modern four-cylinder and six-cylinder tractors, during a day packed with high-tech presentations, live demonstrations, and a parking lot full of brand-new green and yellow machines. The line of tractors introduced that day was five years in the making, and the event itself took months to plan. Deere chose Dallas to host the event partly because it was home to facilities large enough to accommodate the 6,000 guests and the equipment they were all there to see. The Dallas Memorial Auditorium, the Texas State Fairgrounds Coliseum, the Cotton Bowl, and the Cotton Bowl parking lot were each the site of part of the event. During the event, a new John Deere tractor with a diamond-covered nameplate was displayed for all to see inside Neiman-Marcus, a popular Dallas-based department store.
According to information released by the company at the time of the event, John Deere dealers and key employees came to Dallas via the "largest commercial airlift of its type ever attempted." During the 24 hours leading up to the event, 16 airlines brought Deere employees and sales people from all over the United States and Canada to Love Field in Dallas. Bill Hewitt, then chairman and CEO of Deere & Company, welcomed the dealers and introduced the new tractors. Hewitt told the guests they were about to see "a line of entirely new tractors – completely modern in every respect – with outstanding features not duplicated in any other make of tractor."
Since entering the tractor business in 1918, John Deere had focused on two-cylinder machines. The New Generation of Power introduced at Deere Day in Dallas was very different from anything Deere had built before. The new line of four- and six-cylinder tractors, the models 1010, 2010, 3010, and 4010, were more far more powerful than Deere's two-cylinder models, and also easier and more comfortable to operate, with conveniently located controls, better visibility, and improved seat suspension. These new tractors were also easier to service.[11]
The 4010 was rated at 80 horsepower in 1960, but tested at 84 horsepower during testing trials, making it one of the most powerful two-wheel-drive farm tractors at that time. The 4010 was the predecessor to the 4020, which is widely regarded as the most popular tractor ever produced by John Deere, and perhaps any tractor manufacturer in the United States. Although the 4020, which was available with Deere's optional Power Shift, enjoyed greater popularity, the 4010 moved John Deere into the modern era of farm tractor technology and design following its successful history as a tractor manufacturer that was by the late 1950s experiencing waning market share due to its outdated technology.
In addition to the advanced engine technology, the "10" series tractors offered many other upgrades from the older two-cylinder models they replaced, including significantly higher horsepower-to-weight ratio, advanced hydraulics, more convenient and comfortable operator stations, and many other improvements. Of the "10" series John Deere tractors introduced in 1960, the 4010 was by far the most popular, with more than 58,000 units sold from 1960 to 1963. The success of the "10" series John Deere tractors, led by the 4010, helped propel John Deere from a 23% market share in 1959 to 34% by 1964 when the 4020 was introduced, making it the top manufacturer of farm equipment in the United States.[12][13][14]
In 1972, Deere introduced its new 'Sound Idea' tractors, the 4030, 4230, 4430, and 4630. While these tractors were mechanically similar to the New Generation tractors they replaced, and the 4230, 4430, and 4630 used a 404-cubic-inch displacement engine like the 4020, they featured redesigned sheet metal and most importantly they were available with an optional completely integrated operator's cab that John Deere called the Sound Gard body. This insulated cab that included a roll-over protective structure had a distinctive rounded windshield and came equipped with heat and air conditioning, as well as speakers for an optional radio. An 8-track tape player was also available as an option. The 5020 was replaced by the very similar 6030 and continued in production with New Generation styling until 1977 when the 30 Series tractors were replaced by Deere's 'Iron Horse' series that included the 90-hp 4040, 110-hp 4240, 130-hp 4440, 150-HP 4640, and 180-hp 4840. The 4240, 4440, 4640, and 4840 featured a new 466-cubic-inch displacement engine, and improvements to the cab including an optional hydraulic seat for a smoother ride. The Sound Gard body and Power Shift transmission were standard equipment on the 4840.
In 1983, Deere introduced the 4050, 4250, 4450, 4650, and 4850. These tractors were essentially the same machines as the Iron Horses they replaced, but with significant upgrades. They offered a new 15-speed Power Shift transmission, and were available with optional mechanical front-wheel drive featuring caster action for better traction and a tighter turning radius. They also featured cosmetic upgrades, including a new light brown cab interior, not the black interior on previous models. These tractors were followed by the mechanically similar 55 and 60 series tractors before they were replaced by the Deere's completely redesigned 7000 and 8000 series tractors in the early 1990s.
In the 1962 Illinois Manufacturers Directory (50th anniversary edition), John Deere, listed as Deere and Company, claimed a total work force of 35,000, of which 9,000 were in Illinois. The corporate headquarters were located at 1325 Third Ave. in Moline, Illinois, with six manufacturing plants located around that city and a seventh plant in Hoopston, Illinois. The six plants in Moline were listed as:

John Deere Harvester Works at 1100 - 13th Ave., East Moline, where 3,000 employees made agricultural implements
John Deere Industrial Equipment Works at 301 Third Ave., Moline, where 500 employees made earth-moving equipment
John Deere Malleable Works at 1335-13th Street, East Moline, where 600 employees made malleable and nodular iron castings
John Deere Planter Works at 501 Third Ave., Moline, where 1,000 employees made agricultural implements *John Deere Plow Works at 1225 Third Ave., Moline, where 1,100 employees made agricultural implements
John Deere Spreader Works at 1209-13th Ave., Moline where 800 employees made agricultural implements

The John Deere Vermilion Works was located at North Sixth Ave., Hoopston, Illinois, where 140 employees were listed as making iron work and implement parts. Moline, with 42,705 residents in 1962, had the local 7,000 employees of John Deere represent 16% of the city's entire population.[15]
In 1969, John Deere followed its New Generation tractors of the 1960s with a New Generation of combines. These included the 3300, 4400, 6600, and 7700. These models were also the first to come with Quik-Tatch header mounting capabilities as standard equipment. In the 1980s, these combines were followed by the 4420, 6620, 7720, and 8820 that were essentially updated and improved versions of the previous models with larger capacity, a nicer cab, and easier maintenance and service. The 4420 was discontinued in 1984 and replaced by the 4425 combine imported from Germany, and the 6620, 7720, and 8820 received the Titan II updates.
In 1989, Deere replaced the 6620, 7720, and 8820 with a new line of completely redesigned 'Maximizer' combines that included the 9400, 9500, and 9600 walker combines. These combines were completely redesigned and featured a center-mounted cab, rear-mounted engine, and more comforts in the cab. Also in 1989, Deere was inducted into the National Inventors Hall of Fame. In 1997, Deere celebrated 50 years of self-propelled combine production, and the 1997 models featured a 50th-anniversary decal. In 1998, the 9410, 9510, and 9610 were introduced. These were essentially the same machines, but with minor upgrades. Deere dealers offered '10 series' upgrades to owners of older 9000 series Maximizer combines. In 1999, Deere introduced the 50 series Maximizer combines. These machines featured significant cosmetic upgrades including a more streamlined appearance, improved ergonomics in the cab, PTO shaft-style header hook-up, and the larger models were available as rotary machines which were a complete departure from the combines that Deere had built in the past.[16]
In the late 1970s, International Harvester had pioneered rotary combines with their Axial flow machines, and were soon followed by other manufacturers, but Deere continued to build only conventional walker combines through the 1980s and 1990s. In 1999, John Deere introduced the Single-Tine Separation (STS) system on its 9550, 9650, and 9750 combines, representing a step forward in rotary combine technology. The STS system uses less horsepower and improves material handling.[7]
21st century[edit]
As of 2014[update], Deere & Company employed about 67,000 people worldwide, of which half are in the United States and Canada, and is the largest agriculture machinery company in the world. In August 2014, the company announced it was indefinitely laying off 600 of its workers at plants in Illinois, Iowa, and Kansas due to less demand for its products.[17] Inside the United States, the company's primary locations are its administrative center in Moline, Illinois, and manufacturing factories in central and southeastern United States.[18] As of 2016[update], the company experiments with an electric farm tractor.[19]
The logo of the leaping deer has been used by this company for over 155 years. Over the years, the logo has had minor changes and pieces removed. Some of the older style logos have the deer leaping over a log.[20][21] The company uses different logo colors for agricultural vs. construction products. The company's agricultural products are identifiable by a distinctive shade of green paint, with the inside border being yellow. While the construction products are identifiable by a shade of black with the deer being yellow, and the inside border also being yellow.
Products[edit]
John Deere manufactures a wide range of products, with several models of each in many cases.
Agricultural equipment[edit]
Agricultural products include, among others, tractors, combine harvesters, cotton harvesters, balers, planters/seeders, silage machines, and sprayers.
See also: List of John Deere tractors







Tractor









Tracked tractor (9630T)









FEL attachment









Combine









Forage harvester









Cotton picker









Sugarcane harvester









Seed drill









Field sprayer









Telescopic handler









Horse drawn manure spreader




Construction equipment[edit]
Construction equipment includes:







Excavator









Loader









Tracked loader









Backhoe









Skid-steer









Grader




Forestry equipment[edit]
John Deere manufactures a range of forestry machinery, among others, harvesters, forwarders, skidders. feller bunchers and log loaders. Timberjack is a subsidiary of John Deere since 2000.







Harvester









Forwarder









Skidder




Other products[edit]
The company manufactures lawn mowers and also is a manufacturer of consumer and commercial equipment, and snow throwers, as well as a supplier of diesel engines and powertrains (axles, transmissions, etc.) used especially in heavy equipment.[citation needed]
Other products were/are snowmobiles, all-terrain vehicles, and StarFire (a wide-area differential GPS).







Lawn mower









UTV (Gator)









Diesel engine




Factories[edit]




The John Deere Pavilion in Moline, Illinois






Horicon Works in Horicon, Wisconsin






John Deere factory in Mannheim, Germany






John Deere representatives at the Encuentro Empresarial Coparmex in Chihuahua, Mexico.






New John Deere tractors on a barge, Mannheim Harbour


Major North American factories include:

Harvester Works (large combine harvesters) East Moline, Illinois
Cylinder Internal Platform (hydraulic cylinders) Moline, Illinois
Seeding Group (planting equipment) Moline, Illinois and Valley City, North Dakota
Davenport Works (wheel loaders, motor graders, articulated dump trucks, wheeled forestry equipment) Davenport, Iowa
Dubuque Works (backhoes, crawlers, skid-steer loaders, tracked forestry equipment) Dubuque, Iowa
Des Moines Works (tillage equipment, cotton harvesters, sprayers) Ankeny, Iowa
Ottumwa Works (hay and forage equipment) Ottumwa, Iowa
Thibodaux Works (cane-harvesting equipment, scrapers) Thibodaux, Louisiana
Horicon Works (lawn and garden and turf care) Horicon, Wisconsin
Augusta Works (small commercial and agricultural tractors) Augusta, Georgia
Turf Care (specialty golf equipment and commercial mowing) Fuquay Varina, North Carolina
Industrias John Deere (agricultural tractors; construction equipment) (Monterrey, Mexico)
Motores John Deere (power systems; 6- and 4-cylinder engines, heavy-duty axles) Torreon, Mexico
Coffeyville Works (transmissions, pump drives, planetaries) Coffeyville, Kansas
Waterloo Works (tractor, cab, and assembly operations, drivetrain operations, foundry operations, service parts operations) Waterloo, Iowa
Power Systems and Engine Works (power systems and engines) Waterloo, Iowa

Other important factories:

John Deere Usine Saran (power systems), Fleury-les-Aubrais, France
John Deere Argentina (engines, tractors, and combine harvesters), Granadero Baigorria, Santa Fe, Argentina
John Deere Equipment Pvt Ltd (5000-series tractors) Pune, India
John Deere Equipment Pvt Ltd (5000-series tractors), Dewas, India
John Deere Electronic solutions, Pune, India
John Deere Harvester Works, Sirhind-Fategarh, India
John Deere Werke Mannheim (6000-series tractors), Mannheim, Germany
John Deere Brasil: Montenegro, Rio Grande do Sul (tractors), Horizontina - RS (harvesters and planters), Catalão - GO (sugarcane harvesters)
John Deere Werke Zweibrücken (harvesting equipment) Zweibrücken, Germany
John Deere Fabriek Horst (pulled and self-propelled agricultural sprayers) Horst, The Netherlands
John Deere Forestry Oy (forwarders, wheeled harvesters) Joensuu, Finland
John Deere Reman[22] remanufacturing components for off-highway vehicles: facilities in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada (cylinders, axles, transmissions, pumps, hydraulic and powertrain components) and Springfield, Missouri, USA (engines, fuel systems, turbochargers).
Sabo (consumer and commercial lawn equipment) Gummersbach, Germany





John Deere Combine harvesters being transported by railway on goods wagons in Tyrone, Pennsylvania, in the United States


Equipment divisions[edit]


Name
City/State
Country
Products
Division
Comments


Industrias John Deere Argentina S.A.
Santa Fe
Argentina
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Limited Parts Distribution Center
Derrimut, Victoria
Australia
 
Agriculture
 


Auteq Telematica S.A.
São Paulo
Brazil
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Brazil Ltda. - Unidade Catalão
Catalão (GO)
Brazil
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Brazil Ltda. - Unidade Horizontina
Horizontina (RS)
Brazil
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Brazil Ltda. - Unidade Montenegro
Montenegro (RS)
Brazil
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere (Harbin) Agriculture Machinery Co., Ltd.
Jiamusi, Heilongjiang
China
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere (Ningbo) Agriculture Machinery Co., Ltd.
Zhenhai District, Ningbo
China
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere (Tianjin) Agriculture Machinery Co., Ltd.
Tianjin
China
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Usine d'Arc-les-Gray, France
Gray Cedex
France
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere GmbH & Co. KG
Bruchsal
Germany
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere GmbH & Co. KG
Mannheim
Germany
 
Agriculture
 


Maschinenfabrik Kemper GmbH & Co.KG
Stadtlohn
Germany
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere GmbH & Co. KG
Zweibruecken
Germany
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Equipment Private Ltd.
Dist. Pune - 412208 Maharashtra
India
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere India Private Limited
Patiala Punjab 147 001
India
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere India Pvt. Ltd.
Dewas (Madhya Pradesh)
India
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere BH Works Ltd
Park Zvaim
Israel
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Cylinder Internal Platform
Ramos Arizpe, Coah.
Mexico
 
Agriculture
 


Industrias John Deere S.A. de C.V.
Monterrey, N.L.
Mexico
 
Agriculture
 


Industrias John Deere, S.A. de C.V.
Zona Centro, Saltillo, Coah.
Mexico
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Ramos
Ramos Arizpe, Coah.
Mexico
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Fabriek Horst B.V.
Horst
Netherlands
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Domodedovo
Domodedovo
Russia
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Orenburg
Orenburg
Russia
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Ibérica, S.
Madrid
Spain
 
Agriculture
 


The Vapormatic Company Ltd.
Exeter
United Kingdom
 
Agriculture
 


NavCom Technology, Inc.
Torrance, CA
United States
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Cylinder Internal Platform
Moline, IL
United States
Cylinder manufacturing
Agriculture
 


John Deere Harvester Works
East Moline, IL
United States
Large combine harvesters
Agriculture
 


John Deere Seeding Group
East Moline, IL
United States
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Des Moines Works
Ankeny, IA
United States
Sprayers, cotton harvesters, and tillage equipment
Agriculture
 


John Deere Ottumwa Works
Ottumwa, IA
United States
Baling technology
Agriculture
 


John Deere Paton
Paton, IA
United States
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Intelligent Solutions Group - Urbandale
Urbandale, IA
United States
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Waterloo Works - Tractor, Cab, and Assembly Operations
Waterloo, IA
United States
6R, 7R, 8R/8RT, and 9R/9RT Series tractors
Agriculture
 


John Deere Waterloo Works - Drivetrain Operations
Waterloo, IA
United States
Transmissions, drives, and axle machining and assembly
Agriculture
 


John Deere Waterloo Works - Service Parts Operations
Waterloo, IA
United States
Tractor service parts
Agriculture
 


John Deere Waterloo Works - Foundry Operations
Waterloo, IA
United States
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Thibodaux
Thibodaux, LA
United States
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Seeding Group
Valley City, ND
United States
 
Agriculture
 


Waratah Forestry Equipment Pty. Ltd
Melton, Victoria
Australia
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Brazil Ltda.
Lado Direito Indaiatuba – São Paulo
Brazil
 
Construction and forestry
 


Deere Hitachi
Indaiatuba, São Paulo
Brazil
 
Construction and forestry
 


Deere-Hitachi Specialty Products (DHSP) — Langley
Langley, British Columbia
Canada
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Reman — Edmonton
Alberta
Canada
 
Construction and forestry
 


Waratah Forestry Equipment Canada, Ltd.
Kamloops, BC
Canada
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere (Tianjin) Company Limited
Tianjin
China
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Forestry — Joensuu, Finland
Joensuu
Finland
 
Construction and forestry
 


Waratah OM Oy
Joensuu, Finland
Finland
 
Construction and forestry
 


Ashok Leyland John Deere Construction Equipment Pvt. Ltd.
Tamil Nadu
India
 
Construction and forestry
 


Industrias John Deere S.A. de C.V.
Garza Garcia, Nuevo Leon
Mexico
 
Construction and forestry
 


Waratah NZ Ltd.
Tokoroa Waikato
New Zealand
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Domodedovo
Moscow
Russia
 
Construction and forestry
 


Bell Equipment Limited
Empangeni
South Africa
 
Construction and forestry
 


Waratah Forestry Attachment, LLC.
Peachtree City, GA
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Construction & Forestry Company
Moline, IL
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Davenport Works
Davenport, IA
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Training Center - Davenport
Davenport, IA
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Dubuque Works
Dubuque, IA
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Reman — Springfield
Springfield, MO
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


Deere-Hitachi Construction Machinery Corp.
Kernersville, NC
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


Waratah Forestry Attachment, LLC
Kelso, WA
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


SABO - Maschinenfabrik GmbH
Gummersbach
Germany
 
Turf
 


John Deere Commercial Products
Grovetown, GA
United States
 
Turf
 


John Deere Turf Care
Fuquay-Varina, NC
United States
 
Turf
 


John Deere Training Center - Morrisville
Morrisville, NC
United States
 
Turf
 


Transaxle Manufacturing of America Corporation
Rock Hill, SC
United States
 
Turf
 


John Deere Power Products
Greeneville, TN
United States
 
Turf
 


John Deere Horicon Works
Horicon, WI
United States
 
Turf
 


Subsidiaries and affiliates[edit]
Current[edit]

AGRIS Corporation (John Deere Agri Services)




John Deere 8530 tractor with Kinze 3700 planter



John Deere Ag Management Solutions (intelligent mobile equipment technologies) Urbandale, Iowa
John Deere Capital Corporation
John Deere Financial[23] (John Deere Credit and Finance) Johnston, Iowa.
Kemper (row tolerant headers for forage harvesters and combines) Stadtlohn, Germany
Waratah Forestry Attachments (forestry harvesting heads) Tokoroa, New Zealand
Agreentech
NavCom Technology, Inc. (precision positioning systems, see also StarFire) Torrance, California
John Deere Electronic Solutions (Ruggedized electronics) Fargo, North Dakota
Ningbo Benye Tractor & Automobile Manufacture Co. Ltd. (low HP tractors) Ningbo, China
Machinefinder (used equipment division and marketplace)
John Deere Technology Innovation Center located in Research Park, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign
QCFS and Consolidating (attachment distribution center) Davenport, IA

Former[edit]

John Deere Renewables, LLC, a wind energy plant manufacturing arm which represented John Deere's extension into the renewable energy industry - under which it had successfully completed 36 projects in eight US states - was sold to Exelon Energy in August 2010.[24]

Pop culture[edit]

Joe Diffie released a song in 1993 called "John Deere Green", a top-five hit.
Kenny Chesney released a song in 1999 called "She Thinks my Tractor's Sexy" referencing John Deere Tractors, saying "She ain't into cars or pick up trucks,

But if it runs like a Deere, man, her eyes light up"

George Jones famously drove a John Deere lawn tractor to a liquor store after his wife had taken away his car keys to keep him from driving drunk. The incident was later memorialized as part of country music lore in numerous songs and videos, including Jones’ own “Honky Tonk Song” in 1996. Twelve years earlier, the video for Hank Williams Jr.’s “All My Rowdy Friends Are Coming Over Tonight” featured George Jones riding a lawnmower. Vince Gill’s 1993 hit “One More Last Chance” includes the line, “She might have took my car keys, but she forgot about my old John Deere.” The video ends with Gill on a John Deere tractor passing Jones on a John Deere lawnmower. The video for John Rich’s “Country Done Come to Town” also features Jones on a riding lawnmower.[25]

Sponsorships[edit]

The John Deere Classic is an American professional golf tournament sponsored by the company.
John Deere sponsored the #23 and #97 cars for NASCAR driver Chad Little in the late 1990s.[26]

Controversies[edit]
Some groups, including the Electronic Frontier Foundation,[27][28] have taken issue with the fact that John Deere's license covering the internal software on tractor control computers does not allow them to modify the software and that John Deere claims doing so would be DMCA forbidden bypassing of DRM.[29] John Deere locks tractors digitally under usage of the DMCA DRM-law to prevent the DIY repairing by the owning farmers, stating safety concerns as reason.[30]
Green Magazine[edit]
Green Magazine is a publication devoted to John Deere enthusiasts[31][32] which began in November 1984 by Richard and Carol Hain of Bee, Nebraska. The first issue mailed in early November 1984 to 135 paid subscribers consisted of 10 black and white pages with features on tractors, letters from readers, and advertisements.[33] At the time, the magazine was published bimonthly. The writing was done in Lincoln, Nebraska, and it was mailed from the Bee, Nebraska, post office. The magazine grew rapidly, and in 1990, bowing to public demand, the magazine became a monthly. Circulation continued to increase, and at the current time hovers around 30,000. The magazine now generally contains 88 full-color pages and is perfect bound. It is now printed in Michigan and mailed from several different post offices throughout the country.
Current content usually includes a "Tip of the Month" article covering New Generation restoration written by Dan Brotzman, a "Youngtimer" article written by Tyler Buchheit, "Shop Talk" by Ron and JoAnn O'Neill, "Saw it On eBay" by Adam Smith and Benjamin Hain, "Scale Models" by Bill Proft, "What's New and Old" by Greg Stephen, "Feature Model" by Benjamin Hain, "Do You Have One of These" by Richard Hain, and "Mr. Thinker", which is said to be written by "a variety of experts".
See also[edit]


Companies portal
Agriculture and Agronomy portal



John Deere World Headquarters
List of John Deere tractors
John Deere Buck

References[edit]


^ VanderMey, Anne (February 25, 2013). "John Deere Plows Ahead". Fortune. 167 (3): 19. 
^ a b c d e f https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/DE/financials?p=DE
^ "Fortune 500". Fortune. Retrieved 2016-08-31. 
^ "Global 500". Fortune. Retrieved 2016-08-31. 
^ https://www.nyse.com/quote/XNYS:DE, retrieved 2014-07-22.
^ Reynolds, John P. "Transactions of the Illinois State Agricultural Society, with Reports from County and District Agricultural Societies", Illinois Journal Printing Office, 1871, pg. 43,
^ a b c "A Brief Look at John Deere Combine History: 86 Years of Evolution". blog.machinefinder.com. Retrieved 2016-02-07. 
^ Pure genius: the inventor's hall of fame. Independent.co.uk (2008-02-22). Retrieved on 2011-01-03.
^ "John Deere War Hero's Recognized for Patriotism". blog.machinefinder.com. Retrieved 2016-02-07. 
^ "Agricultural Machinery during the 1940s". livinghistoryfarm.org. Retrieved 2016-02-07. 
^ "A Big Day for Deere" (PDF). The Plowshare. 14: 1–6. 27 March 2009. Retrieved 2016-02-07. 
^ Peter Easterlund. "TractorData.com John Deere 4010 tractor information". tractordata.com. 
^ "Archived copy". Archived from the original on 2015-06-22. Retrieved 2016-01-11. 
^ "John Deere 4010". agriculture.com. 
^ Illinois Manufacturers Directory, Manufacturers' News, Inc. Chicago, IL, copyright 1962, p. 1503, 1594–1595
^ http://farmindustrynews.com/show-me-rotaries
^ "Hit by weak crop prices Deere to lay off 600 manufacturing staff". Chicago Chronicle. 15 August 2014. Retrieved 2014-08-15. 
^ John Deere worldwide
^ "John Deere unveils latest all-electric tractor prototype for zero-emission agriculture". Electrek. 5 December 2016. Retrieved 5 December 2016. 
^ "John Deere History". www.deere.com. Retrieved 2015-04-06. 
^ History of the John Deere Trademark Trademarks
^ John Deere Reman Homepage Archived 2009-07-24 at the Wayback Machine.. Deere.com (2009-03-20). Retrieved on 2011-01-03.
^ John Deere Credit is your source for equipment financing solutions - John Deere Credit, U.S.A Archived 2008-12-09 at the Wayback Machine.. Deere.com. Retrieved on 2011-01-03.
^ Deere Reaches Agreement for Sale of Wind Energy Business. Deere.com (2010-08-31). Retrieved on 2011-01-03.
^ http://www.savingcountrymusic.com/george-jones-his-notorious-riding-lawnmower/
^ "Chad Little Sprint Cup All Star race results". Racing Reference. Retrieved 2014-06-09. 
^ Automakers Say You Don’t Really Own Your Car on eff.org (April 2015)
^ John Deere Really Doesn’t Want You to Own That Tractor on eff.org by Kit Walsh (December 20, 2016)
^ Wiens, Kyle (21 April 2015). "We Can’t Let John Deere Destroy the Very Idea of Ownership". Wired. Retrieved 2015-04-27. 
^ Sydell, Laura (2015-08-17). "DIY Tractor Repair Runs Afoul Of Copyright Law". npr.com. Retrieved 2015-08-31. And the little computer screen lets him know when something is wrong. Unfortunately, Alford isn't allowed to fix it. John Deere has a digital lock on the software that runs his tractor. And it won't give him the key. [...] The company went on to say that unqualified individuals could endanger customer safety. 
^ "John Deere Two-Cylinder Tractor Buyer's Guide". 
^ "Standard Catalog of John Deere Tractors 1st". 
^ Mary Lou Montgomery. "John Deere heritage runs deep on Missouri farm". Neosho Daily News. Retrieved 2015-06-04. 


Further reading[edit]

Broehl, Wayne G., Jr. (1984). John Deere's Company: A History of Deere & Company and Its Times. New York City: Doubleday. ISBN 9780385196642. OCLC 10606276. 
Dahlstrom, Jeremy; Dahlstrom, Neil (2005). The John Deere Story: A Biography of Plowmakers John & Charles Deere. Dekalb, Illinois: Northern Illinois University Press. ISBN 9780875803364. OCLC 56753352. 
Kendall, Edward C. (1959). John Deere's Steel Plow. Washington, D.C.: Smithsonian Institution. OCLC 3302873. 

External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to John Deere.



Official website
Green Magazine
John Deere at RitchieWiki, the Equipment Wiki



Business data for John Deere: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings










v
t
e


John Deere



Vehicles



4020 Tractor
5220 Tractor
9630 Tractor
Buck ATV
DB120 Planter
Gator ATV
Military Robot
Snowmobiles
Other Tractors





Divisions



Chamberlain (Australia)
Lanz Bulldog (Germany)
Matbro Forklifts
Nortrax Heavy Equipment
StarFire GPS
Timberjack Forestry





People



John Deere
Hans W. Becherer
John Rusling Block
George Peek





Other



Country Song
Golf Tournament
Museum
Pavilion
Supreme Court Case
TV Show
Video Game
World Headquarters












v
t
e


Illinois-based corporations



Fortune 500
corporations
(by size–2013)



Walgreens Boots Alliance
Archer Daniels Midland
Boeing
Caterpillar Inc.
State Farm Insurance
Abbott Laboratories
Sears Holdings
United Continental Holdings
Deere & Company
Mondelēz International
Allstate
McDonald's
Exelon
Kraft Heinz
Illinois Tool Works
Baxter International
Navistar International
RR Donnelley
CDW
Hillshire Brands
Discover Financial
W. W. Grainger
Motorola Solutions
Dover Corporation
Tenneco
Ingredion
Anixter
United Stationers
AbbVie
Old Republic International





Other major
public companies
(alphabetically)



ACCO Brands
Accretive Health
Allscripts
Amcol International Corporation
Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.
Brunswick Corporation
Calamos
Career Education Corporation
Catamaran Corporation
CBOE Holdings
CF Industries Holdings
CME Group
CNA Financial
Equity Residential
Fortune Brands Home & Security
General Growth Properties
Hospira
Hyatt Hotels Corp.
Integrys Energy Group
Jones Lang LaSalle
Kemper Corporation
Nalco Holding Company
Nicor
Northern Trust
RLI Corp.
Rubicon Technology
Stericycle
Telephone and Data Systems
Titan International
Tribune Media
Tronc
Tootsie Roll Industries
ULTA Beauty
US Foods
USG Corporation
Westell
Zebra Technologies





Other major
private companies
(alphabetically)



Ace Hardware
Baker & McKenzie
Blue Cross Blue Shield Association
Claire's
Country Financial
Danfoss Power Solutions
Dot Foods
Eby-Brown
Electro-Motive Diesel
Flex-N-Gate
Follett Corporation
Gardner Denver
Grant Thornton LLP
Health Care Service Corporation
Heico Cos.
Hendrickson International
Hub International
Jenner & Block
Kirkland & Ellis
Marmon Group
Mayer Brown
Medline Industries
Molex
Morton Salt
Nestlé Frozen Pizza
OSI Group
Pactiv
Reyes Holdings
Ryerson, Inc.
Sidley Austin
Skidmore, Owings & Merrill
Solo Cup Company
Tellabs
TransUnion
True Value
Wirtz Corporation





Related topics



Breweries in Illinois
Companies in the Chicago metropolitan area
Food manufacturers of Chicago
Newspapers in Illinois
Wineries in Illinois












v
t
e


Automotive industry in the United States






Automotive industry
Economy of the United States
Transportation in the United States





American vehicle
manufacturers
(list)



AGCO

Challenger Tractor
Massey Ferguson


AM General
American Expedition Vehicles
American Growler
Amp Electric Vehicles
Anteros Coachworks
Arcimoto
Armour Group, Inc.
ATK motorcycles
Aurica Motors
Autocar
Blue Bird
Boulder Electric Vehicle
Brammo
Brunton Stalker
Caterpillar
FCA US

Chrysler
Dodge
Jeep
Ram


CNH Industrial

Case CE
Case IH


Commuter Cars
Cushman
Cycle-Scoot
DeLorean
Chenowth Racing Products
Eagle Bus
Environmental Performance Vehicles
Equus
Elio Motors
Faraday Future
Fisker Inc.
Ford

Lincoln
SVT


General Dynamics Land Systems
General Motors

Buick
Cadillac
Chevrolet
GMC


Gillig
Glaval Bus
GreenTech
Harley-Davidson
HDT Global
Hennessey
HME
John Deere
Karma Automotive
Legacy
Local Motors
Lockheed Martin
Lingenfelter
Lenco Industries
Mack Trucks
Millennium Luxury Coaches
Morgan Olson
Mosler Automotive
MotoCzysz
Motor Coach Industries
Myers Motors
Navistar International

IC Bus
International


Nissan Commercial Vehicles
North American Bus Industries
Oka
Oshkosh

Pierce


Paccar

Kenworth
Peterbilt


Panoz
Phoenix Motorcars
Polaris Industries

Global Electric Motorcars
Indian
Victory


REV Group

Champion Bus
Collins
ElDorado National
E-One
Fleetwood
Goshen Coach
Holiday Rambler
Laymor
Wheeled Coach


Saleen
Shelby American
SSC North America
Starcraft Bus
Superformance
Tesla
Textron Marine & Land Systems
Trans Tech
TranStar Racing
Ultimaster
VIA Motors
Visionary Vehicles
Wheego Electric Cars
ZAP
Zimmer Motorcars





Foreign vehicle
manufacturers
with US operations



AB Volvo USA
BMW US Manufacturing Company
BYD Auto America
Changan USA
Daimler North America

Daimler Trucks North America

Thomas
Freightliner
Western Star




FAW Group USA
Fiat USA
FHI America
Honda of America

Acura


Hyundai USA
Isuzu America
Kia Motors America
Mazda America
Mitsubishi Motors North America
New Flyer Industries(1)

New Flyer
NABI
Motor Coach Industries


Nissan USA
Peugeot USA
SAIC Motor USA
Suzuki America
Toyota Motor Sales, U.S.A.

Lexus
Scion


Volkswagen Group of America
Wanxiang America





Active factories



BMW US Manufacturing Company
Fiat Chrysler factories
Ford factories
General Motors factories
Honda of America factories
Hyundai Motor Manufacturing Alabama
Kia Motors Manufacturing Georgia
Mercedes-Benz U.S. International
Nissan North America
Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc.
Tesla Factory
Toyota Motor Engineering & Manufacturing North America
Volkswagen Chattanooga Assembly Plant





Components companies



Allison
BorgWarner
Caterpillar
Cummins
Delphi
Detroit Diesel
Eaton
Firestone
Goodyear
Nexteer
Remy International
Timken
Torrington
Visteon





Insurance and finance
companies



Allstate

Ecompass Insurance
Esurance


Ally Financial
Erie Insurance Group
Farmers Insurance Group

21st Century Insurance
Farmers Insurance


GM Financial
GMAC Insurance
Kemper Direct
Progressive
Safe Auto
State Farm





Design studios



Calty Design Research
Designworks





By state



Massachusetts





Former manufacturers(2)



Coda
FMC





Defunct vehicle
manufacturers



Allis-Chalmers
American Austin
American LaFrance
American Motors

Hudson

Essex
Terraplane


Nash
Rambler


Armor Holdings
Armored Motor Car Company
Auburn Automobile
Avanti Motor Corporation
Avery
BMC
Carbon Motors Corporation
Checker Motors Corporation
Commonwealth
Cord
Case
CNH Global
Duesenberg
Durant

Flint
Locomobile
Mason
Rugby
Star


Excalibur
FCA US

Eagle
Plymouth
Street & Racing Technology (still used as a trim for dodge vehicles)


Fiberfab
Fitch Four Drive
Fisker Automotive
Fisker Coachbuild
Force Protection
Ford

Continental
Edsel
Mercury


General Motors

Cartercar
Elmore
GM Diesel
Geo
Hummer
LaSalle
Marquette
McLaughlin
Oakland
Oldsmobile
Pontiac
Saturn
Scripps-Booth
Sheridan
Viking
Yellow Coach


Green Vehicles
Grumman
Henney
International Harvester
Jeffery
Kaiser-Frazer

Allstate
Frazer
Henry J
Kaiser
Willys


Marathon Motor Works
Marmon

Roosevelt


Marvel Motors
Matbro
Mercer
Monaco Coach
Muntz Car Company
Oliver Farm Equipment
Packard
Peerless Motor Company
Pierce-Arrow
Sebring Vanguard
Sterling Trucks
Studebaker

Erskine
Rockne


Stutz
Twentieth Century Motor Car Corporation
United Defense
VL
White
Wildfire





Defunct factories



Brampton Assembly (AMC)
Diamond-Star Motors
Fiat Chrysler factories closed
Ford factories closed
General Motors factories closed
NUMMI
Packard Automotive Plant
Volkswagen Westmoreland Assembly





Related topics



AAA
Chicago Auto Show
Interstate Highway System
National Highway Traffic Safety Administration
New York International Auto Show
North American International Auto Show
SAE International








(1)Although New Flyer is Canadian, their Subsidiaries, NABI and Motor Coach Industries, are headquartered in the U.S.


(2)Former meaning the company is no longer in the automotive manufacturing business


 Category
 Portal










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=John_Deere&oldid=790547656"					
Categories: John Deere1837 establishments in IllinoisAgriculture companies of the United StatesCompanies based in Rock Island County, IllinoisCompanies based in the Quad CitiesCompanies established in 1837Companies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeConstruction equipment manufacturersDefense companies of the United StatesEngine manufacturersDiesel engine manufacturersEngineering vehiclesGarden tool manufacturersLawn and garden tractorsManufacturing companies based in IllinoisMoline, IllinoisPower tool manufacturersTractor manufacturers of the United StatesHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksArticles needing additional references from April 2017All articles needing additional referencesArticles using small message boxesAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from May 2015Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2014All articles containing potentially dated statementsArticles containing potentially dated statements from 2016Articles with unsourced statements from September 2013 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


AfrikaansالعربيةБългарскиCatalàČeštinaDanskDeutschEspañolEuskaraفارسیFrançaisGalego한국어HrvatskiBahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתKurdîNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålNorsk nynorskPlattdüütschPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийСаха тылаSlovenščinaSuomiSvenskaTürkçe中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 14 July 2017, at 13:16.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









John Deere - Wikipedia






















 






John Deere

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

This article is about the company. For the person, see John Deere (inventor). For the tractor, see List of John Deere tractors.

Deere & Company





John Deere World Headquarters in Moline, Illinois




Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: DE
S&P 500 Component


Industry
Heavy equipment


Founded
Grand Detour, Illinois
(1837; 180 years ago (1837))[1]


Founder
John Deere


Headquarters
Moline, Illinois, United States



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

Samuel R. Allen
(CEO and President)


Products
Agriculture, Construction, Forestry, Consumer & Commercial equipment, Diesel engines, Automobiles


Services
Financial services


Revenue
 US$26.644 billion (2016)[2]



Operating income

 US$2.988 billion (2016)[2]



Net income

 US$1.524 billion (2016)[2]


Total assets
 US$57.981 billion (2016)[2]


Total equity
 US$6.520 billion (2016)[2]



Number of employees

56,767 (2016)[2]


Website
www.deere.com


Deere & Company (brand name John Deere) is an American corporation that manufactures agricultural, construction, and forestry machinery, diesel engines, drivetrains (axles, transmissions, gearboxes) used in heavy equipment, and lawn care equipment. In 2016, it was listed as 97th in the Fortune 500 America's ranking and was ranked 364th in the global ranking in 2016.[3][4] John Deere also provides financial services and other related activities.
Deere is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol DE.[5] The company's slogan is "Nothing Runs Like a Deere", and its logo is a leaping deer, with the words 'JOHN DEERE' under it. The logo has been used by the company for over 155 years.



Contents


1 19th century
2 20th century
3 21st century
4 Products

4.1 Agricultural equipment
4.2 Construction equipment
4.3 Forestry equipment
4.4 Other products


5 Factories
6 Equipment divisions
7 Subsidiaries and affiliates

7.1 Current
7.2 Former


8 Pop culture
9 Sponsorships
10 Controversies
11 Green Magazine
12 See also
13 References
14 Further reading
15 External links



19th century[edit]



This section needs additional citations for verification. (April 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


Deere & Company began when John Deere, born in Rutland, Vermont, USA on February 7, 1804, moved to Grand Detour, Illinois in 1836 to escape bankruptcy in Vermont. Already an established blacksmith, Deere opened a 1,378-square-foot (128 m2) shop in Grand Detour in 1837, which allowed him to serve as a general repairman in the village, as well as a manufacturer of small tools such as pitchforks and shovels. Small tools production was just a start; the item that set him apart, was the self-scouring steel plow, which was pioneered in 1837 when John Deere fashioned a Scottish steel saw blade into a plow. Prior to Deere's steel plow, most farmers used iron or wooden plows to which the rich Midwestern soil stuck, so had to be cleaned frequently. The smooth-sided steel plow solved this problem, and greatly aided migration into the American Great Plains in the 19th and early 20th centuries.
The traditional way of doing business was to make the product as and when it was ordered. This style was very slow, As Deere realized that this was not going to be a viable business model, he increased the rate of production by manufacturing plows before putting them up for sale; this allowed customers to not only see what they were buying beforehand, but also allowed his customers to purchase his products straight away. Word of his products began to spread quickly.
In 1842, Deere entered a business partnership with Leonard Andrus and purchased land for the construction of a new, two-story factory along the Rock River in Illinois. This factory, named the "L. Andrus Plough Manufacturer", produced about 100 plows in 1842 and around 400 plows during the next year. Deere's partnership with Andrus ended in 1848, and Deere relocated to Moline, Illinois, to have access to the railroad and the Mississippi River. There, Deere formed a partnership with Robert Tate and John Gould and built a 1,440-square-foot (134 m2) factory the same year. Production rose quickly, and by 1849, the Deere, Tate & Gould Company was producing over 200 plows a month. A two-story addition to the plant was built, allowing further production.




Company logo used between 1876 and 1912


Deere bought out Tate and Gould's interests in the company in 1853, and was joined in the business by his son Charles Deere. At that time, the company was manufacturing a variety of farm equipment products in addition to plows, including wagons, corn planters, and cultivators. In 1857, the company's production totals reached almost 1,120 implements per month. In 1858, a nationwide financial recession took a toll on the company. To prevent bankruptcy, the company was reorganized and Deere sold his interests in the business to his son-in-law, Christopher Webber, and his son, Charles Deere, who would take on most of his father's managerial roles. John Deere served as president of the company until 1886. The company was reorganized again in 1868, when it was incorporated as Deere & Company. While the company's original stockholders were Charles Deere, Stephen Velie, George Vinton, and John Deere, Charles effectively ran the company. In 1869, Charles began to introduce marketing centers and independent retail dealers to advance the company's sales nationwide. This same year, Deere & Company won "Best and Greatest Display of Plows in Variety" at the 17th Annual Illinois State Fair, for which it won $10 and a Silver Medal.[6]
The core focus remained on the agricultural implements, but John Deere apparently also made a few bicycles in the 1890s.[citation needed]
20th century[edit]




John Deere Plow & Cultivators Co.'s New Orleans House, 1903


Increased competition during the early 1900s from the new International Harvester Company led the company to expand its offerings in the implement business, but the production of gasoline tractors came to define Deere & Company's operations during the 20th century.




Company logo used between 1912 and 1936


In 1912, Deere & Company president William Butterworth (Charles' son-in-law), who had replaced Charles Deere after his death in 1907, began the company's expansion into the tractor business. Deere & Company briefly experimented with its own tractor models, the most successful of which was the Dain All-Wheel-Drive, but in the end decided to continue its foray into the tractor business by purchasing the Waterloo Gasoline Engine Company in 1918, which manufactured the popular Waterloo Boy tractor at its facilities in Waterloo, Iowa. Deere & Company continued to sell tractors under the Waterloo Boy name until 1923, when the John Deere Model D was introduced. The company continues to manufacture a large percentage of its tractors in Waterloo, Iowa, namely the 7R, 8R, and 9R series.
The company produced its first combine harvester, the John Deere No. 2, in 1927. A year later, this innovation was followed up by the introduction of John Deere No. 1, a smaller machine that was more popular with customers. By 1929, the No. 1 and No. 2 were replaced by newer, lighter-weight harvesters. In the 1930s, John Deere and other farm equipment manufacturers began developing hillside harvesting technology. Harvesters now had the ability to effectively use their combines to harvest grain on hillsides with up to a 50% slope gradient.[7]
On an episode of the Travel Channel series Made in America that profiled Deere & Company, host John Ratzenberger stated that the company never repossessed any equipment from American farmers during the Great Depression.[8]
During World War II, the great-grandson of John Deere, Charles Deere Wiman, was president of the company, but he accepted a commission as a colonel in the U.S. Army. A replacement was hired and before returning to work at the company in late 1944, Wiman directed the farm machinery and equipment division of the War Production Board.[9] In addition to farm machinery, John Deere manufactured military tractors, and transmissions for the M3 tank. They also made aircraft parts, ammunition, and mobile laundry units to support the war effort.[10]
In 1947, John Deere introduced its first self-propelled combine, the model 55. It was soon followed by the smaller models 40 and 45, the larger model 95, and an even larger model 105 was introduced in the 1960s. In the mid-1950s, Deere introduced attachable corn heads, allowing crop producers to cut, shell, and clean corn in one smooth operation.[7]
In 1956, Deere & Company bought-out the German tractor manufacturer, Heinrich Lanz AG (see Lanz Bulldog).




A John Deere-Lanz 700 tractor


On August 30, 1960, John Deere dealers from around the world converged on Dallas, Texas, for an unprecedented product showcase. Deere Day in Dallas, as the event was called, introduced the world to the "New Generation of Power", the company’s first modern four-cylinder and six-cylinder tractors, during a day packed with high-tech presentations, live demonstrations, and a parking lot full of brand-new green and yellow machines. The line of tractors introduced that day was five years in the making, and the event itself took months to plan. Deere chose Dallas to host the event partly because it was home to facilities large enough to accommodate the 6,000 guests and the equipment they were all there to see. The Dallas Memorial Auditorium, the Texas State Fairgrounds Coliseum, the Cotton Bowl, and the Cotton Bowl parking lot were each the site of part of the event. During the event, a new John Deere tractor with a diamond-covered nameplate was displayed for all to see inside Neiman-Marcus, a popular Dallas-based department store.
According to information released by the company at the time of the event, John Deere dealers and key employees came to Dallas via the "largest commercial airlift of its type ever attempted." During the 24 hours leading up to the event, 16 airlines brought Deere employees and sales people from all over the United States and Canada to Love Field in Dallas. Bill Hewitt, then chairman and CEO of Deere & Company, welcomed the dealers and introduced the new tractors. Hewitt told the guests they were about to see "a line of entirely new tractors – completely modern in every respect – with outstanding features not duplicated in any other make of tractor."
Since entering the tractor business in 1918, John Deere had focused on two-cylinder machines. The New Generation of Power introduced at Deere Day in Dallas was very different from anything Deere had built before. The new line of four- and six-cylinder tractors, the models 1010, 2010, 3010, and 4010, were more far more powerful than Deere's two-cylinder models, and also easier and more comfortable to operate, with conveniently located controls, better visibility, and improved seat suspension. These new tractors were also easier to service.[11]
The 4010 was rated at 80 horsepower in 1960, but tested at 84 horsepower during testing trials, making it one of the most powerful two-wheel-drive farm tractors at that time. The 4010 was the predecessor to the 4020, which is widely regarded as the most popular tractor ever produced by John Deere, and perhaps any tractor manufacturer in the United States. Although the 4020, which was available with Deere's optional Power Shift, enjoyed greater popularity, the 4010 moved John Deere into the modern era of farm tractor technology and design following its successful history as a tractor manufacturer that was by the late 1950s experiencing waning market share due to its outdated technology.
In addition to the advanced engine technology, the "10" series tractors offered many other upgrades from the older two-cylinder models they replaced, including significantly higher horsepower-to-weight ratio, advanced hydraulics, more convenient and comfortable operator stations, and many other improvements. Of the "10" series John Deere tractors introduced in 1960, the 4010 was by far the most popular, with more than 58,000 units sold from 1960 to 1963. The success of the "10" series John Deere tractors, led by the 4010, helped propel John Deere from a 23% market share in 1959 to 34% by 1964 when the 4020 was introduced, making it the top manufacturer of farm equipment in the United States.[12][13][14]
In 1972, Deere introduced its new 'Sound Idea' tractors, the 4030, 4230, 4430, and 4630. While these tractors were mechanically similar to the New Generation tractors they replaced, and the 4230, 4430, and 4630 used a 404-cubic-inch displacement engine like the 4020, they featured redesigned sheet metal and most importantly they were available with an optional completely integrated operator's cab that John Deere called the Sound Gard body. This insulated cab that included a roll-over protective structure had a distinctive rounded windshield and came equipped with heat and air conditioning, as well as speakers for an optional radio. An 8-track tape player was also available as an option. The 5020 was replaced by the very similar 6030 and continued in production with New Generation styling until 1977 when the 30 Series tractors were replaced by Deere's 'Iron Horse' series that included the 90-hp 4040, 110-hp 4240, 130-hp 4440, 150-HP 4640, and 180-hp 4840. The 4240, 4440, 4640, and 4840 featured a new 466-cubic-inch displacement engine, and improvements to the cab including an optional hydraulic seat for a smoother ride. The Sound Gard body and Power Shift transmission were standard equipment on the 4840.
In 1983, Deere introduced the 4050, 4250, 4450, 4650, and 4850. These tractors were essentially the same machines as the Iron Horses they replaced, but with significant upgrades. They offered a new 15-speed Power Shift transmission, and were available with optional mechanical front-wheel drive featuring caster action for better traction and a tighter turning radius. They also featured cosmetic upgrades, including a new light brown cab interior, not the black interior on previous models. These tractors were followed by the mechanically similar 55 and 60 series tractors before they were replaced by the Deere's completely redesigned 7000 and 8000 series tractors in the early 1990s.
In the 1962 Illinois Manufacturers Directory (50th anniversary edition), John Deere, listed as Deere and Company, claimed a total work force of 35,000, of which 9,000 were in Illinois. The corporate headquarters were located at 1325 Third Ave. in Moline, Illinois, with six manufacturing plants located around that city and a seventh plant in Hoopston, Illinois. The six plants in Moline were listed as:

John Deere Harvester Works at 1100 - 13th Ave., East Moline, where 3,000 employees made agricultural implements
John Deere Industrial Equipment Works at 301 Third Ave., Moline, where 500 employees made earth-moving equipment
John Deere Malleable Works at 1335-13th Street, East Moline, where 600 employees made malleable and nodular iron castings
John Deere Planter Works at 501 Third Ave., Moline, where 1,000 employees made agricultural implements *John Deere Plow Works at 1225 Third Ave., Moline, where 1,100 employees made agricultural implements
John Deere Spreader Works at 1209-13th Ave., Moline where 800 employees made agricultural implements

The John Deere Vermilion Works was located at North Sixth Ave., Hoopston, Illinois, where 140 employees were listed as making iron work and implement parts. Moline, with 42,705 residents in 1962, had the local 7,000 employees of John Deere represent 16% of the city's entire population.[15]
In 1969, John Deere followed its New Generation tractors of the 1960s with a New Generation of combines. These included the 3300, 4400, 6600, and 7700. These models were also the first to come with Quik-Tatch header mounting capabilities as standard equipment. In the 1980s, these combines were followed by the 4420, 6620, 7720, and 8820 that were essentially updated and improved versions of the previous models with larger capacity, a nicer cab, and easier maintenance and service. The 4420 was discontinued in 1984 and replaced by the 4425 combine imported from Germany, and the 6620, 7720, and 8820 received the Titan II updates.
In 1989, Deere replaced the 6620, 7720, and 8820 with a new line of completely redesigned 'Maximizer' combines that included the 9400, 9500, and 9600 walker combines. These combines were completely redesigned and featured a center-mounted cab, rear-mounted engine, and more comforts in the cab. Also in 1989, Deere was inducted into the National Inventors Hall of Fame. In 1997, Deere celebrated 50 years of self-propelled combine production, and the 1997 models featured a 50th-anniversary decal. In 1998, the 9410, 9510, and 9610 were introduced. These were essentially the same machines, but with minor upgrades. Deere dealers offered '10 series' upgrades to owners of older 9000 series Maximizer combines. In 1999, Deere introduced the 50 series Maximizer combines. These machines featured significant cosmetic upgrades including a more streamlined appearance, improved ergonomics in the cab, PTO shaft-style header hook-up, and the larger models were available as rotary machines which were a complete departure from the combines that Deere had built in the past.[16]
In the late 1970s, International Harvester had pioneered rotary combines with their Axial flow machines, and were soon followed by other manufacturers, but Deere continued to build only conventional walker combines through the 1980s and 1990s. In 1999, John Deere introduced the Single-Tine Separation (STS) system on its 9550, 9650, and 9750 combines, representing a step forward in rotary combine technology. The STS system uses less horsepower and improves material handling.[7]
21st century[edit]
As of 2014[update], Deere & Company employed about 67,000 people worldwide, of which half are in the United States and Canada, and is the largest agriculture machinery company in the world. In August 2014, the company announced it was indefinitely laying off 600 of its workers at plants in Illinois, Iowa, and Kansas due to less demand for its products.[17] Inside the United States, the company's primary locations are its administrative center in Moline, Illinois, and manufacturing factories in central and southeastern United States.[18] As of 2016[update], the company experiments with an electric farm tractor.[19]
The logo of the leaping deer has been used by this company for over 155 years. Over the years, the logo has had minor changes and pieces removed. Some of the older style logos have the deer leaping over a log.[20][21] The company uses different logo colors for agricultural vs. construction products. The company's agricultural products are identifiable by a distinctive shade of green paint, with the inside border being yellow. While the construction products are identifiable by a shade of black with the deer being yellow, and the inside border also being yellow.
Products[edit]
John Deere manufactures a wide range of products, with several models of each in many cases.
Agricultural equipment[edit]
Agricultural products include, among others, tractors, combine harvesters, cotton harvesters, balers, planters/seeders, silage machines, and sprayers.
See also: List of John Deere tractors







Tractor









Tracked tractor (9630T)









FEL attachment









Combine









Forage harvester









Cotton picker









Sugarcane harvester









Seed drill









Field sprayer









Telescopic handler









Horse drawn manure spreader




Construction equipment[edit]
Construction equipment includes:







Excavator









Loader









Tracked loader









Backhoe









Skid-steer









Grader




Forestry equipment[edit]
John Deere manufactures a range of forestry machinery, among others, harvesters, forwarders, skidders. feller bunchers and log loaders. Timberjack is a subsidiary of John Deere since 2000.







Harvester









Forwarder









Skidder




Other products[edit]
The company manufactures lawn mowers and also is a manufacturer of consumer and commercial equipment, and snow throwers, as well as a supplier of diesel engines and powertrains (axles, transmissions, etc.) used especially in heavy equipment.[citation needed]
Other products were/are snowmobiles, all-terrain vehicles, and StarFire (a wide-area differential GPS).







Lawn mower









UTV (Gator)









Diesel engine




Factories[edit]




The John Deere Pavilion in Moline, Illinois






Horicon Works in Horicon, Wisconsin






John Deere factory in Mannheim, Germany






John Deere representatives at the Encuentro Empresarial Coparmex in Chihuahua, Mexico.






New John Deere tractors on a barge, Mannheim Harbour


Major North American factories include:

Harvester Works (large combine harvesters) East Moline, Illinois
Cylinder Internal Platform (hydraulic cylinders) Moline, Illinois
Seeding Group (planting equipment) Moline, Illinois and Valley City, North Dakota
Davenport Works (wheel loaders, motor graders, articulated dump trucks, wheeled forestry equipment) Davenport, Iowa
Dubuque Works (backhoes, crawlers, skid-steer loaders, tracked forestry equipment) Dubuque, Iowa
Des Moines Works (tillage equipment, cotton harvesters, sprayers) Ankeny, Iowa
Ottumwa Works (hay and forage equipment) Ottumwa, Iowa
Thibodaux Works (cane-harvesting equipment, scrapers) Thibodaux, Louisiana
Horicon Works (lawn and garden and turf care) Horicon, Wisconsin
Augusta Works (small commercial and agricultural tractors) Augusta, Georgia
Turf Care (specialty golf equipment and commercial mowing) Fuquay Varina, North Carolina
Industrias John Deere (agricultural tractors; construction equipment) (Monterrey, Mexico)
Motores John Deere (power systems; 6- and 4-cylinder engines, heavy-duty axles) Torreon, Mexico
Coffeyville Works (transmissions, pump drives, planetaries) Coffeyville, Kansas
Waterloo Works (tractor, cab, and assembly operations, drivetrain operations, foundry operations, service parts operations) Waterloo, Iowa
Power Systems and Engine Works (power systems and engines) Waterloo, Iowa

Other important factories:

John Deere Usine Saran (power systems), Fleury-les-Aubrais, France
John Deere Argentina (engines, tractors, and combine harvesters), Granadero Baigorria, Santa Fe, Argentina
John Deere Equipment Pvt Ltd (5000-series tractors) Pune, India
John Deere Equipment Pvt Ltd (5000-series tractors), Dewas, India
John Deere Electronic solutions, Pune, India
John Deere Harvester Works, Sirhind-Fategarh, India
John Deere Werke Mannheim (6000-series tractors), Mannheim, Germany
John Deere Brasil: Montenegro, Rio Grande do Sul (tractors), Horizontina - RS (harvesters and planters), Catalão - GO (sugarcane harvesters)
John Deere Werke Zweibrücken (harvesting equipment) Zweibrücken, Germany
John Deere Fabriek Horst (pulled and self-propelled agricultural sprayers) Horst, The Netherlands
John Deere Forestry Oy (forwarders, wheeled harvesters) Joensuu, Finland
John Deere Reman[22] remanufacturing components for off-highway vehicles: facilities in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada (cylinders, axles, transmissions, pumps, hydraulic and powertrain components) and Springfield, Missouri, USA (engines, fuel systems, turbochargers).
Sabo (consumer and commercial lawn equipment) Gummersbach, Germany





John Deere Combine harvesters being transported by railway on goods wagons in Tyrone, Pennsylvania, in the United States


Equipment divisions[edit]


Name
City/State
Country
Products
Division
Comments


Industrias John Deere Argentina S.A.
Santa Fe
Argentina
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Limited Parts Distribution Center
Derrimut, Victoria
Australia
 
Agriculture
 


Auteq Telematica S.A.
São Paulo
Brazil
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Brazil Ltda. - Unidade Catalão
Catalão (GO)
Brazil
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Brazil Ltda. - Unidade Horizontina
Horizontina (RS)
Brazil
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Brazil Ltda. - Unidade Montenegro
Montenegro (RS)
Brazil
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere (Harbin) Agriculture Machinery Co., Ltd.
Jiamusi, Heilongjiang
China
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere (Ningbo) Agriculture Machinery Co., Ltd.
Zhenhai District, Ningbo
China
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere (Tianjin) Agriculture Machinery Co., Ltd.
Tianjin
China
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Usine d'Arc-les-Gray, France
Gray Cedex
France
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere GmbH & Co. KG
Bruchsal
Germany
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere GmbH & Co. KG
Mannheim
Germany
 
Agriculture
 


Maschinenfabrik Kemper GmbH & Co.KG
Stadtlohn
Germany
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere GmbH & Co. KG
Zweibruecken
Germany
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Equipment Private Ltd.
Dist. Pune - 412208 Maharashtra
India
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere India Private Limited
Patiala Punjab 147 001
India
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere India Pvt. Ltd.
Dewas (Madhya Pradesh)
India
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere BH Works Ltd
Park Zvaim
Israel
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Cylinder Internal Platform
Ramos Arizpe, Coah.
Mexico
 
Agriculture
 


Industrias John Deere S.A. de C.V.
Monterrey, N.L.
Mexico
 
Agriculture
 


Industrias John Deere, S.A. de C.V.
Zona Centro, Saltillo, Coah.
Mexico
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Ramos
Ramos Arizpe, Coah.
Mexico
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Fabriek Horst B.V.
Horst
Netherlands
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Domodedovo
Domodedovo
Russia
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Orenburg
Orenburg
Russia
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Ibérica, S.
Madrid
Spain
 
Agriculture
 


The Vapormatic Company Ltd.
Exeter
United Kingdom
 
Agriculture
 


NavCom Technology, Inc.
Torrance, CA
United States
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Cylinder Internal Platform
Moline, IL
United States
Cylinder manufacturing
Agriculture
 


John Deere Harvester Works
East Moline, IL
United States
Large combine harvesters
Agriculture
 


John Deere Seeding Group
East Moline, IL
United States
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Des Moines Works
Ankeny, IA
United States
Sprayers, cotton harvesters, and tillage equipment
Agriculture
 


John Deere Ottumwa Works
Ottumwa, IA
United States
Baling technology
Agriculture
 


John Deere Paton
Paton, IA
United States
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Intelligent Solutions Group - Urbandale
Urbandale, IA
United States
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Waterloo Works - Tractor, Cab, and Assembly Operations
Waterloo, IA
United States
6R, 7R, 8R/8RT, and 9R/9RT Series tractors
Agriculture
 


John Deere Waterloo Works - Drivetrain Operations
Waterloo, IA
United States
Transmissions, drives, and axle machining and assembly
Agriculture
 


John Deere Waterloo Works - Service Parts Operations
Waterloo, IA
United States
Tractor service parts
Agriculture
 


John Deere Waterloo Works - Foundry Operations
Waterloo, IA
United States
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Thibodaux
Thibodaux, LA
United States
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Seeding Group
Valley City, ND
United States
 
Agriculture
 


Waratah Forestry Equipment Pty. Ltd
Melton, Victoria
Australia
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Brazil Ltda.
Lado Direito Indaiatuba – São Paulo
Brazil
 
Construction and forestry
 


Deere Hitachi
Indaiatuba, São Paulo
Brazil
 
Construction and forestry
 


Deere-Hitachi Specialty Products (DHSP) — Langley
Langley, British Columbia
Canada
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Reman — Edmonton
Alberta
Canada
 
Construction and forestry
 


Waratah Forestry Equipment Canada, Ltd.
Kamloops, BC
Canada
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere (Tianjin) Company Limited
Tianjin
China
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Forestry — Joensuu, Finland
Joensuu
Finland
 
Construction and forestry
 


Waratah OM Oy
Joensuu, Finland
Finland
 
Construction and forestry
 


Ashok Leyland John Deere Construction Equipment Pvt. Ltd.
Tamil Nadu
India
 
Construction and forestry
 


Industrias John Deere S.A. de C.V.
Garza Garcia, Nuevo Leon
Mexico
 
Construction and forestry
 


Waratah NZ Ltd.
Tokoroa Waikato
New Zealand
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Domodedovo
Moscow
Russia
 
Construction and forestry
 


Bell Equipment Limited
Empangeni
South Africa
 
Construction and forestry
 


Waratah Forestry Attachment, LLC.
Peachtree City, GA
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Construction & Forestry Company
Moline, IL
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Davenport Works
Davenport, IA
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Training Center - Davenport
Davenport, IA
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Dubuque Works
Dubuque, IA
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Reman — Springfield
Springfield, MO
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


Deere-Hitachi Construction Machinery Corp.
Kernersville, NC
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


Waratah Forestry Attachment, LLC
Kelso, WA
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


SABO - Maschinenfabrik GmbH
Gummersbach
Germany
 
Turf
 


John Deere Commercial Products
Grovetown, GA
United States
 
Turf
 


John Deere Turf Care
Fuquay-Varina, NC
United States
 
Turf
 


John Deere Training Center - Morrisville
Morrisville, NC
United States
 
Turf
 


Transaxle Manufacturing of America Corporation
Rock Hill, SC
United States
 
Turf
 


John Deere Power Products
Greeneville, TN
United States
 
Turf
 


John Deere Horicon Works
Horicon, WI
United States
 
Turf
 


Subsidiaries and affiliates[edit]
Current[edit]

AGRIS Corporation (John Deere Agri Services)




John Deere 8530 tractor with Kinze 3700 planter



John Deere Ag Management Solutions (intelligent mobile equipment technologies) Urbandale, Iowa
John Deere Capital Corporation
John Deere Financial[23] (John Deere Credit and Finance) Johnston, Iowa.
Kemper (row tolerant headers for forage harvesters and combines) Stadtlohn, Germany
Waratah Forestry Attachments (forestry harvesting heads) Tokoroa, New Zealand
Agreentech
NavCom Technology, Inc. (precision positioning systems, see also StarFire) Torrance, California
John Deere Electronic Solutions (Ruggedized electronics) Fargo, North Dakota
Ningbo Benye Tractor & Automobile Manufacture Co. Ltd. (low HP tractors) Ningbo, China
Machinefinder (used equipment division and marketplace)
John Deere Technology Innovation Center located in Research Park, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign
QCFS and Consolidating (attachment distribution center) Davenport, IA

Former[edit]

John Deere Renewables, LLC, a wind energy plant manufacturing arm which represented John Deere's extension into the renewable energy industry - under which it had successfully completed 36 projects in eight US states - was sold to Exelon Energy in August 2010.[24]

Pop culture[edit]

Joe Diffie released a song in 1993 called "John Deere Green", a top-five hit.
Kenny Chesney released a song in 1999 called "She Thinks my Tractor's Sexy" referencing John Deere Tractors, saying "She ain't into cars or pick up trucks,

But if it runs like a Deere, man, her eyes light up"

George Jones famously drove a John Deere lawn tractor to a liquor store after his wife had taken away his car keys to keep him from driving drunk. The incident was later memorialized as part of country music lore in numerous songs and videos, including Jones’ own “Honky Tonk Song” in 1996. Twelve years earlier, the video for Hank Williams Jr.’s “All My Rowdy Friends Are Coming Over Tonight” featured George Jones riding a lawnmower. Vince Gill’s 1993 hit “One More Last Chance” includes the line, “She might have took my car keys, but she forgot about my old John Deere.” The video ends with Gill on a John Deere tractor passing Jones on a John Deere lawnmower. The video for John Rich’s “Country Done Come to Town” also features Jones on a riding lawnmower.[25]

Sponsorships[edit]

The John Deere Classic is an American professional golf tournament sponsored by the company.
John Deere sponsored the #23 and #97 cars for NASCAR driver Chad Little in the late 1990s.[26]

Controversies[edit]
Some groups, including the Electronic Frontier Foundation,[27][28] have taken issue with the fact that John Deere's license covering the internal software on tractor control computers does not allow them to modify the software and that John Deere claims doing so would be DMCA forbidden bypassing of DRM.[29] John Deere locks tractors digitally under usage of the DMCA DRM-law to prevent the DIY repairing by the owning farmers, stating safety concerns as reason.[30]
Green Magazine[edit]
Green Magazine is a publication devoted to John Deere enthusiasts[31][32] which began in November 1984 by Richard and Carol Hain of Bee, Nebraska. The first issue mailed in early November 1984 to 135 paid subscribers consisted of 10 black and white pages with features on tractors, letters from readers, and advertisements.[33] At the time, the magazine was published bimonthly. The writing was done in Lincoln, Nebraska, and it was mailed from the Bee, Nebraska, post office. The magazine grew rapidly, and in 1990, bowing to public demand, the magazine became a monthly. Circulation continued to increase, and at the current time hovers around 30,000. The magazine now generally contains 88 full-color pages and is perfect bound. It is now printed in Michigan and mailed from several different post offices throughout the country.
Current content usually includes a "Tip of the Month" article covering New Generation restoration written by Dan Brotzman, a "Youngtimer" article written by Tyler Buchheit, "Shop Talk" by Ron and JoAnn O'Neill, "Saw it On eBay" by Adam Smith and Benjamin Hain, "Scale Models" by Bill Proft, "What's New and Old" by Greg Stephen, "Feature Model" by Benjamin Hain, "Do You Have One of These" by Richard Hain, and "Mr. Thinker", which is said to be written by "a variety of experts".
See also[edit]


Companies portal
Agriculture and Agronomy portal



John Deere World Headquarters
List of John Deere tractors
John Deere Buck

References[edit]


^ VanderMey, Anne (February 25, 2013). "John Deere Plows Ahead". Fortune. 167 (3): 19. 
^ a b c d e f https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/DE/financials?p=DE
^ "Fortune 500". Fortune. Retrieved 2016-08-31. 
^ "Global 500". Fortune. Retrieved 2016-08-31. 
^ https://www.nyse.com/quote/XNYS:DE, retrieved 2014-07-22.
^ Reynolds, John P. "Transactions of the Illinois State Agricultural Society, with Reports from County and District Agricultural Societies", Illinois Journal Printing Office, 1871, pg. 43,
^ a b c "A Brief Look at John Deere Combine History: 86 Years of Evolution". blog.machinefinder.com. Retrieved 2016-02-07. 
^ Pure genius: the inventor's hall of fame. Independent.co.uk (2008-02-22). Retrieved on 2011-01-03.
^ "John Deere War Hero's Recognized for Patriotism". blog.machinefinder.com. Retrieved 2016-02-07. 
^ "Agricultural Machinery during the 1940s". livinghistoryfarm.org. Retrieved 2016-02-07. 
^ "A Big Day for Deere" (PDF). The Plowshare. 14: 1–6. 27 March 2009. Retrieved 2016-02-07. 
^ Peter Easterlund. "TractorData.com John Deere 4010 tractor information". tractordata.com. 
^ "Archived copy". Archived from the original on 2015-06-22. Retrieved 2016-01-11. 
^ "John Deere 4010". agriculture.com. 
^ Illinois Manufacturers Directory, Manufacturers' News, Inc. Chicago, IL, copyright 1962, p. 1503, 1594–1595
^ http://farmindustrynews.com/show-me-rotaries
^ "Hit by weak crop prices Deere to lay off 600 manufacturing staff". Chicago Chronicle. 15 August 2014. Retrieved 2014-08-15. 
^ John Deere worldwide
^ "John Deere unveils latest all-electric tractor prototype for zero-emission agriculture". Electrek. 5 December 2016. Retrieved 5 December 2016. 
^ "John Deere History". www.deere.com. Retrieved 2015-04-06. 
^ History of the John Deere Trademark Trademarks
^ John Deere Reman Homepage Archived 2009-07-24 at the Wayback Machine.. Deere.com (2009-03-20). Retrieved on 2011-01-03.
^ John Deere Credit is your source for equipment financing solutions - John Deere Credit, U.S.A Archived 2008-12-09 at the Wayback Machine.. Deere.com. Retrieved on 2011-01-03.
^ Deere Reaches Agreement for Sale of Wind Energy Business. Deere.com (2010-08-31). Retrieved on 2011-01-03.
^ http://www.savingcountrymusic.com/george-jones-his-notorious-riding-lawnmower/
^ "Chad Little Sprint Cup All Star race results". Racing Reference. Retrieved 2014-06-09. 
^ Automakers Say You Don’t Really Own Your Car on eff.org (April 2015)
^ John Deere Really Doesn’t Want You to Own That Tractor on eff.org by Kit Walsh (December 20, 2016)
^ Wiens, Kyle (21 April 2015). "We Can’t Let John Deere Destroy the Very Idea of Ownership". Wired. Retrieved 2015-04-27. 
^ Sydell, Laura (2015-08-17). "DIY Tractor Repair Runs Afoul Of Copyright Law". npr.com. Retrieved 2015-08-31. And the little computer screen lets him know when something is wrong. Unfortunately, Alford isn't allowed to fix it. John Deere has a digital lock on the software that runs his tractor. And it won't give him the key. [...] The company went on to say that unqualified individuals could endanger customer safety. 
^ "John Deere Two-Cylinder Tractor Buyer's Guide". 
^ "Standard Catalog of John Deere Tractors 1st". 
^ Mary Lou Montgomery. "John Deere heritage runs deep on Missouri farm". Neosho Daily News. Retrieved 2015-06-04. 


Further reading[edit]

Broehl, Wayne G., Jr. (1984). John Deere's Company: A History of Deere & Company and Its Times. New York City: Doubleday. ISBN 9780385196642. OCLC 10606276. 
Dahlstrom, Jeremy; Dahlstrom, Neil (2005). The John Deere Story: A Biography of Plowmakers John & Charles Deere. Dekalb, Illinois: Northern Illinois University Press. ISBN 9780875803364. OCLC 56753352. 
Kendall, Edward C. (1959). John Deere's Steel Plow. Washington, D.C.: Smithsonian Institution. OCLC 3302873. 

External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to John Deere.



Official website
Green Magazine
John Deere at RitchieWiki, the Equipment Wiki



Business data for John Deere: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings










v
t
e


John Deere



Vehicles



4020 Tractor
5220 Tractor
9630 Tractor
Buck ATV
DB120 Planter
Gator ATV
Military Robot
Snowmobiles
Other Tractors





Divisions



Chamberlain (Australia)
Lanz Bulldog (Germany)
Matbro Forklifts
Nortrax Heavy Equipment
StarFire GPS
Timberjack Forestry





People



John Deere
Hans W. Becherer
John Rusling Block
George Peek





Other



Country Song
Golf Tournament
Museum
Pavilion
Supreme Court Case
TV Show
Video Game
World Headquarters












v
t
e


Illinois-based corporations



Fortune 500
corporations
(by size–2013)



Walgreens Boots Alliance
Archer Daniels Midland
Boeing
Caterpillar Inc.
State Farm Insurance
Abbott Laboratories
Sears Holdings
United Continental Holdings
Deere & Company
Mondelēz International
Allstate
McDonald's
Exelon
Kraft Heinz
Illinois Tool Works
Baxter International
Navistar International
RR Donnelley
CDW
Hillshire Brands
Discover Financial
W. W. Grainger
Motorola Solutions
Dover Corporation
Tenneco
Ingredion
Anixter
United Stationers
AbbVie
Old Republic International





Other major
public companies
(alphabetically)



ACCO Brands
Accretive Health
Allscripts
Amcol International Corporation
Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.
Brunswick Corporation
Calamos
Career Education Corporation
Catamaran Corporation
CBOE Holdings
CF Industries Holdings
CME Group
CNA Financial
Equity Residential
Fortune Brands Home & Security
General Growth Properties
Hospira
Hyatt Hotels Corp.
Integrys Energy Group
Jones Lang LaSalle
Kemper Corporation
Nalco Holding Company
Nicor
Northern Trust
RLI Corp.
Rubicon Technology
Stericycle
Telephone and Data Systems
Titan International
Tribune Media
Tronc
Tootsie Roll Industries
ULTA Beauty
US Foods
USG Corporation
Westell
Zebra Technologies





Other major
private companies
(alphabetically)



Ace Hardware
Baker & McKenzie
Blue Cross Blue Shield Association
Claire's
Country Financial
Danfoss Power Solutions
Dot Foods
Eby-Brown
Electro-Motive Diesel
Flex-N-Gate
Follett Corporation
Gardner Denver
Grant Thornton LLP
Health Care Service Corporation
Heico Cos.
Hendrickson International
Hub International
Jenner & Block
Kirkland & Ellis
Marmon Group
Mayer Brown
Medline Industries
Molex
Morton Salt
Nestlé Frozen Pizza
OSI Group
Pactiv
Reyes Holdings
Ryerson, Inc.
Sidley Austin
Skidmore, Owings & Merrill
Solo Cup Company
Tellabs
TransUnion
True Value
Wirtz Corporation





Related topics



Breweries in Illinois
Companies in the Chicago metropolitan area
Food manufacturers of Chicago
Newspapers in Illinois
Wineries in Illinois












v
t
e


Automotive industry in the United States






Automotive industry
Economy of the United States
Transportation in the United States





American vehicle
manufacturers
(list)



AGCO

Challenger Tractor
Massey Ferguson


AM General
American Expedition Vehicles
American Growler
Amp Electric Vehicles
Anteros Coachworks
Arcimoto
Armour Group, Inc.
ATK motorcycles
Aurica Motors
Autocar
Blue Bird
Boulder Electric Vehicle
Brammo
Brunton Stalker
Caterpillar
FCA US

Chrysler
Dodge
Jeep
Ram


CNH Industrial

Case CE
Case IH


Commuter Cars
Cushman
Cycle-Scoot
DeLorean
Chenowth Racing Products
Eagle Bus
Environmental Performance Vehicles
Equus
Elio Motors
Faraday Future
Fisker Inc.
Ford

Lincoln
SVT


General Dynamics Land Systems
General Motors

Buick
Cadillac
Chevrolet
GMC


Gillig
Glaval Bus
GreenTech
Harley-Davidson
HDT Global
Hennessey
HME
John Deere
Karma Automotive
Legacy
Local Motors
Lockheed Martin
Lingenfelter
Lenco Industries
Mack Trucks
Millennium Luxury Coaches
Morgan Olson
Mosler Automotive
MotoCzysz
Motor Coach Industries
Myers Motors
Navistar International

IC Bus
International


Nissan Commercial Vehicles
North American Bus Industries
Oka
Oshkosh

Pierce


Paccar

Kenworth
Peterbilt


Panoz
Phoenix Motorcars
Polaris Industries

Global Electric Motorcars
Indian
Victory


REV Group

Champion Bus
Collins
ElDorado National
E-One
Fleetwood
Goshen Coach
Holiday Rambler
Laymor
Wheeled Coach


Saleen
Shelby American
SSC North America
Starcraft Bus
Superformance
Tesla
Textron Marine & Land Systems
Trans Tech
TranStar Racing
Ultimaster
VIA Motors
Visionary Vehicles
Wheego Electric Cars
ZAP
Zimmer Motorcars





Foreign vehicle
manufacturers
with US operations



AB Volvo USA
BMW US Manufacturing Company
BYD Auto America
Changan USA
Daimler North America

Daimler Trucks North America

Thomas
Freightliner
Western Star




FAW Group USA
Fiat USA
FHI America
Honda of America

Acura


Hyundai USA
Isuzu America
Kia Motors America
Mazda America
Mitsubishi Motors North America
New Flyer Industries(1)

New Flyer
NABI
Motor Coach Industries


Nissan USA
Peugeot USA
SAIC Motor USA
Suzuki America
Toyota Motor Sales, U.S.A.

Lexus
Scion


Volkswagen Group of America
Wanxiang America





Active factories



BMW US Manufacturing Company
Fiat Chrysler factories
Ford factories
General Motors factories
Honda of America factories
Hyundai Motor Manufacturing Alabama
Kia Motors Manufacturing Georgia
Mercedes-Benz U.S. International
Nissan North America
Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc.
Tesla Factory
Toyota Motor Engineering & Manufacturing North America
Volkswagen Chattanooga Assembly Plant





Components companies



Allison
BorgWarner
Caterpillar
Cummins
Delphi
Detroit Diesel
Eaton
Firestone
Goodyear
Nexteer
Remy International
Timken
Torrington
Visteon





Insurance and finance
companies



Allstate

Ecompass Insurance
Esurance


Ally Financial
Erie Insurance Group
Farmers Insurance Group

21st Century Insurance
Farmers Insurance


GM Financial
GMAC Insurance
Kemper Direct
Progressive
Safe Auto
State Farm





Design studios



Calty Design Research
Designworks





By state



Massachusetts





Former manufacturers(2)



Coda
FMC





Defunct vehicle
manufacturers



Allis-Chalmers
American Austin
American LaFrance
American Motors

Hudson

Essex
Terraplane


Nash
Rambler


Armor Holdings
Armored Motor Car Company
Auburn Automobile
Avanti Motor Corporation
Avery
BMC
Carbon Motors Corporation
Checker Motors Corporation
Commonwealth
Cord
Case
CNH Global
Duesenberg
Durant

Flint
Locomobile
Mason
Rugby
Star


Excalibur
FCA US

Eagle
Plymouth
Street & Racing Technology (still used as a trim for dodge vehicles)


Fiberfab
Fitch Four Drive
Fisker Automotive
Fisker Coachbuild
Force Protection
Ford

Continental
Edsel
Mercury


General Motors

Cartercar
Elmore
GM Diesel
Geo
Hummer
LaSalle
Marquette
McLaughlin
Oakland
Oldsmobile
Pontiac
Saturn
Scripps-Booth
Sheridan
Viking
Yellow Coach


Green Vehicles
Grumman
Henney
International Harvester
Jeffery
Kaiser-Frazer

Allstate
Frazer
Henry J
Kaiser
Willys


Marathon Motor Works
Marmon

Roosevelt


Marvel Motors
Matbro
Mercer
Monaco Coach
Muntz Car Company
Oliver Farm Equipment
Packard
Peerless Motor Company
Pierce-Arrow
Sebring Vanguard
Sterling Trucks
Studebaker

Erskine
Rockne


Stutz
Twentieth Century Motor Car Corporation
United Defense
VL
White
Wildfire





Defunct factories



Brampton Assembly (AMC)
Diamond-Star Motors
Fiat Chrysler factories closed
Ford factories closed
General Motors factories closed
NUMMI
Packard Automotive Plant
Volkswagen Westmoreland Assembly





Related topics



AAA
Chicago Auto Show
Interstate Highway System
National Highway Traffic Safety Administration
New York International Auto Show
North American International Auto Show
SAE International








(1)Although New Flyer is Canadian, their Subsidiaries, NABI and Motor Coach Industries, are headquartered in the U.S.


(2)Former meaning the company is no longer in the automotive manufacturing business


 Category
 Portal










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=John_Deere&oldid=790547656"					
Categories: John Deere1837 establishments in IllinoisAgriculture companies of the United StatesCompanies based in Rock Island County, IllinoisCompanies based in the Quad CitiesCompanies established in 1837Companies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeConstruction equipment manufacturersDefense companies of the United StatesEngine manufacturersDiesel engine manufacturersEngineering vehiclesGarden tool manufacturersLawn and garden tractorsManufacturing companies based in IllinoisMoline, IllinoisPower tool manufacturersTractor manufacturers of the United StatesHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksArticles needing additional references from April 2017All articles needing additional referencesArticles using small message boxesAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from May 2015Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2014All articles containing potentially dated statementsArticles containing potentially dated statements from 2016Articles with unsourced statements from September 2013 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


AfrikaansالعربيةБългарскиCatalàČeštinaDanskDeutschEspañolEuskaraفارسیFrançaisGalego한국어HrvatskiBahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתKurdîNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålNorsk nynorskPlattdüütschPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийСаха тылаSlovenščinaSuomiSvenskaTürkçe中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 14 July 2017, at 13:16.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 







Messenger










MessengerSign in with Facebook to get started.ContinueKeep me signed inNot on Facebook?|Forgot Password|Privacy Policy|Terms|Cookie Policy| © Facebook 2017











John Deere - Wikipedia






















 






John Deere

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

This article is about the company. For the person, see John Deere (inventor). For the tractor, see List of John Deere tractors.

Deere & Company





John Deere World Headquarters in Moline, Illinois




Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: DE
S&P 500 Component


Industry
Heavy equipment


Founded
Grand Detour, Illinois
(1837; 180 years ago (1837))[1]


Founder
John Deere


Headquarters
Moline, Illinois, United States



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

Samuel R. Allen
(CEO and President)


Products
Agriculture, Construction, Forestry, Consumer & Commercial equipment, Diesel engines, Automobiles


Services
Financial services


Revenue
 US$26.644 billion (2016)[2]



Operating income

 US$2.988 billion (2016)[2]



Net income

 US$1.524 billion (2016)[2]


Total assets
 US$57.981 billion (2016)[2]


Total equity
 US$6.520 billion (2016)[2]



Number of employees

56,767 (2016)[2]


Website
www.deere.com


Deere & Company (brand name John Deere) is an American corporation that manufactures agricultural, construction, and forestry machinery, diesel engines, drivetrains (axles, transmissions, gearboxes) used in heavy equipment, and lawn care equipment. In 2016, it was listed as 97th in the Fortune 500 America's ranking and was ranked 364th in the global ranking in 2016.[3][4] John Deere also provides financial services and other related activities.
Deere is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol DE.[5] The company's slogan is "Nothing Runs Like a Deere", and its logo is a leaping deer, with the words 'JOHN DEERE' under it. The logo has been used by the company for over 155 years.



Contents


1 19th century
2 20th century
3 21st century
4 Products

4.1 Agricultural equipment
4.2 Construction equipment
4.3 Forestry equipment
4.4 Other products


5 Factories
6 Equipment divisions
7 Subsidiaries and affiliates

7.1 Current
7.2 Former


8 Pop culture
9 Sponsorships
10 Controversies
11 Green Magazine
12 See also
13 References
14 Further reading
15 External links



19th century[edit]



This section needs additional citations for verification. (April 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


Deere & Company began when John Deere, born in Rutland, Vermont, USA on February 7, 1804, moved to Grand Detour, Illinois in 1836 to escape bankruptcy in Vermont. Already an established blacksmith, Deere opened a 1,378-square-foot (128 m2) shop in Grand Detour in 1837, which allowed him to serve as a general repairman in the village, as well as a manufacturer of small tools such as pitchforks and shovels. Small tools production was just a start; the item that set him apart, was the self-scouring steel plow, which was pioneered in 1837 when John Deere fashioned a Scottish steel saw blade into a plow. Prior to Deere's steel plow, most farmers used iron or wooden plows to which the rich Midwestern soil stuck, so had to be cleaned frequently. The smooth-sided steel plow solved this problem, and greatly aided migration into the American Great Plains in the 19th and early 20th centuries.
The traditional way of doing business was to make the product as and when it was ordered. This style was very slow, As Deere realized that this was not going to be a viable business model, he increased the rate of production by manufacturing plows before putting them up for sale; this allowed customers to not only see what they were buying beforehand, but also allowed his customers to purchase his products straight away. Word of his products began to spread quickly.
In 1842, Deere entered a business partnership with Leonard Andrus and purchased land for the construction of a new, two-story factory along the Rock River in Illinois. This factory, named the "L. Andrus Plough Manufacturer", produced about 100 plows in 1842 and around 400 plows during the next year. Deere's partnership with Andrus ended in 1848, and Deere relocated to Moline, Illinois, to have access to the railroad and the Mississippi River. There, Deere formed a partnership with Robert Tate and John Gould and built a 1,440-square-foot (134 m2) factory the same year. Production rose quickly, and by 1849, the Deere, Tate & Gould Company was producing over 200 plows a month. A two-story addition to the plant was built, allowing further production.




Company logo used between 1876 and 1912


Deere bought out Tate and Gould's interests in the company in 1853, and was joined in the business by his son Charles Deere. At that time, the company was manufacturing a variety of farm equipment products in addition to plows, including wagons, corn planters, and cultivators. In 1857, the company's production totals reached almost 1,120 implements per month. In 1858, a nationwide financial recession took a toll on the company. To prevent bankruptcy, the company was reorganized and Deere sold his interests in the business to his son-in-law, Christopher Webber, and his son, Charles Deere, who would take on most of his father's managerial roles. John Deere served as president of the company until 1886. The company was reorganized again in 1868, when it was incorporated as Deere & Company. While the company's original stockholders were Charles Deere, Stephen Velie, George Vinton, and John Deere, Charles effectively ran the company. In 1869, Charles began to introduce marketing centers and independent retail dealers to advance the company's sales nationwide. This same year, Deere & Company won "Best and Greatest Display of Plows in Variety" at the 17th Annual Illinois State Fair, for which it won $10 and a Silver Medal.[6]
The core focus remained on the agricultural implements, but John Deere apparently also made a few bicycles in the 1890s.[citation needed]
20th century[edit]




John Deere Plow & Cultivators Co.'s New Orleans House, 1903


Increased competition during the early 1900s from the new International Harvester Company led the company to expand its offerings in the implement business, but the production of gasoline tractors came to define Deere & Company's operations during the 20th century.




Company logo used between 1912 and 1936


In 1912, Deere & Company president William Butterworth (Charles' son-in-law), who had replaced Charles Deere after his death in 1907, began the company's expansion into the tractor business. Deere & Company briefly experimented with its own tractor models, the most successful of which was the Dain All-Wheel-Drive, but in the end decided to continue its foray into the tractor business by purchasing the Waterloo Gasoline Engine Company in 1918, which manufactured the popular Waterloo Boy tractor at its facilities in Waterloo, Iowa. Deere & Company continued to sell tractors under the Waterloo Boy name until 1923, when the John Deere Model D was introduced. The company continues to manufacture a large percentage of its tractors in Waterloo, Iowa, namely the 7R, 8R, and 9R series.
The company produced its first combine harvester, the John Deere No. 2, in 1927. A year later, this innovation was followed up by the introduction of John Deere No. 1, a smaller machine that was more popular with customers. By 1929, the No. 1 and No. 2 were replaced by newer, lighter-weight harvesters. In the 1930s, John Deere and other farm equipment manufacturers began developing hillside harvesting technology. Harvesters now had the ability to effectively use their combines to harvest grain on hillsides with up to a 50% slope gradient.[7]
On an episode of the Travel Channel series Made in America that profiled Deere & Company, host John Ratzenberger stated that the company never repossessed any equipment from American farmers during the Great Depression.[8]
During World War II, the great-grandson of John Deere, Charles Deere Wiman, was president of the company, but he accepted a commission as a colonel in the U.S. Army. A replacement was hired and before returning to work at the company in late 1944, Wiman directed the farm machinery and equipment division of the War Production Board.[9] In addition to farm machinery, John Deere manufactured military tractors, and transmissions for the M3 tank. They also made aircraft parts, ammunition, and mobile laundry units to support the war effort.[10]
In 1947, John Deere introduced its first self-propelled combine, the model 55. It was soon followed by the smaller models 40 and 45, the larger model 95, and an even larger model 105 was introduced in the 1960s. In the mid-1950s, Deere introduced attachable corn heads, allowing crop producers to cut, shell, and clean corn in one smooth operation.[7]
In 1956, Deere & Company bought-out the German tractor manufacturer, Heinrich Lanz AG (see Lanz Bulldog).




A John Deere-Lanz 700 tractor


On August 30, 1960, John Deere dealers from around the world converged on Dallas, Texas, for an unprecedented product showcase. Deere Day in Dallas, as the event was called, introduced the world to the "New Generation of Power", the company’s first modern four-cylinder and six-cylinder tractors, during a day packed with high-tech presentations, live demonstrations, and a parking lot full of brand-new green and yellow machines. The line of tractors introduced that day was five years in the making, and the event itself took months to plan. Deere chose Dallas to host the event partly because it was home to facilities large enough to accommodate the 6,000 guests and the equipment they were all there to see. The Dallas Memorial Auditorium, the Texas State Fairgrounds Coliseum, the Cotton Bowl, and the Cotton Bowl parking lot were each the site of part of the event. During the event, a new John Deere tractor with a diamond-covered nameplate was displayed for all to see inside Neiman-Marcus, a popular Dallas-based department store.
According to information released by the company at the time of the event, John Deere dealers and key employees came to Dallas via the "largest commercial airlift of its type ever attempted." During the 24 hours leading up to the event, 16 airlines brought Deere employees and sales people from all over the United States and Canada to Love Field in Dallas. Bill Hewitt, then chairman and CEO of Deere & Company, welcomed the dealers and introduced the new tractors. Hewitt told the guests they were about to see "a line of entirely new tractors – completely modern in every respect – with outstanding features not duplicated in any other make of tractor."
Since entering the tractor business in 1918, John Deere had focused on two-cylinder machines. The New Generation of Power introduced at Deere Day in Dallas was very different from anything Deere had built before. The new line of four- and six-cylinder tractors, the models 1010, 2010, 3010, and 4010, were more far more powerful than Deere's two-cylinder models, and also easier and more comfortable to operate, with conveniently located controls, better visibility, and improved seat suspension. These new tractors were also easier to service.[11]
The 4010 was rated at 80 horsepower in 1960, but tested at 84 horsepower during testing trials, making it one of the most powerful two-wheel-drive farm tractors at that time. The 4010 was the predecessor to the 4020, which is widely regarded as the most popular tractor ever produced by John Deere, and perhaps any tractor manufacturer in the United States. Although the 4020, which was available with Deere's optional Power Shift, enjoyed greater popularity, the 4010 moved John Deere into the modern era of farm tractor technology and design following its successful history as a tractor manufacturer that was by the late 1950s experiencing waning market share due to its outdated technology.
In addition to the advanced engine technology, the "10" series tractors offered many other upgrades from the older two-cylinder models they replaced, including significantly higher horsepower-to-weight ratio, advanced hydraulics, more convenient and comfortable operator stations, and many other improvements. Of the "10" series John Deere tractors introduced in 1960, the 4010 was by far the most popular, with more than 58,000 units sold from 1960 to 1963. The success of the "10" series John Deere tractors, led by the 4010, helped propel John Deere from a 23% market share in 1959 to 34% by 1964 when the 4020 was introduced, making it the top manufacturer of farm equipment in the United States.[12][13][14]
In 1972, Deere introduced its new 'Sound Idea' tractors, the 4030, 4230, 4430, and 4630. While these tractors were mechanically similar to the New Generation tractors they replaced, and the 4230, 4430, and 4630 used a 404-cubic-inch displacement engine like the 4020, they featured redesigned sheet metal and most importantly they were available with an optional completely integrated operator's cab that John Deere called the Sound Gard body. This insulated cab that included a roll-over protective structure had a distinctive rounded windshield and came equipped with heat and air conditioning, as well as speakers for an optional radio. An 8-track tape player was also available as an option. The 5020 was replaced by the very similar 6030 and continued in production with New Generation styling until 1977 when the 30 Series tractors were replaced by Deere's 'Iron Horse' series that included the 90-hp 4040, 110-hp 4240, 130-hp 4440, 150-HP 4640, and 180-hp 4840. The 4240, 4440, 4640, and 4840 featured a new 466-cubic-inch displacement engine, and improvements to the cab including an optional hydraulic seat for a smoother ride. The Sound Gard body and Power Shift transmission were standard equipment on the 4840.
In 1983, Deere introduced the 4050, 4250, 4450, 4650, and 4850. These tractors were essentially the same machines as the Iron Horses they replaced, but with significant upgrades. They offered a new 15-speed Power Shift transmission, and were available with optional mechanical front-wheel drive featuring caster action for better traction and a tighter turning radius. They also featured cosmetic upgrades, including a new light brown cab interior, not the black interior on previous models. These tractors were followed by the mechanically similar 55 and 60 series tractors before they were replaced by the Deere's completely redesigned 7000 and 8000 series tractors in the early 1990s.
In the 1962 Illinois Manufacturers Directory (50th anniversary edition), John Deere, listed as Deere and Company, claimed a total work force of 35,000, of which 9,000 were in Illinois. The corporate headquarters were located at 1325 Third Ave. in Moline, Illinois, with six manufacturing plants located around that city and a seventh plant in Hoopston, Illinois. The six plants in Moline were listed as:

John Deere Harvester Works at 1100 - 13th Ave., East Moline, where 3,000 employees made agricultural implements
John Deere Industrial Equipment Works at 301 Third Ave., Moline, where 500 employees made earth-moving equipment
John Deere Malleable Works at 1335-13th Street, East Moline, where 600 employees made malleable and nodular iron castings
John Deere Planter Works at 501 Third Ave., Moline, where 1,000 employees made agricultural implements *John Deere Plow Works at 1225 Third Ave., Moline, where 1,100 employees made agricultural implements
John Deere Spreader Works at 1209-13th Ave., Moline where 800 employees made agricultural implements

The John Deere Vermilion Works was located at North Sixth Ave., Hoopston, Illinois, where 140 employees were listed as making iron work and implement parts. Moline, with 42,705 residents in 1962, had the local 7,000 employees of John Deere represent 16% of the city's entire population.[15]
In 1969, John Deere followed its New Generation tractors of the 1960s with a New Generation of combines. These included the 3300, 4400, 6600, and 7700. These models were also the first to come with Quik-Tatch header mounting capabilities as standard equipment. In the 1980s, these combines were followed by the 4420, 6620, 7720, and 8820 that were essentially updated and improved versions of the previous models with larger capacity, a nicer cab, and easier maintenance and service. The 4420 was discontinued in 1984 and replaced by the 4425 combine imported from Germany, and the 6620, 7720, and 8820 received the Titan II updates.
In 1989, Deere replaced the 6620, 7720, and 8820 with a new line of completely redesigned 'Maximizer' combines that included the 9400, 9500, and 9600 walker combines. These combines were completely redesigned and featured a center-mounted cab, rear-mounted engine, and more comforts in the cab. Also in 1989, Deere was inducted into the National Inventors Hall of Fame. In 1997, Deere celebrated 50 years of self-propelled combine production, and the 1997 models featured a 50th-anniversary decal. In 1998, the 9410, 9510, and 9610 were introduced. These were essentially the same machines, but with minor upgrades. Deere dealers offered '10 series' upgrades to owners of older 9000 series Maximizer combines. In 1999, Deere introduced the 50 series Maximizer combines. These machines featured significant cosmetic upgrades including a more streamlined appearance, improved ergonomics in the cab, PTO shaft-style header hook-up, and the larger models were available as rotary machines which were a complete departure from the combines that Deere had built in the past.[16]
In the late 1970s, International Harvester had pioneered rotary combines with their Axial flow machines, and were soon followed by other manufacturers, but Deere continued to build only conventional walker combines through the 1980s and 1990s. In 1999, John Deere introduced the Single-Tine Separation (STS) system on its 9550, 9650, and 9750 combines, representing a step forward in rotary combine technology. The STS system uses less horsepower and improves material handling.[7]
21st century[edit]
As of 2014[update], Deere & Company employed about 67,000 people worldwide, of which half are in the United States and Canada, and is the largest agriculture machinery company in the world. In August 2014, the company announced it was indefinitely laying off 600 of its workers at plants in Illinois, Iowa, and Kansas due to less demand for its products.[17] Inside the United States, the company's primary locations are its administrative center in Moline, Illinois, and manufacturing factories in central and southeastern United States.[18] As of 2016[update], the company experiments with an electric farm tractor.[19]
The logo of the leaping deer has been used by this company for over 155 years. Over the years, the logo has had minor changes and pieces removed. Some of the older style logos have the deer leaping over a log.[20][21] The company uses different logo colors for agricultural vs. construction products. The company's agricultural products are identifiable by a distinctive shade of green paint, with the inside border being yellow. While the construction products are identifiable by a shade of black with the deer being yellow, and the inside border also being yellow.
Products[edit]
John Deere manufactures a wide range of products, with several models of each in many cases.
Agricultural equipment[edit]
Agricultural products include, among others, tractors, combine harvesters, cotton harvesters, balers, planters/seeders, silage machines, and sprayers.
See also: List of John Deere tractors







Tractor









Tracked tractor (9630T)









FEL attachment









Combine









Forage harvester









Cotton picker









Sugarcane harvester









Seed drill









Field sprayer









Telescopic handler









Horse drawn manure spreader




Construction equipment[edit]
Construction equipment includes:







Excavator









Loader









Tracked loader









Backhoe









Skid-steer









Grader




Forestry equipment[edit]
John Deere manufactures a range of forestry machinery, among others, harvesters, forwarders, skidders. feller bunchers and log loaders. Timberjack is a subsidiary of John Deere since 2000.







Harvester









Forwarder









Skidder




Other products[edit]
The company manufactures lawn mowers and also is a manufacturer of consumer and commercial equipment, and snow throwers, as well as a supplier of diesel engines and powertrains (axles, transmissions, etc.) used especially in heavy equipment.[citation needed]
Other products were/are snowmobiles, all-terrain vehicles, and StarFire (a wide-area differential GPS).







Lawn mower









UTV (Gator)









Diesel engine




Factories[edit]




The John Deere Pavilion in Moline, Illinois






Horicon Works in Horicon, Wisconsin






John Deere factory in Mannheim, Germany






John Deere representatives at the Encuentro Empresarial Coparmex in Chihuahua, Mexico.






New John Deere tractors on a barge, Mannheim Harbour


Major North American factories include:

Harvester Works (large combine harvesters) East Moline, Illinois
Cylinder Internal Platform (hydraulic cylinders) Moline, Illinois
Seeding Group (planting equipment) Moline, Illinois and Valley City, North Dakota
Davenport Works (wheel loaders, motor graders, articulated dump trucks, wheeled forestry equipment) Davenport, Iowa
Dubuque Works (backhoes, crawlers, skid-steer loaders, tracked forestry equipment) Dubuque, Iowa
Des Moines Works (tillage equipment, cotton harvesters, sprayers) Ankeny, Iowa
Ottumwa Works (hay and forage equipment) Ottumwa, Iowa
Thibodaux Works (cane-harvesting equipment, scrapers) Thibodaux, Louisiana
Horicon Works (lawn and garden and turf care) Horicon, Wisconsin
Augusta Works (small commercial and agricultural tractors) Augusta, Georgia
Turf Care (specialty golf equipment and commercial mowing) Fuquay Varina, North Carolina
Industrias John Deere (agricultural tractors; construction equipment) (Monterrey, Mexico)
Motores John Deere (power systems; 6- and 4-cylinder engines, heavy-duty axles) Torreon, Mexico
Coffeyville Works (transmissions, pump drives, planetaries) Coffeyville, Kansas
Waterloo Works (tractor, cab, and assembly operations, drivetrain operations, foundry operations, service parts operations) Waterloo, Iowa
Power Systems and Engine Works (power systems and engines) Waterloo, Iowa

Other important factories:

John Deere Usine Saran (power systems), Fleury-les-Aubrais, France
John Deere Argentina (engines, tractors, and combine harvesters), Granadero Baigorria, Santa Fe, Argentina
John Deere Equipment Pvt Ltd (5000-series tractors) Pune, India
John Deere Equipment Pvt Ltd (5000-series tractors), Dewas, India
John Deere Electronic solutions, Pune, India
John Deere Harvester Works, Sirhind-Fategarh, India
John Deere Werke Mannheim (6000-series tractors), Mannheim, Germany
John Deere Brasil: Montenegro, Rio Grande do Sul (tractors), Horizontina - RS (harvesters and planters), Catalão - GO (sugarcane harvesters)
John Deere Werke Zweibrücken (harvesting equipment) Zweibrücken, Germany
John Deere Fabriek Horst (pulled and self-propelled agricultural sprayers) Horst, The Netherlands
John Deere Forestry Oy (forwarders, wheeled harvesters) Joensuu, Finland
John Deere Reman[22] remanufacturing components for off-highway vehicles: facilities in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada (cylinders, axles, transmissions, pumps, hydraulic and powertrain components) and Springfield, Missouri, USA (engines, fuel systems, turbochargers).
Sabo (consumer and commercial lawn equipment) Gummersbach, Germany





John Deere Combine harvesters being transported by railway on goods wagons in Tyrone, Pennsylvania, in the United States


Equipment divisions[edit]


Name
City/State
Country
Products
Division
Comments


Industrias John Deere Argentina S.A.
Santa Fe
Argentina
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Limited Parts Distribution Center
Derrimut, Victoria
Australia
 
Agriculture
 


Auteq Telematica S.A.
São Paulo
Brazil
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Brazil Ltda. - Unidade Catalão
Catalão (GO)
Brazil
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Brazil Ltda. - Unidade Horizontina
Horizontina (RS)
Brazil
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Brazil Ltda. - Unidade Montenegro
Montenegro (RS)
Brazil
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere (Harbin) Agriculture Machinery Co., Ltd.
Jiamusi, Heilongjiang
China
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere (Ningbo) Agriculture Machinery Co., Ltd.
Zhenhai District, Ningbo
China
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere (Tianjin) Agriculture Machinery Co., Ltd.
Tianjin
China
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Usine d'Arc-les-Gray, France
Gray Cedex
France
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere GmbH & Co. KG
Bruchsal
Germany
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere GmbH & Co. KG
Mannheim
Germany
 
Agriculture
 


Maschinenfabrik Kemper GmbH & Co.KG
Stadtlohn
Germany
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere GmbH & Co. KG
Zweibruecken
Germany
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Equipment Private Ltd.
Dist. Pune - 412208 Maharashtra
India
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere India Private Limited
Patiala Punjab 147 001
India
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere India Pvt. Ltd.
Dewas (Madhya Pradesh)
India
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere BH Works Ltd
Park Zvaim
Israel
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Cylinder Internal Platform
Ramos Arizpe, Coah.
Mexico
 
Agriculture
 


Industrias John Deere S.A. de C.V.
Monterrey, N.L.
Mexico
 
Agriculture
 


Industrias John Deere, S.A. de C.V.
Zona Centro, Saltillo, Coah.
Mexico
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Ramos
Ramos Arizpe, Coah.
Mexico
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Fabriek Horst B.V.
Horst
Netherlands
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Domodedovo
Domodedovo
Russia
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Orenburg
Orenburg
Russia
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Ibérica, S.
Madrid
Spain
 
Agriculture
 


The Vapormatic Company Ltd.
Exeter
United Kingdom
 
Agriculture
 


NavCom Technology, Inc.
Torrance, CA
United States
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Cylinder Internal Platform
Moline, IL
United States
Cylinder manufacturing
Agriculture
 


John Deere Harvester Works
East Moline, IL
United States
Large combine harvesters
Agriculture
 


John Deere Seeding Group
East Moline, IL
United States
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Des Moines Works
Ankeny, IA
United States
Sprayers, cotton harvesters, and tillage equipment
Agriculture
 


John Deere Ottumwa Works
Ottumwa, IA
United States
Baling technology
Agriculture
 


John Deere Paton
Paton, IA
United States
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Intelligent Solutions Group - Urbandale
Urbandale, IA
United States
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Waterloo Works - Tractor, Cab, and Assembly Operations
Waterloo, IA
United States
6R, 7R, 8R/8RT, and 9R/9RT Series tractors
Agriculture
 


John Deere Waterloo Works - Drivetrain Operations
Waterloo, IA
United States
Transmissions, drives, and axle machining and assembly
Agriculture
 


John Deere Waterloo Works - Service Parts Operations
Waterloo, IA
United States
Tractor service parts
Agriculture
 


John Deere Waterloo Works - Foundry Operations
Waterloo, IA
United States
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Thibodaux
Thibodaux, LA
United States
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Seeding Group
Valley City, ND
United States
 
Agriculture
 


Waratah Forestry Equipment Pty. Ltd
Melton, Victoria
Australia
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Brazil Ltda.
Lado Direito Indaiatuba – São Paulo
Brazil
 
Construction and forestry
 


Deere Hitachi
Indaiatuba, São Paulo
Brazil
 
Construction and forestry
 


Deere-Hitachi Specialty Products (DHSP) — Langley
Langley, British Columbia
Canada
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Reman — Edmonton
Alberta
Canada
 
Construction and forestry
 


Waratah Forestry Equipment Canada, Ltd.
Kamloops, BC
Canada
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere (Tianjin) Company Limited
Tianjin
China
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Forestry — Joensuu, Finland
Joensuu
Finland
 
Construction and forestry
 


Waratah OM Oy
Joensuu, Finland
Finland
 
Construction and forestry
 


Ashok Leyland John Deere Construction Equipment Pvt. Ltd.
Tamil Nadu
India
 
Construction and forestry
 


Industrias John Deere S.A. de C.V.
Garza Garcia, Nuevo Leon
Mexico
 
Construction and forestry
 


Waratah NZ Ltd.
Tokoroa Waikato
New Zealand
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Domodedovo
Moscow
Russia
 
Construction and forestry
 


Bell Equipment Limited
Empangeni
South Africa
 
Construction and forestry
 


Waratah Forestry Attachment, LLC.
Peachtree City, GA
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Construction & Forestry Company
Moline, IL
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Davenport Works
Davenport, IA
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Training Center - Davenport
Davenport, IA
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Dubuque Works
Dubuque, IA
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Reman — Springfield
Springfield, MO
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


Deere-Hitachi Construction Machinery Corp.
Kernersville, NC
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


Waratah Forestry Attachment, LLC
Kelso, WA
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


SABO - Maschinenfabrik GmbH
Gummersbach
Germany
 
Turf
 


John Deere Commercial Products
Grovetown, GA
United States
 
Turf
 


John Deere Turf Care
Fuquay-Varina, NC
United States
 
Turf
 


John Deere Training Center - Morrisville
Morrisville, NC
United States
 
Turf
 


Transaxle Manufacturing of America Corporation
Rock Hill, SC
United States
 
Turf
 


John Deere Power Products
Greeneville, TN
United States
 
Turf
 


John Deere Horicon Works
Horicon, WI
United States
 
Turf
 


Subsidiaries and affiliates[edit]
Current[edit]

AGRIS Corporation (John Deere Agri Services)




John Deere 8530 tractor with Kinze 3700 planter



John Deere Ag Management Solutions (intelligent mobile equipment technologies) Urbandale, Iowa
John Deere Capital Corporation
John Deere Financial[23] (John Deere Credit and Finance) Johnston, Iowa.
Kemper (row tolerant headers for forage harvesters and combines) Stadtlohn, Germany
Waratah Forestry Attachments (forestry harvesting heads) Tokoroa, New Zealand
Agreentech
NavCom Technology, Inc. (precision positioning systems, see also StarFire) Torrance, California
John Deere Electronic Solutions (Ruggedized electronics) Fargo, North Dakota
Ningbo Benye Tractor & Automobile Manufacture Co. Ltd. (low HP tractors) Ningbo, China
Machinefinder (used equipment division and marketplace)
John Deere Technology Innovation Center located in Research Park, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign
QCFS and Consolidating (attachment distribution center) Davenport, IA

Former[edit]

John Deere Renewables, LLC, a wind energy plant manufacturing arm which represented John Deere's extension into the renewable energy industry - under which it had successfully completed 36 projects in eight US states - was sold to Exelon Energy in August 2010.[24]

Pop culture[edit]

Joe Diffie released a song in 1993 called "John Deere Green", a top-five hit.
Kenny Chesney released a song in 1999 called "She Thinks my Tractor's Sexy" referencing John Deere Tractors, saying "She ain't into cars or pick up trucks,

But if it runs like a Deere, man, her eyes light up"

George Jones famously drove a John Deere lawn tractor to a liquor store after his wife had taken away his car keys to keep him from driving drunk. The incident was later memorialized as part of country music lore in numerous songs and videos, including Jones’ own “Honky Tonk Song” in 1996. Twelve years earlier, the video for Hank Williams Jr.’s “All My Rowdy Friends Are Coming Over Tonight” featured George Jones riding a lawnmower. Vince Gill’s 1993 hit “One More Last Chance” includes the line, “She might have took my car keys, but she forgot about my old John Deere.” The video ends with Gill on a John Deere tractor passing Jones on a John Deere lawnmower. The video for John Rich’s “Country Done Come to Town” also features Jones on a riding lawnmower.[25]

Sponsorships[edit]

The John Deere Classic is an American professional golf tournament sponsored by the company.
John Deere sponsored the #23 and #97 cars for NASCAR driver Chad Little in the late 1990s.[26]

Controversies[edit]
Some groups, including the Electronic Frontier Foundation,[27][28] have taken issue with the fact that John Deere's license covering the internal software on tractor control computers does not allow them to modify the software and that John Deere claims doing so would be DMCA forbidden bypassing of DRM.[29] John Deere locks tractors digitally under usage of the DMCA DRM-law to prevent the DIY repairing by the owning farmers, stating safety concerns as reason.[30]
Green Magazine[edit]
Green Magazine is a publication devoted to John Deere enthusiasts[31][32] which began in November 1984 by Richard and Carol Hain of Bee, Nebraska. The first issue mailed in early November 1984 to 135 paid subscribers consisted of 10 black and white pages with features on tractors, letters from readers, and advertisements.[33] At the time, the magazine was published bimonthly. The writing was done in Lincoln, Nebraska, and it was mailed from the Bee, Nebraska, post office. The magazine grew rapidly, and in 1990, bowing to public demand, the magazine became a monthly. Circulation continued to increase, and at the current time hovers around 30,000. The magazine now generally contains 88 full-color pages and is perfect bound. It is now printed in Michigan and mailed from several different post offices throughout the country.
Current content usually includes a "Tip of the Month" article covering New Generation restoration written by Dan Brotzman, a "Youngtimer" article written by Tyler Buchheit, "Shop Talk" by Ron and JoAnn O'Neill, "Saw it On eBay" by Adam Smith and Benjamin Hain, "Scale Models" by Bill Proft, "What's New and Old" by Greg Stephen, "Feature Model" by Benjamin Hain, "Do You Have One of These" by Richard Hain, and "Mr. Thinker", which is said to be written by "a variety of experts".
See also[edit]


Companies portal
Agriculture and Agronomy portal



John Deere World Headquarters
List of John Deere tractors
John Deere Buck

References[edit]


^ VanderMey, Anne (February 25, 2013). "John Deere Plows Ahead". Fortune. 167 (3): 19. 
^ a b c d e f https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/DE/financials?p=DE
^ "Fortune 500". Fortune. Retrieved 2016-08-31. 
^ "Global 500". Fortune. Retrieved 2016-08-31. 
^ https://www.nyse.com/quote/XNYS:DE, retrieved 2014-07-22.
^ Reynolds, John P. "Transactions of the Illinois State Agricultural Society, with Reports from County and District Agricultural Societies", Illinois Journal Printing Office, 1871, pg. 43,
^ a b c "A Brief Look at John Deere Combine History: 86 Years of Evolution". blog.machinefinder.com. Retrieved 2016-02-07. 
^ Pure genius: the inventor's hall of fame. Independent.co.uk (2008-02-22). Retrieved on 2011-01-03.
^ "John Deere War Hero's Recognized for Patriotism". blog.machinefinder.com. Retrieved 2016-02-07. 
^ "Agricultural Machinery during the 1940s". livinghistoryfarm.org. Retrieved 2016-02-07. 
^ "A Big Day for Deere" (PDF). The Plowshare. 14: 1–6. 27 March 2009. Retrieved 2016-02-07. 
^ Peter Easterlund. "TractorData.com John Deere 4010 tractor information". tractordata.com. 
^ "Archived copy". Archived from the original on 2015-06-22. Retrieved 2016-01-11. 
^ "John Deere 4010". agriculture.com. 
^ Illinois Manufacturers Directory, Manufacturers' News, Inc. Chicago, IL, copyright 1962, p. 1503, 1594–1595
^ http://farmindustrynews.com/show-me-rotaries
^ "Hit by weak crop prices Deere to lay off 600 manufacturing staff". Chicago Chronicle. 15 August 2014. Retrieved 2014-08-15. 
^ John Deere worldwide
^ "John Deere unveils latest all-electric tractor prototype for zero-emission agriculture". Electrek. 5 December 2016. Retrieved 5 December 2016. 
^ "John Deere History". www.deere.com. Retrieved 2015-04-06. 
^ History of the John Deere Trademark Trademarks
^ John Deere Reman Homepage Archived 2009-07-24 at the Wayback Machine.. Deere.com (2009-03-20). Retrieved on 2011-01-03.
^ John Deere Credit is your source for equipment financing solutions - John Deere Credit, U.S.A Archived 2008-12-09 at the Wayback Machine.. Deere.com. Retrieved on 2011-01-03.
^ Deere Reaches Agreement for Sale of Wind Energy Business. Deere.com (2010-08-31). Retrieved on 2011-01-03.
^ http://www.savingcountrymusic.com/george-jones-his-notorious-riding-lawnmower/
^ "Chad Little Sprint Cup All Star race results". Racing Reference. Retrieved 2014-06-09. 
^ Automakers Say You Don’t Really Own Your Car on eff.org (April 2015)
^ John Deere Really Doesn’t Want You to Own That Tractor on eff.org by Kit Walsh (December 20, 2016)
^ Wiens, Kyle (21 April 2015). "We Can’t Let John Deere Destroy the Very Idea of Ownership". Wired. Retrieved 2015-04-27. 
^ Sydell, Laura (2015-08-17). "DIY Tractor Repair Runs Afoul Of Copyright Law". npr.com. Retrieved 2015-08-31. And the little computer screen lets him know when something is wrong. Unfortunately, Alford isn't allowed to fix it. John Deere has a digital lock on the software that runs his tractor. And it won't give him the key. [...] The company went on to say that unqualified individuals could endanger customer safety. 
^ "John Deere Two-Cylinder Tractor Buyer's Guide". 
^ "Standard Catalog of John Deere Tractors 1st". 
^ Mary Lou Montgomery. "John Deere heritage runs deep on Missouri farm". Neosho Daily News. Retrieved 2015-06-04. 


Further reading[edit]

Broehl, Wayne G., Jr. (1984). John Deere's Company: A History of Deere & Company and Its Times. New York City: Doubleday. ISBN 9780385196642. OCLC 10606276. 
Dahlstrom, Jeremy; Dahlstrom, Neil (2005). The John Deere Story: A Biography of Plowmakers John & Charles Deere. Dekalb, Illinois: Northern Illinois University Press. ISBN 9780875803364. OCLC 56753352. 
Kendall, Edward C. (1959). John Deere's Steel Plow. Washington, D.C.: Smithsonian Institution. OCLC 3302873. 

External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to John Deere.



Official website
Green Magazine
John Deere at RitchieWiki, the Equipment Wiki



Business data for John Deere: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings










v
t
e


John Deere



Vehicles



4020 Tractor
5220 Tractor
9630 Tractor
Buck ATV
DB120 Planter
Gator ATV
Military Robot
Snowmobiles
Other Tractors





Divisions



Chamberlain (Australia)
Lanz Bulldog (Germany)
Matbro Forklifts
Nortrax Heavy Equipment
StarFire GPS
Timberjack Forestry





People



John Deere
Hans W. Becherer
John Rusling Block
George Peek





Other



Country Song
Golf Tournament
Museum
Pavilion
Supreme Court Case
TV Show
Video Game
World Headquarters












v
t
e


Illinois-based corporations



Fortune 500
corporations
(by size–2013)



Walgreens Boots Alliance
Archer Daniels Midland
Boeing
Caterpillar Inc.
State Farm Insurance
Abbott Laboratories
Sears Holdings
United Continental Holdings
Deere & Company
Mondelēz International
Allstate
McDonald's
Exelon
Kraft Heinz
Illinois Tool Works
Baxter International
Navistar International
RR Donnelley
CDW
Hillshire Brands
Discover Financial
W. W. Grainger
Motorola Solutions
Dover Corporation
Tenneco
Ingredion
Anixter
United Stationers
AbbVie
Old Republic International





Other major
public companies
(alphabetically)



ACCO Brands
Accretive Health
Allscripts
Amcol International Corporation
Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.
Brunswick Corporation
Calamos
Career Education Corporation
Catamaran Corporation
CBOE Holdings
CF Industries Holdings
CME Group
CNA Financial
Equity Residential
Fortune Brands Home & Security
General Growth Properties
Hospira
Hyatt Hotels Corp.
Integrys Energy Group
Jones Lang LaSalle
Kemper Corporation
Nalco Holding Company
Nicor
Northern Trust
RLI Corp.
Rubicon Technology
Stericycle
Telephone and Data Systems
Titan International
Tribune Media
Tronc
Tootsie Roll Industries
ULTA Beauty
US Foods
USG Corporation
Westell
Zebra Technologies





Other major
private companies
(alphabetically)



Ace Hardware
Baker & McKenzie
Blue Cross Blue Shield Association
Claire's
Country Financial
Danfoss Power Solutions
Dot Foods
Eby-Brown
Electro-Motive Diesel
Flex-N-Gate
Follett Corporation
Gardner Denver
Grant Thornton LLP
Health Care Service Corporation
Heico Cos.
Hendrickson International
Hub International
Jenner & Block
Kirkland & Ellis
Marmon Group
Mayer Brown
Medline Industries
Molex
Morton Salt
Nestlé Frozen Pizza
OSI Group
Pactiv
Reyes Holdings
Ryerson, Inc.
Sidley Austin
Skidmore, Owings & Merrill
Solo Cup Company
Tellabs
TransUnion
True Value
Wirtz Corporation





Related topics



Breweries in Illinois
Companies in the Chicago metropolitan area
Food manufacturers of Chicago
Newspapers in Illinois
Wineries in Illinois












v
t
e


Automotive industry in the United States






Automotive industry
Economy of the United States
Transportation in the United States





American vehicle
manufacturers
(list)



AGCO

Challenger Tractor
Massey Ferguson


AM General
American Expedition Vehicles
American Growler
Amp Electric Vehicles
Anteros Coachworks
Arcimoto
Armour Group, Inc.
ATK motorcycles
Aurica Motors
Autocar
Blue Bird
Boulder Electric Vehicle
Brammo
Brunton Stalker
Caterpillar
FCA US

Chrysler
Dodge
Jeep
Ram


CNH Industrial

Case CE
Case IH


Commuter Cars
Cushman
Cycle-Scoot
DeLorean
Chenowth Racing Products
Eagle Bus
Environmental Performance Vehicles
Equus
Elio Motors
Faraday Future
Fisker Inc.
Ford

Lincoln
SVT


General Dynamics Land Systems
General Motors

Buick
Cadillac
Chevrolet
GMC


Gillig
Glaval Bus
GreenTech
Harley-Davidson
HDT Global
Hennessey
HME
John Deere
Karma Automotive
Legacy
Local Motors
Lockheed Martin
Lingenfelter
Lenco Industries
Mack Trucks
Millennium Luxury Coaches
Morgan Olson
Mosler Automotive
MotoCzysz
Motor Coach Industries
Myers Motors
Navistar International

IC Bus
International


Nissan Commercial Vehicles
North American Bus Industries
Oka
Oshkosh

Pierce


Paccar

Kenworth
Peterbilt


Panoz
Phoenix Motorcars
Polaris Industries

Global Electric Motorcars
Indian
Victory


REV Group

Champion Bus
Collins
ElDorado National
E-One
Fleetwood
Goshen Coach
Holiday Rambler
Laymor
Wheeled Coach


Saleen
Shelby American
SSC North America
Starcraft Bus
Superformance
Tesla
Textron Marine & Land Systems
Trans Tech
TranStar Racing
Ultimaster
VIA Motors
Visionary Vehicles
Wheego Electric Cars
ZAP
Zimmer Motorcars





Foreign vehicle
manufacturers
with US operations



AB Volvo USA
BMW US Manufacturing Company
BYD Auto America
Changan USA
Daimler North America

Daimler Trucks North America

Thomas
Freightliner
Western Star




FAW Group USA
Fiat USA
FHI America
Honda of America

Acura


Hyundai USA
Isuzu America
Kia Motors America
Mazda America
Mitsubishi Motors North America
New Flyer Industries(1)

New Flyer
NABI
Motor Coach Industries


Nissan USA
Peugeot USA
SAIC Motor USA
Suzuki America
Toyota Motor Sales, U.S.A.

Lexus
Scion


Volkswagen Group of America
Wanxiang America





Active factories



BMW US Manufacturing Company
Fiat Chrysler factories
Ford factories
General Motors factories
Honda of America factories
Hyundai Motor Manufacturing Alabama
Kia Motors Manufacturing Georgia
Mercedes-Benz U.S. International
Nissan North America
Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc.
Tesla Factory
Toyota Motor Engineering & Manufacturing North America
Volkswagen Chattanooga Assembly Plant





Components companies



Allison
BorgWarner
Caterpillar
Cummins
Delphi
Detroit Diesel
Eaton
Firestone
Goodyear
Nexteer
Remy International
Timken
Torrington
Visteon





Insurance and finance
companies



Allstate

Ecompass Insurance
Esurance


Ally Financial
Erie Insurance Group
Farmers Insurance Group

21st Century Insurance
Farmers Insurance


GM Financial
GMAC Insurance
Kemper Direct
Progressive
Safe Auto
State Farm





Design studios



Calty Design Research
Designworks





By state



Massachusetts





Former manufacturers(2)



Coda
FMC





Defunct vehicle
manufacturers



Allis-Chalmers
American Austin
American LaFrance
American Motors

Hudson

Essex
Terraplane


Nash
Rambler


Armor Holdings
Armored Motor Car Company
Auburn Automobile
Avanti Motor Corporation
Avery
BMC
Carbon Motors Corporation
Checker Motors Corporation
Commonwealth
Cord
Case
CNH Global
Duesenberg
Durant

Flint
Locomobile
Mason
Rugby
Star


Excalibur
FCA US

Eagle
Plymouth
Street & Racing Technology (still used as a trim for dodge vehicles)


Fiberfab
Fitch Four Drive
Fisker Automotive
Fisker Coachbuild
Force Protection
Ford

Continental
Edsel
Mercury


General Motors

Cartercar
Elmore
GM Diesel
Geo
Hummer
LaSalle
Marquette
McLaughlin
Oakland
Oldsmobile
Pontiac
Saturn
Scripps-Booth
Sheridan
Viking
Yellow Coach


Green Vehicles
Grumman
Henney
International Harvester
Jeffery
Kaiser-Frazer

Allstate
Frazer
Henry J
Kaiser
Willys


Marathon Motor Works
Marmon

Roosevelt


Marvel Motors
Matbro
Mercer
Monaco Coach
Muntz Car Company
Oliver Farm Equipment
Packard
Peerless Motor Company
Pierce-Arrow
Sebring Vanguard
Sterling Trucks
Studebaker

Erskine
Rockne


Stutz
Twentieth Century Motor Car Corporation
United Defense
VL
White
Wildfire





Defunct factories



Brampton Assembly (AMC)
Diamond-Star Motors
Fiat Chrysler factories closed
Ford factories closed
General Motors factories closed
NUMMI
Packard Automotive Plant
Volkswagen Westmoreland Assembly





Related topics



AAA
Chicago Auto Show
Interstate Highway System
National Highway Traffic Safety Administration
New York International Auto Show
North American International Auto Show
SAE International








(1)Although New Flyer is Canadian, their Subsidiaries, NABI and Motor Coach Industries, are headquartered in the U.S.


(2)Former meaning the company is no longer in the automotive manufacturing business


 Category
 Portal










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=John_Deere&oldid=790547656"					
Categories: John Deere1837 establishments in IllinoisAgriculture companies of the United StatesCompanies based in Rock Island County, IllinoisCompanies based in the Quad CitiesCompanies established in 1837Companies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeConstruction equipment manufacturersDefense companies of the United StatesEngine manufacturersDiesel engine manufacturersEngineering vehiclesGarden tool manufacturersLawn and garden tractorsManufacturing companies based in IllinoisMoline, IllinoisPower tool manufacturersTractor manufacturers of the United StatesHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksArticles needing additional references from April 2017All articles needing additional referencesArticles using small message boxesAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from May 2015Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2014All articles containing potentially dated statementsArticles containing potentially dated statements from 2016Articles with unsourced statements from September 2013 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


AfrikaansالعربيةБългарскиCatalàČeštinaDanskDeutschEspañolEuskaraفارسیFrançaisGalego한국어HrvatskiBahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתKurdîNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålNorsk nynorskPlattdüütschPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийСаха тылаSlovenščinaSuomiSvenskaTürkçe中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 14 July 2017, at 13:16.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 










DEERE & CO. v. MTD PRODUC | 860 F.Supp. 113 (1994) | Leagle.com











































Menu





Home
Featured Lawyers
Featured Decisions
Latest Decisions
Browse Decisions
Advanced Search



















LAWYER LOGIN








Home
Browse Decisions
F.Supp.
860 F.Supp.
860 F.Supp. 113 (1994)



					 
				




								DEERE & CO. v. MTD PRODUCTS, INC.
							

Email  | 
								Print  |
								Comments (0)



									No. 94 Civ. 2322 (LMM).
								




View Case
Cited Cases
Citing Case 




860 F.Supp. 113 (1994)


DEERE & COMPANY, Plaintiff,
v.
MTD PRODUCTS, INC., Defendant.


United States District Court, S.D. New York.
July 27, 1994.
Supplemental Findings of Fact, Conclusions of Law, and Order August 11, 1994.








Attorney(s) appearing for the Case
 Arthur J. Ginsburg (David Y. Atlas, Richard Kurnit, of counsel), Frankfurt, Garbus, Klein & Selz, New York City, for plaintiff Deere & Co.
Patricia Hatry, Davis & Gilbert, New York City, for defendant MTD Products, Inc.





FINDINGS OF FACT, CONCLUSIONS OF LAW, AND ORDER
McKENNA, District Judge.
Plaintiff Deere & Company ("Deere") initiated this action by filing the Complaint, along with an Order to Show Cause seeking a Preliminary Injunction and a Temporary Restraining Order, on April 1, 1994. Plaintiff alleges that the actions of Defendant MTD Products, Inc. ("MTD"), in broadcasting or causing to be broadcast the television commercial at issue, violate Section 43 of the Lanham Act, 15 U.S.C. § 1125(a), and the New York anti-dilution law, N.Y.Gen.Bus. Law Art. 24 § 368-d (McKinney 1984), and constitute unfair competition and unjust enrichment under the common law of New York. Plaintiff contends that the jurisdiction of the Court arises because the litigation raises a question under federal law (specifically the Lanham Act, 15 U.S.C. § 1051 et seq.), because there is diversity of citizenship of the parties and the amount in controversy is greater than $50,000, and on the basis of supplemental jurisdiction. See 15 U.S.C. § 1121, and 28 U.S.C. §§ 1331, 1332, 1338(a), (b), and 1367(a). After a hearing held on April 1, 1994, the Court denied Plaintiff's application for a Temporary Restraining Order. On April 21 and 22, 1994, a hearing was held on the Order to Show Cause for a Preliminary Injunction.1
For the reasons set forth below, Plaintiff's application for a preliminary injunction is granted.
I.
A.
Plaintiff Deere is a Delaware corporation with its principal place of business in Illinois. For more than 150 years, Deere has been in the agricultural equipment industry, and is nationally and internationally famous for both its agricultural equipment and its lawn and grounds care products. Deere has used a leaping male deer design as a trademark for identifying its products and services for over one hundred years. Since 1968, the current version of the leaping male deer logo (the "Deere Logo") has been used in some form on or in connection with substantially all of its products and services, as well as in advertisements and promotional material for those goods and services. Deere is the owner of numerous trademark registrations both in the United States and throughout the world for different versions of the Deere Logo; the versions vary in numerous respects, including the use or absence of a border or frame and the use or absence of the name "John Deere." What the trademarks have in common is the substantially identical, static, two-dimensional silhouette of a leaping male deer in profile, facing to the viewer's left. See Nolan Aff., Mar. 31, 1994 ("Nolan Aff. I"), Exs. A-B; Nolan Aff., Apr. 11, 1994 ("Nolan Aff. II"), Exs. E-W.
Deere's net sales of equipment bearing the Deere Logo for the fiscal year ending October 31, 1993, exceeded $6.4 billion, of which more than $4.4 billion were in the United  States.2 In each of the fiscal years 1992 and 1993, Deere spent more than $40 million advertising its agricultural, industrial, and lawn and grounds care products and services, using the Deere Logo, in the United States. Deere has budgeted a similar amount for the same purpose for fiscal year 1994.3 In addition, Deere has spent a substantial amount of money in advertising and promoting its products, using the Deere Logo, outside the United States.
The Deere Logo has been an important part of Deere's marketing efforts for more than 100 years. Plaintiff maintains that the Deere Logo is "one of the most recognizable logos in the world," Wood Aff. ¶ 4. Through its widespread use, the Deere Logo has, according to Plaintiff, "achieved a secondary meaning in the marketplace," and has "become [a] business asset[] of immense value to Deere and represent[s] substantial goodwill to Deere." Compl. ¶¶ 13, 14; accord Pl.'s Reply Br. Further Supp.Mot.Prelim.Inj. at 11 ("[Deere's] leaping deer logo is enormously distinctive and enjoys extraordinary secondary meaning by virtue of its use in connection with various goods and services for more than 100 years."). Plaintiff considered and rejected the idea of animating the Deere Logo, Harries Aff. ¶ 5, and has never given anyone else permission to animate it.
B.
Defendant MTD is an Ohio corporation with its principal place of business in Ohio. MTD manufactures, inter alia, lawn tractors and mowers. The instant action revolves around a commercial advertising MTD lawn tractors — specifically, the Yard-Man lawn tractor line — produced for MTD by W.B. Doner & Company ("Doner"), which, at the time this action was commenced, had served as MTD's advertising agency for three years. At the April 1, 1994, hearing, Defendant presented a revised version of the original commercial with two significant changes: 1) the addition of visual text superimposed below the version of the Deere Logo used in the commercial that reads "This is a trademark of John Deere and not affiliated with Yard-Man", see Facsimile Copy of Storyboard ("Storyboard"), Def.'s Ex. O; and 2) a change in the voice-over, so that what was heard in the original version — "[The Yard-Man] doesn't run for nearly as much money" — was changed to "[The Yard-Man] doesn't cost nearly as much money." See Videotape of Updated and Original Versions of Commercial ("Videotape"), Pl.'s Ex. 39; see also TRO Hr'g Tr. 33-34. The Court's denial of Plaintiff's request for a Temporary Restraining Order, entered at the April 1, 1994, hearing, was made with the understanding that from that point forward only the revised version of the commercial would be broadcast. See TRO Hr'g, at 40. It is this revised version of the commercial (the "Commercial") that is at issue in this action.
The Commercial had its genesis in a November 9, 1993, memorandum from David DeMuth, Vice President and Management Supervisor of Doner in charge of the MTD account, to John Parlato, Creative Director at Doner. DeMuth asked Parlato to oversee development of a commercial comparing the Yard-Man line of lawn tractors to a more expensive but otherwise comparable brand of tractor; DeMuth specifically suggested that the comparison be made to Deere lawn tractors. See Mem. from David DeMuth to John Parlato, Nov. 9, 1993, DeMuth Aff.Ex. A. At some point in the evolution from a general suggestion to a more defined commercial concept, the idea of animating the Deere Logo was born. On several occasions, DeMuth and another Doner employee, one L. Wickenden, solicited the opinion of Bryan Yolles, Executive Vice President, General Counsel, and Chief Administrative Officer of Doner, as to the legality of such a commercial. See, e.g., Mem. from L. Wickenden to Bryan Yolles, Oct. 28, 1993, Pl.'s Ex. 14 (expressing concern about possibly "disparaging the competition"; at the bottom of the letter, which asked Yolles to review the proposed  storyboard and script for the commercial, is the following handwritten note: "approved Bryan Jay Yolles 29 Oct. 1993"); Mem. from David DeMuth to Bryan Yolles, Undated, Pl.'s Ex. 23 (asking for review of storyboard and referencing previous conversations on the issue of whether to use the actual Deere Logo or an altered version of it, and indicating that DeMuth would follow up with Yolles by telephone); Mem. from Bryan Yolles to David DeMuth, Jan. 7, 1994, Pl.'s Ex. 16 (approving the "use [of] the actual John Deere Logo as long as [the commercial] indicate[s] that the logo is a registered trademark of The John Deere Company [sic]."). Yolles ultimately approved the commercial based on the storyboard, the script, and his discussions with DeMuth, because Yolles believed it was permissible to animate a competitor's logo. See Yolles Test., Transcript of April 21 and 22, 1994, Preliminary Injunction Hearing ("PI Hr'g Tr.") at 75-77.
Despite Yolles admonition to "use the actual John Deere Logo," Mem. from Bryan Yolles to David DeMuth, Jan. 7, 1994, Pl.'s Ex. 16, Doner concededly altered the static logo actually found on Deere tractors for use in the Commercial. In addition to the inserting the registered trademark symbol in the bottom right-hand corner outside the logo, a change — if it can be called that — which Yolles himself suggested, Doner removed "John Deere" from the version of the Deere Logo used by Deere on the front of its lawn tractors, a change Yolles concedes that he approved, see PI Hr'g Tr. 85; see also Mem. from David DeMuth to John Parlato/Judy Wittenberg, Dec. 16, 1993, Pl.'s Ex. 24 (describing need to alter version of the Deere Logo found on its lawn tractors because that version "has the words `John Deere' beneath the symbol."), and changed the shape of the boundary (making it more sharply rectangular than the actual Deere Logo). See Nolan Aff. II at 2. Plaintiff also contends that "the leaping deer design in the commercial appears to be a somewhat distorted version of Deere's leaping deer design trademark even before the deer design is animated in the commercial." Id. The Court agrees that the deer in the Commercial appears to be somewhat differently proportioned, particularly with respect to its width, than the deer in the Deere Logo. Compare Storyboard, Def.'s Ex. O with Nolan Aff. II Ex. I.4 In addition, of course, the animation of the static Deere logo — a detailed description of which follows — alters the static logo, at least to the extent that (considering the Commercial from a frame-by-frame perspective) the Commercial places the deer in myriad poses different from the pose it strikes in the Deere Logo. Of greater significance and concern to Plaintiff is the fact that the deer is made to move — to look behind it, to run, to jump, to change direction — something the static Deere Logo obviously (and by definition) does not do.
A description of the completed version of the Commercial (including the revisions incorporated just prior to the April 1, 1994, hearing) follows. The Commercial begins with a full, front-on shot of a John Deere lawn tractor; on the front of the tractor is the Commercial Logo.5 The next shot is a full screen close-up of the Commercial Logo; in the lower right-hand corner of the Commercial Logo, outside the border, is the symbol indicating a registered trademark (a capital "R" with a circle around it); below the Commercial Logo is the text: "This is a trademark of John Deere and not affiliated with Yard-Man". See Storyboard, Def.'s Ex. O; Videotape, Pl.'s Ex. 39. The voice-over that accompanies the first three cuts of the Commercial states: "A very expensive maker of lawn tractors likes to say `nothing runs like 'em.'" See Storyboard, Def.'s Ex. O; Videotape, Pl.'s Ex. 39. This is an obvious reference to the Deere slogan "NOTHING RUNS LIKE A DEERE", which is a registered trademark of Deere. See Nolan Aff. I Ex. C. After a number of live action shots of the Yard-Man tractor cutting a lawn, accompanied by a voice-over description of some of the tractor's features, another close-up of the Commercial Logo appears — this time without  the registered trademark symbol in the lower right-hand corner. The deer inside the Commercial Logo springs to life through animation, turning its head toward the viewer in order to look behind it (to the viewer's right) — presumably to see the Yard-Man tractor bearing down on it. The deer turns and faces forward again (to the viewer's left), lowers its head, and jumps forward (again to the viewer's left) through the left vertical border of the Commercial Logo, which breaks into pieces and tumbles toward the ground. The deer lands in a live action shot of the lawn, and continues throughout the Commercial to be superimposed onto live action footage. The deer begins to run with the tractor in pursuit. A close-up shot of the tractor is accompanied by the voice-over: "So it runs like a you-know-who. Only it doesn't cost nearly as much money." See Storyboard, Def.'s Ex. O; Videotape, Pl.'s Ex. 39. The deer, still moving from right to left, runs past a leashed dog; the dog is of a breed which, although unspecified in the record, is recognizable as being a breed that is short in stature. The dog barks or snaps at the deer, which changes direction and runs away from the dog; the deer continues to move from right to left, but in a way that makes it appear as if the deer is moving toward the viewer before it disappears into the lower left-hand corner of the screen. After a shot of a stationary Yard-Man tractor flanked by two Yard-Man lawn mowers, with a voice-over that states "Yard-Man. American Made. American Owned.",6 there is a final shot of the deer, now dwarfed by the Yard-Man tractor, running left to right with the Yard-Man tractor in pursuit.
The Commercial was submitted to ABC, NBC, and CBS for clearance by the legal staffs of those networks prior to their running it. All three networks sought and received substantiation of the claims made in the Commercial; Defendant has provided copies of the substantiation it submitted in support of the Commercial. See DeMuth Aff.Exs. D-1, D-2, and D-3.7 NBC approved the Commercial outright. ABC approved the Commercial with the following handwritten proviso: "Please be reminded ABC has the right to re-evaluate this commercial should there be [a] responsible complaint." See DeMuth Aff.Ex. D-1. CBS approved the Commercial after demanding and receiving a letter of indemnity from Doner, even though, according to Defendant, it is standard practice for a buyer of media time contractually to indemnify the network, and therefore, Doner already had indemnified CBS. See, e.g., Yolles Test., PI Hr'g Tr. 89-92.
The Commercial was scheduled to run, and presumably did run, during sports programs on major network, spot market, and cable television from the week of March 7, 1994, through the week of May 23, 1994. See Yard-Man '94 Spring Advertising Schedule, Def.'s Ex. Y. On March 27, 1994, John M. Nolan, Senior Patent Counsel for Deere, viewed a broadcast of the original version of the Commercial on WHBF-TV, a television station broadcasting from Rock Island, Illinois  that is associated with CBS.8 After a flurry of communication between Plaintiff's counsel and Defendant's general and outside counsels, Plaintiff commenced the instant action on April 1, 1994.
II.
At issue is Plaintiff's application for a preliminary injunction, inter alia, prohibiting further airing of the Commercial. It is well established that
[t]he standard in the Second Circuit for injunctive relief clearly calls for a showing of (a) irreparable harm and (b) either (1) likelihood of success on the merits or (2) sufficiently serious questions going to the merits to make them a fair ground for litigation and a balance of hardships tipping decidedly toward the party requesting the preliminary relief.
Bridgeport Coalition for Fair Representation v. City of Bridgeport, 26 F.3d 271, 274 (2d Cir.1994) (quoting Jackson Dairy v. H.P. Hood & Sons, 596 F.2d 70, 72 (2d Cir.1979)).
For reasons that will become clear, the Court limits its consideration of Plaintiff's motion for a preliminary injunction to the contention that the Commercial violates the New York anti-dilution statute. Section 368-d of Article 24 of the New York General Business Law states:
Likelihood of injury to business reputation or of dilution of the distinctive quality of a mark or trade name shall be a ground for injunctive relief in cases of infringement of a mark registered or not registered or in cases of unfair competition, notwithstanding the absence of competition between the parties or the absence of confusion as to the source of goods or services.
N.Y.Gen.Bus.Law Art. 24 § 368-d (McKinney 1984). As one commentator has explained:
The dilution theory grants protection to strong, well-recognized marks even in the absence of a likelihood of confusion, if defendant's use is such as to diminish or dilute the strong identification value of the plaintiff's mark even while not confusing customers as to source, sponsorship, affiliation or connection. The underlying rationale of the dilution doctrine is that a gradual attenuation or whittling away of the value of a trademark, resulting from use by another, constitutes an invasion of the senior user's property right in its mark and gives rise to an independent commercial tort.... [Dilution occurs when] the ability of the senior user's mark to serve as a unique identifier of the plaintiff's goods or services is weakened because the relevant public now also associates that designation with a new and different source.
2 J. Thomas McCarthy, McCarthy on Trademarks and Unfair Competition ("2 McCarthy") § 24.13[1][b], at 24-107 (3d ed. 1992). The Second Circuit has addressed the requirements for maintaining a claim under Section 368-d:
There are three elements of such a claim: (1) distinctiveness of the mark, either that the mark is truly of distinctive quality or has acquired secondary meaning in the eyes of the public; (2) likelihood of dilution, either as the result of blurring of product identification or the tarnishing of an affirmative association that a mark has come to convey; and (3) predatory intent.
W.W.W. Pharmaceutical Co. v. Gillette Co., 984 F.2d 567, 576-77 (2d Cir.1993) (quotation marks and citations omitted). Settling what had been a matter of some dispute, the Second Circuit recently held that Section 368-d "is applicable to competitors as well as non-competitors," Nikon Inc. v. Ikon Corp., 987 F.2d 91, 96 (2d Cir.1993).9
III.
Plaintiff has shown a likelihood of success on the merits on its anti-dilution claim and, moreover, has demonstrated it will be irreparably  harmed if injunctive relief is not granted.10
A.
Plaintiff has shown a likelihood that it will be able to succeed in satisfying the three required elements of a dilution claim pursuant to Section 368-d.
1.
Defendant does not dispute Plaintiff's contention that the Deere Logo, in its many manifestations, satisfies the distinctiveness requirement outlined in Gillette. The Court finds that because the Deere Logo is the kind of strong and distinctive mark that is capable of dilution, and because it has acquired the requisite secondary meaning in the marketplace, see Mead Data Central, Inc. v. Toyota Motor Sales, U.S.A., Inc., 875 F.2d 1026, 1030 (2d Cir.1989) (citations omitted), the Deere Logo satisfies the first element of the Gillette test, quoted supra.
The issue of likelihood of dilution is a more difficult one. Traditionally, the Second Circuit has defined dilution
as either the blurring of a mark's product identification or the tarnishment of the affirmative associations a mark has come to convey.
Mead, 875 F.2d at 1031 (citing Sally Gee, 699 F.2d at 625 (quoting 3A R. Callman, The Law of Unfair Competition, Trademarks and Monopolies § 84.2, at 954-55)).
The interest protected by § 368-d is not simply commercial goodwill, but the selling power that a distinctive mark or name with favorable associations has engendered for a product in the mind of the consuming public.
Sally Gee, 699 F.2d at 624-25 (citations omitted). In an attempt to identify the harm the statute is meant to prevent, the majority in Mead referred to the brief legislative history of the statute, which suggests that the purpose of the statute is to prevent
"the whittling away of an established trademark's selling power and value through its unauthorized use by others upon dissimilar products." The [legislative] history disclose[s] a need for legislation to prevent such "hypothetical anomalies" as "DuPont shoes, Buick aspirin tablets, Schlitz varnish, Kodak pianos, Bulova gowns, and so forth", and cite[s] cases involving similarly famous marks[.]
Mead, 875 F.2d at 1031 (quoting legislative history of Section 368-d) (citations omitted).
There has been little analysis of what precisely is meant by the "blurring of a mark's product identification." The majority opinion in Mead, after examining the legislative history of Section 368-d (quoted supra), indicated only that "some mental association" must exist between the plaintiff's and defendant's marks. See id. Otherwise, however, the Mead court did not provide guidelines for determining what constitutes blurring.11 In a concurring opinion in Mead, Judge Sweet noted that "confusion in the doctrine [of blurring] has created problems," id. at 1035 (Sweet, J., concurring), and suggested that "[t]here is much to be gained by defining a general concept like `blurring' more specifically." Id. Judge Sweet, borrowing from Judge Friendly's multi-factor balancing test for identifying confusion in the trademark infringement context (articulated in Polaroid Corp. v. Polaraid Elecs. Corp., 287 F.2d 492, 495 (2d Cir.), cert. denied, 368 U.S. 820, 82 S.Ct. 36, 7 L.Ed.2d 25 (1961)), suggested a test involving the balancing of six factors:
1) similarity of the marks
2) similarity of the products covered by the marks
3) sophistication of consumers
4) predatory intent
5) renown of the senior mark
6) renown of the junior mark
Mead, 875 F.2d at 1035 (Sweet, J., concurring). The fact that Defendant uses the  Deere Logo to refer to Deere's own products12 renders the first, second, fifth, and sixth factors meaningless in this context,13 leaving only the third and fourth factors, which, alone, cannot serve as a meaningful test of whether blurring has occurred. Thus, Judge Sweet's multi-factor blurring test is not applicable to the instant facts.
As the foregoing implies, the instant case is one of first impression.14 Trademarks are symbols — symbols of products and their origins. When a trademark is successfully employed, favorable associations accrue not only to its referent — the product or source for which the trademark stands — but also to the trademark itself. Blurring consists of the "the blurring of a mark's product identification...." Mead, 875 F.2d at 1031 (citing Sally Gee, 699 F.2d at 625 (quoting 3A R. Callman, The Law of Unfair Competition, Trademarks and Monopolies § 84.2, at 954-55)). To put it another way, blurring involves the dilution of the relationship between the symbol and the referent. Blurring is typically alleged in the trademark dilution context in one of two situations: (1) the use of an identical symbol (a mark or a name) for a different referent, which dilutes the strength of identification between the symbol and the original referent, see Mead, 875 F.2d at 1031 (quoting language of legislative history of Section 368-d concerning "hypothetical anomalies," quoted supra); or (2) the use of a demonstrably different, yet obviously similar symbol for a different referent, which diminishes the distinctiveness of the original symbol and thus lessens its power uniquely to call to mind the original referent. See supra note 13 (citing cases).
The instant action presents a third situation: a competitor animates the original static symbol (the Deere Logo), without the owner's permission, and uses the animated version (the Commercial Logo) in connection with the identical referent (Deere, specifically, Deere lawn tractors) for which the original version of the symbol was used.15 Defendant's actions have, in effect, created a second symbol — the animated Commercial Logo — for the same (aforementioned) referent. Thus, Defendant likely has diminished the strength of identification between the original symbol and its referent. The consumer may no longer associate the Deere Logo only with Deere and its products, but likely also will associate the Deere Logo with the Commercial Logo, thereby blurring the Deere Logo's product identification, cf. Mead, 875 F.2d at 1031, and reducing the  commercial goodwill and selling power of the Deere Logo.16 In addition, to the extent the sight or mention of a Deere product triggers in the consumer the image of the Deere Logo,17 and all the favorable associations accruing to it, there is less likelihood of such a seamless identification between Deere products and the Deere Logo, since such a mention or sighting may now trigger the image of the animated Commercial Logo instead or as well.18
One other point bears mentioning. It being well-established that a trademark owner does not retain exclusive control over the use of his trademark,19 it nevertheless seems equally clear, if less prominent in the case law applying the anti-dilution statute, that the holder of a trademark retains the right to prevent others from altering its static mark by animating it in order to win some competitive advantage for themselves. This point rests less on the concept of blurring per se than on the motivating principle behind Section 368-d: to protect against the usurpation of the commercial goodwill, selling power, and favorable associations embodied in the trademark, which rightfully belong to the mark's owner. As one commentator has put it,
[t]he underlying rationale of the dilution doctrine is that a gradual attenuation or whittling away of the value of a trademark, resulting from use by another, constitutes an invasion of the senior user's property right....
Id. § 24.13[1][b], at 24-107. To permit a competitor to derive benefit from animating another's static logo is to permit the competitor to whittle away the value or usurp the fruits of the trademark. Such is a harm Section 368-d seeks to prevent.
To summarize, because a competitor's animation of a static trademark, without the owner's permission, blurs the mark's product identification and, moreover, because such action contravenes the protective purpose behind Section 368-d, such action constitutes a per se violation of New York's anti-dilution statute. Plaintiff, therefore, has demonstrated a likelihood of success in showing that the Commercial is likely to dilute Plaintiff's trademark.
3.
Plaintiff has demonstrated a likelihood of success in showing that Defendant had the requisite predatory intent. Although the language utilized by the Second Circuit in Gillette, quoted supra, appears clear, it is nevertheless not settled law in this Circuit whether a showing of predatory intent is required for, or merely relevant to, a finding that the anti-dilution statute has been violated.20 The Gillette court quoted the language of the court in Lobo Enters., Inc. v. Tunnel, Inc., 693 F.Supp. 71, 79 (S.D.N.Y.1988), which in turn was citing Sally Gee, 699 F.2d at 625-26, to the effect that predatory intent was a requirement for a showing of likelihood  of dilution under Section 368-d.21 Continuing to trace the history of this requirement, the Sally Gee court, which, as discussed supra note 21, merely stated that predatory intent was a relevant factor in assessing a claim under Section 368-d, relied on a footnote in Information Clearing House, Inc. v. Find Magazine, 492 F.Supp. 147 (S.D.N.Y. 1980), in which Judge Weinfeld explained that
Tarnishment is a species of dilution, which itself is a part of the broader category of unfair competition. An essential element of such a claim is proof of "unfair intent," of direct competition between the parties' respective products, or of the inferior quality of defendants' product.
Id. at 162 n. 44 (citing, inter alia, G.B. Kent & Sons, Ltd. v. P. Lorillard Co., 114 F.Supp. 621, 630 (S.D.N.Y.1953) (Weinfeld, J.), aff'd per curiam, 210 F.2d 953 (2d Cir.1954)) (other citations omitted). Given this history, the predatory intent requirement may be read as a shorthand reference to the factors enumerated by Judge Weinfeld in the Kent footnote, and therefore, because Plaintiff and Defendant are indisputably competitors in the lawn tractor market, Plaintiff appears to have shown a likelihood of success as to this element of a dilution claim.
Even assuming, however, that the plain language of Gillette applies, the Gillette court described predatory intent as the "intent by [a junior user] to trade on [the senior user's] reputation." Gillette, 984 F.2d at 577 (citation omitted). That Defendant's intent from the very beginning was to elevate its own position in the marketplace by associating itself with Deere is uncontroverted.
The primary objective of the commercial is to enhance awareness/sales for Yard-Man by positioning the brand as a superior value versus more expensive brands. We believe this can be achieved via a comparison with John Deere as Yard-Man lawn tractors posses [sic] all the features of a Deere (and more in some cases) at retail prices 30%-100% less.
Mem. from David DeMuth to John Parlato, Nov. 9, 1993, DeMuth Aff.Ex. A.
B.
Plaintiff has demonstrated that it will be irreparably harmed if the requested preliminary injunctive relief is not granted. As one court has noted:
It would be anomalous to say that without relief plaintiff's marks would be diluted and then deny the existence of possible irreparable injury. Dilution is itself an injury which could not be recompensed by money damages.
American Express Co. v. Vibra Approved Lab. Corp., No. 87-CV-8840, 1989 WL 39679, at *10 (S.D.N.Y. Apr. 19, 1989). Indeed, with respect to a party asserting a dilution claim, "it is extremely unlikely that the moving party can be fully recompensed by money damages." Stern's Miracle-Gro Prods., Inc. v. Shark Prods., Inc., 823 F.Supp. 1077, 1094 (S.D.N.Y.1993). Together with the fact that Plaintiff has invested substantial sums of money in advertising campaigns featuring the Deere Logo, see supra, the foregoing discussion of the generally irreparable nature of the harm associated with dilution claims leads the Court to conclude that Plaintiff has made a sufficient showing that it will suffer irreparable harm as a result of Defendant's animation of the Deere Logo to warrant the requested preliminary injunctive relief.
IV.
For the foregoing reasons, Plaintiff's application for a preliminary injunction is granted.
Plaintiff may settle, on five days' notice to Defendant, a proposed order of preliminary injunction, together with suggestions as to the amount of the bond to be furnished.
In addition, the parties will address the Court within seven days as to the time needed  to complete discovery and to file a pretrial order.
Counsel are to retrieve exhibits from chambers.
SO ORDERED.
SUPPLEMENTAL FINDINGS OF FACT, CONCLUSIONS OF LAW, AND ORDER
On July 27, 1994, the Court issued its Findings of Fact, Conclusions of Law, and Order (the "July Order") granting the application of Plaintiff Deere & Company ("Deere") for a preliminary injunction against Defendant MTD Products, Inc. ("MTD"), on the ground that in broadcasting or causing to be broadcast the television commercial (the "Commercial") at issue, MTD violated the New York anti-dilution statute, N.Y.Gen.Bus.Law Art. 24 § 368-d (McKinney 1984). The Court affirmatively declined to reach, inter alia, the question whether the Commercial, as Plaintiff contends, violates Section 43(a) of the Lanham Act, 15 U.S.C. § 1125(a). See July Order at 13 n. 10. On August 9, 1994, the Court issued an Order (the "August Order") restraining and enjoining Defendant "from broadcasting, publishing, or distributing, or causing to be broadcast, published, or distributed, from, in, or into the State of New York" any material deemed to be in violation of the anti-dilution statute (as specified in the Order). See August Order at 2. Given that the injunctive relief granted is of a limited geographical nature, the Court now takes up the question whether the Commercial violates Section 43(a) of the Lanham Act.1 Familiarity with the facts as recited in those two prior rulings is assumed.
The standard for preliminary injunctive relief previously having been set out, see July Order at 11, and the Court having already concluded that Plaintiff will be irreparably harmed if the requested preliminary injunctive relief is not granted, see July Order at 22-23, the Court now turns to the question whether Plaintiff demonstrated a likelihood of success on the merits of its Lanham Act claim of false and misleading advertising.2 As the Second Circuit has noted:
The law governing false advertising claims under the Lanham Act is well-settled in this circuit. In order to recover damages or obtain equitable relief, a plaintiff must show that either: 1) the challenged advertisement is literally false, or 2) while the advertisement is literally true it is nevertheless likely to mislead or confuse consumers.
Where, as here, a plaintiff's theory of recovery is premised upon a claim of implied falsehood, a plaintiff must demonstrate, by extrinsic evidence, that the challenged commercial[] tend[s] to mislead or confuse consumers.
Johnson & Johnson * Merck Consumer Pharmaceuticals Co. v. Smithkline Beecham Corp., 960 F.2d 294, 297 (2d Cir.1992) (citations omitted). Such extrinsic evidence is normally constituted by a consumer survey.3 See id. at 298 ("[T]he success of a plaintiff's implied falsity claim usually turns on the persuasiveness of a consumer survey."). As the court in Johnson went on to explain:
Generally, before a court can determine the truth or falsity of an advertisement's message, it must first determine what message was actually conveyed to the viewing audience. Consumer surveys supply such information. Once the meaning to the target  audience has been determined, the court ... must then judge whether the evidence establishes that they were likely to be misled.
Id. (citations and quotation marks omitted).
Plaintiff has not shown a likelihood of success on the merits of its claim that the Commercial is misleading or confusing. Plaintiff introduced the results of a consumer survey along with the testimony of an expert who opined that the survey results revealed a high degree of confusion among viewers as to, inter alia, the source of the advertisement. Defendant did not offer a survey of its own, but did provide testimony of an expert who argued that the survey results suggested that consumers, by and large, were not confused or misled by the Commercial. Having reviewed the conflicting expert testimony as well as the survey and the survey results, the Court is not persuaded that Plaintiff's interpretation of the survey results is entitled to any more weight than that advanced by Defendant. Sufficiently serious questions as to, inter alia, the target audience, the procedures followed by the survey-takers, and the conclusions to be drawn from the answers to the questions have been raised to dissuade the Court from drawing definitive conclusions in favor of Plaintiff concerning Plaintiff's likelihood of success on the merits on the basis of the survey results at this juncture.4
SO ORDERED.


FootNotes 
1. At the close of the April 1, 1994, hearing, the Court instructed the parties to submit to the Court in writing the direct testimony of any witnesses they wished to call. See Transcript of Hearing on Application for Temporary Restraining Order, Apr. 1, 1994 ("TRO Hr'g Tr."), at 38-39. Certain exceptions to this directive later were approved by the Court. Nevertheless, the hearing consisted mainly of cross-examination, redirect, and recross of witnesses, as well as legal arguments by counsel.

2. Deere contends, moreover, that revenues from its financial services and insurance operations, which also utilize the Deere Logo, exceeded $1.1 billion in fiscal year 1993.

3. Deere has also invested an unspecified sum in advertising its parts and merchandise, such as oil and clothing items, as well as its financial and insurance services using the Deere Logo. See Nolan Aff. I at 3.

4. The Court will hereinafter refer to this altered version of the Deere Logo as the "Commercial Logo."

5. See supra for a description of how the Commercial Logo differs from the version of the Deere Logo actually found on the front of Deere's lawn tractors.

6. Plaintiff originally protested the use of this copy in the Commercial, reasoning that such a statement implied that Deere and Deere products were not also American made and American owned. Plaintiff did not press this claim with much vigor at the April 21 and 22, 1994, hearing, perhaps because Defendant presented evidence that MTD requires that the slogan "American Made American Owned" (or some version of such) appear in all its advertising and promotional material. See, e.g., DeMuth Aff. ¶ 2; Yolles Aff. ¶ 6.

7. Representative of the substantiation is a letter provided by DeMuth to NBC, in which DeMuth relies on the March/April 1994 issue of Consumer Reports to support the claim of comparable quality at a lower price. DeMuth, referring to the Consumer Reports study, suggests that the price range for Yard-Man Lawn and Garden Tractors is $1,300 to $5,000, while similar Deere models are priced at $1,999 to $8,599. Specifically, DeMuth points out that the Yard-Man D694G lawn tractor, which features a 15 horsepower engine as well as a hydrostatic transmission and a mulch kit, retails between $1,499 and $1,599, while the Deere STX38, which has a 12.5 horsepower engine, a gear drive transmission (which, apparently, is less desirable than a hydrostatic transmission), and which does not have a mulch kit, retails for a minimum of $1,999. See Letter from David DeMuth to Dorothy Busz, Mar. 10, 1994 (with an attached copy of Letter from David DeMuth to Dorothy Busz, Mar. 2, 1994, containing handwritten comments apparently made by Busz), Def.'s Ex. U; see also Def.'s Exs. V, W.

8. Nolan viewed the version of the Commercial that ran prior to the changes made in the days leading up to the April 1, 1994, hearing. See supra.

9. Moreover, as the plain language of Section 368-d indicates, a court need not find a likelihood of confusion in order to find for a plaintiff in a Section 368-d claim. See also Sally Gee v. Myra Hogan, Inc., 699 F.2d 621, 624 (2d Cir. 1983).

10. Having so concluded, the Court need not address the other claims that are contained in the Complaint and upon which Plaintiff bases its application for a preliminary injunction.

11. Clearly, though, the instant action does not involve precisely the type of "hypothetical anomalies" feared by the New York legislature, since Defendant is using a slightly altered version of the Deere Logo to refer to Deere's own products.

12. To put it more accurately, Defendant purports to use Plaintiff's own static mark, and to animate it, but in fact uses a close approximation of Plaintiff's mark in both its static and animated portrayal of that mark. See discussion supra.

13. An examination of the cases cited by Judge Sweet in evaluating the "similarity of the mark" factor in Mead brings this point into sharper focus. The cases involve either an alleged similarity in names between two products of different origin, see, e.g. McDonald's Corp. v. McBagel's, Inc., 649 F.Supp. 1268, 1281 (S.D.N.Y.1986) ("McDonald's" and "McBagel's"); Universal City Studios v. Nintendo Co., 746 F.2d 112 (2d Cir. 1984) ("King Kong" and "Donkey Kong"); Tetley, Inc. v. Topps Chewing Gum, Inc., 556 F.Supp. 785, 794 (E.D.N.Y.1983) ("Tetley" tea bags and "Petley Flea Bags"); Toys "R" Us, Inc. v. Canarsie Kiddie Shop, Inc., 559 F.Supp. 1189, 1208 (E.D.N.Y.1983) ("Toys `R' Us" and "Kids `r' Us"); Textron, Inc. v. Spi-Dell Watch & Jewelry Co., 283 F.Supp. 920 (S.D.N.Y.), aff'd in part, rev'd in part on other grounds, 406 F.2d 544 (2d Cir.1968) ("SPEIDEL" and "SPI-DELL" or "SPEI-DELL"), or similarity between a character that is a trademark and a character in a television program, see Warner Bros., Inc. v. American Broadcasting Cos., 720 F.2d 231 (2d Cir.1983) ("Superman" and title character in "The Greatest American Hero" television show). In addition, Mead — itself a dispute involving the use of the names "LEXUS" and "LEXIS" — falls in the first category of cases.

14. Neither the parties nor the Court has found any case in which an entity animated its competitor's static logo. Indeed, Plaintiff offers evidence suggesting that this simply has never before been done. See Wood Aff. ¶ 2. Defendant, for its part, argues that this case is not unique because many entities have animated their static logos. See, e.g., Def.'s Mem.Law Opp'n Mot.Prelim.Inj. at 5 (citing examples). However, there is a vast difference between the holder of a trademark animating its own static mark and a competitor animating the holder's mark without the owner's permission.

15. Although, as the foregoing discussion illustrates, the Commercial Logo incorporates changes to the Deere Logo — even apart from the animation of the Deere Logo — the analysis that follows rests not on these other changes, but on the fact that Defendant effectively animates the static Deere Logo.

16. Moreover, as Plaintiff suggests, Defendant's use of the Deere Logo is likely to blur the distinction between the Deere Logo and other deer logos used in the marketplace. See Pl.'s Reply Br.Supp.Mot.Prelim.Inj. at 7-8.

17. Because of the distinctiveness and strong secondary meaning of the Deere Logo, this sort of "reverse referentiality" seems likely.

18. That this constitutes blurring finds support in the statement, already quoted supra, that dilution occurs when
the ability of the senior user's mark to serve as a unique identifier of the plaintiff's goods or services is weakened because the relevant public now also associates that designation with a new and different source.
2 McCarthy § 24.13[1][b], at 24-107.

19. As one commentator has noted,
[i]n general, the law is that it is neither trademark infringement nor unfair competition to truthfully compare competing products in advertising, and in so doing, to identify by trademark, the competitor's goods.
Id. § 25.14, at 25-76 (citing cases).

20. If, as both the majority and concurring opinions in Mead imply, predatory intent is not a requirement for a cause of action under Section 368-d, see Mead, 875 F.2d at 1030 (listing distinctiveness and likelihood of dilution as only requirements for claim under Section 368-d); id. at 1032 (Sweet, J., concurring) (same), then the Court need not find that Plaintiff has shown a likelihood of success in showing that Defendant had predatory intent with respect to the use of the Deere Logo in the Commercial. However, because the issue is not settled, the Court will address it with respect to the instant facts.

21. The court in Gillette indicated that the language of Lobo, which the court quoted, was in turn a quotation from Sally Gee; in fact, the Lobo court was merely citing to Sally Gee for the proposition that predatory intent is an element of a dilution claim. This proposition is in itself something of a misnomer: the court in Sally Gee merely said that "the absence of predatory intent by the junior user [of a trademark] is a relevant factor in assessing a claim under the anti-dilution statute...." Sally Gee, 699 F.2d at 626 (emphasis added) (citations omitted).

1. The Court need not address the other two claims contained in the Complaint, namely that Defendant violated the common law of unfair competition and unjust enrichment, since the same considerations that led the Court to limit the injunctive relief for the violation of the New York anti-dilution statute to activities originating or having an effect within the boundaries of the State of New York likewise would apply to injunctive relief granted pursuant to these two state common law claims.

2. Although Plaintiff alleges some instances of actual falsehood, the Court, upon considering all the evidence offered and all the testimony given, concludes that Plaintiff has not shown a likelihood of success on the merits of its claim that the Commercial is literally false.

3. Plaintiff has presented evidence that one consumer was actually confused by the advertisement. The Court is not swayed by the actual confusion of a single, otherwise unidentified individual of unknown sophistication with respect to products of the type at issue in this case.

4. The court in Johnson enumerated a number of additional factors that a court may have to consider in connection with an implied falsehood claim, namely:
1) the general "commercial context" or sea of information in which consumers are immersed; 2) the defendant's intent to harness public misperception; 3) the defendant's prior advertising history; and 4) the sophistication of the advertising audience.
Id. The Johnson court explained, however, that the first, third, and fourth factors should only be considered after "plaintiff has established `that a not insubstantial number of consumers' hold the false belief allegedly communicated in the ad." Id. (quoting Coca-Cola Co. v. Tropicana Prods. Inc., 690 F.2d 312, 317 (2d Cir.1982)). The Court does not believe Plaintiff has made such a showing, but, even had the Court found otherwise, Plaintiff, as is explained more fully infra, is not likely to succeed in showing that any of the factors weighs against Defendant. Plaintiff has not advanced any arguments concerning the first and third enumerated factors. As to the sophistication of the advertising audience, the Court credits evidence suggesting that, because, inter alia, a lawn tractor is an expensive item not likely to be purchased on impulse, the target audience would be relatively sophisticated with respect to the relevant market, and not likely to be confused by the Commercial.
Turning to the question of Defendant's intent, the second enumerated factor, the court in Johnson indicated that
where a plaintiff adequately demonstrates that a defendant has intentionally set out to deceive the public, and the defendant's deliberate conduct in this regard is of an egregious nature, a presumption arises that consumers are, in fact, being deceived.
Id. at 298-99 (citation and quotation marks omitted). Plaintiff has not shown a likelihood of success of demonstrating that MTD was seeking to harness or engender public misperception or that Defendant deliberately attempted to deceive consumers. The question of harnessing public misperception should not be confused with the issue of whether, for the purposes of determining whether there is a likelihood of dilution under the New York anti-dilution statute, Defendant had predatory intent. The Court need not revisit what it previously described at length, see July Order at 20-22, and notes here that the predatory intent in the dilution context, however sinister sounding, does not require a finding of bad faith, whereas harnessing public misperception implies bad faith on the part of the "harnessor." Because Plaintiff has not shown the presence of this element here, Plaintiff is not entitled to the presumption of deception.






Comment



Your Name



Your Email



Comments

1000 Characters Remaining




Leagle.com reserves the right to edit or remove comments but is under no obligation to do so, or to explain individual moderation decisions. 

User Comments









Reply | Flag as Offensive









Listed below are the cases that are cited in this Featured Case. Click the citation to see the full text of the cited case. Citations are also linked in the body of the Featured Case. 
Cited Cases 

No Cases Found





Listed below are those cases in which this Featured Case is cited. Click on the case name to see the full text of the citing case.
Citing Cases 












 







Copyright © 2017, Leagle, Inc.



Disclaimer
 Terms of Use
Privacy Statement
About Us
Contact Us













Data Dumps  |  Freebase API (Deprecated)
       |  Google Developers
    
    
      
        Freebase API (Deprecated)
      
    
    
    All Products
  
  Sign in

  
  Send feedback
  





            Hey there! Are you maybe looking for Firebase instead?

            







    Data Dumps
  


The Freebase API will be completely shut-down on Aug 31 2016. This page provides access to the last available data dump. Read more.
Data Dumps are a downloadable version of the data in Freebase. They constitute a snapshot of the data stored in Freebase and the Schema that structures it, and are provided under the same CC-BY license. The Freebase/Wikidata mappings are provided under the CC0 license.

Freebase Triples
Freebase Deleted Triples
Freebase/Wikidata Mappings
License
Citing

Freebase Triples


This dataset contains every fact currently in Freebase.

Total triples: 1.9 billion
Updated: Weekly
Data Format: N-Triples RDF
License: CC-BY

22 GB gzip250 GB uncompressed

Download



The RDF data is serialized using the N-Triples format, encoded as UTF-8 text and compressed with Gzip.


RDF
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.date> "2001-02"^^<http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema#gYearMonth>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.source> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11x1gf2m6>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/type.object.type> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.rate> 4.5 .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage>  .


If you're writing your own code to parse the RDF dumps its often more efficient to read directly from GZip file rather than extracting the data first and then processing the uncompressed data.
<subject>  <predicate>  <object> .
Note: In Freebase, objects have MIDs that look like /m/012rkqx. In RDF those MIDs become m.012rkqx. Likewise, Freebase schema like /common/topic are written as common.topic.
The subject is the ID of a Freebase object. It can be a Freebase MID (ex. m.012rkqx) for topics and CVTs or a human-readable ID (ex. common.topic) for schema.
The predicate is always a human-readable ID for a Freebase property or a property from a standard RDF vocabulary like RDFS. Freebase foreign key namespaces are also used as predicates to make it easier to look up keys by namespace.
The object field may contain a Freebase MID for an object or a human-readable ID for schema from Freebase or other RDF vocabularies. It may also include literal values like strings, booleans and numeric values.
Topic descriptions often contain newlines. In order to make each triple fit on one line, we have escaped newlines with "\n".
Freebase Deleted Triples
We also provide a dump of triples that have been deleted from Freebase over time. This is a one-time dump through March 2013. In the future, we might consider providing periodic updates of recently deleted triples, but at the moment we have no specific timeframe for doing so, and are only providing this one-time dump. 

The dump is distributed as a .tar.gz file (2.1Gb compressed, 7.7Gb uncompressed). It contains 63,036,271 deleted triples in 20 files (there is no particular meaning to the individual files, it is just easier to manipulate several smaller files than one huge file).


Thanks to Chun How Tan and John Giannandrea for making this data release possible.




Total triples: 63 million
Updated: June 9, 2013
Data Format: CSV
License: CC-BY

2 GB gzip8 GB uncompressed

Download



The data format is essentially CSV with one important caveat. The object field may contain any characters, including commas (as well as any other reasonable delimiters you could think of). However, all the other fields are guaranteed not to contain commas, so the data can still be parsed unambiguously.

The columns in the dataset are defined as:

creation_timestamp (Unix epoch time in milliseconds)
creator
deletion_timestamp (Unix epoch time in milliseconds)
deletor
subject (MID)
predicate (MID)
object (MID/Literal)
language_code



CSV
1352854086000,/user/mwcl_wikipedia_en,1352855856000,/user/mwcl_wikipedia_en,/m/03r90,/type/object/key,/wikipedia/en/$B816,en
1355171076000,/user/mwcl_musicbrainz,1364258198000,/user/turtlewax_bot,/m/0nncp9z,/music/recording/artist,/m/01vbfm4,en
1176630380000,/user/mwcl_images,1335928144000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/029w57m,/common/image/size,/m/0kly56,en
1292854917000,/user/mwcl_musicbrainz,1364823418001,/user/mbz_pipeline_merge_bot,/m/0fv1vl8,/type/object/type,/common/topic,en
1205530905000,/user/mwcl_images,1336022041000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/01x5scz,/common/licensed_object/license,/m/02x6b,en
1302391361000,/user/content_administrator,1336190973000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/0gkb45y,/type/object/type,/type/content,en
1176728962002,/user/mwcl_images,1335954186000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/08430h,/common/topic/image,/m/02cs147,en
1172002568007,/user/mwcl_chefmoz,1283588560000,/user/delete_bot,/m/01z4c1z,/type/object/name,La Casa Rosa Mexican Restaurant,en


Freebase/Wikidata Mappings


The data has been created based on the Wikidata-Dump of October 28, 2013, and contains only those links that have at least two common Wikipedia-Links and not a single disagreeing Wikipedia-Link. Furthermore, the lines are sorted by the number of common Wikipedia-Links (although in Turtle this does not really matter).

Total triples: 2.1M
Updated: October 28, 2013
Data Format: N-Triples RDF
License: CC0

21.2 MB gzip242.9 MB uncompressed

Download



The RDF data is serialized using the N-Triples format, encoded as UTF-8 text and compressed with Gzip.


RDF
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0695j>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q6718> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.05nrg>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs7>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q538> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0jgd>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q414> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0d_23>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q2537> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.04g7d>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q315> .


License
Freebase Data Dumps are provided free of charge for any purpose with regular updates by Google. They are distributed, like Freebase itself, under the Creative Commons Attribution (aka CC-BY) and use is subject to the Terms of Service.
The Freebase/Wikidata ID mappings are provided under CC0 and can be used without restrictions.
Citing
If you'd like to cite these data dumps in a publication, you may use:

Google, Freebase Data Dumps, https://developers.google.com/freebase/data, <month> <day>, <year>

Or as BibTeX:


BibTex

@misc{freebase:datadumps,
  title = "Freebase Data Dumps"
  author = "Google",
  howpublished = "\url{https://developers.google.com/freebase/data}",
  edition = "<month> <day>, <year>",
  year = "<year>"
}




Except as otherwise noted, the content of this page is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License, and code samples are licensed under the Apache 2.0 License. For details, see our Site Policies. Java is a registered trademark of Oracle and/or its affiliates.

      
      Last updated February 10, 2017.
    




Send feedback about...
          
          This page
        
            
            Documentation feedback
          
        Freebase API (Deprecated)
        
            
            Product feedback
          
        
        Cancel
      
















John Deere (@JohnDeere) | Twitter



























Skip to content









Home
Home
Home, current page.






Moments
Moments
Moments, current page.






Search query



Search Twitter









Saved searches


Remove














In this conversation



Verified accountProtected Tweets @











    Suggested users
  







Verified accountProtected Tweets @












Verified accountProtected Tweets @




















Language: English 



 



Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
English UK
Español
Filipino
Français
Hrvatski
Italiano
Magyar
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português
Română
Slovenčina
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
Ελληνικά
Български език
Русский
Српски
Українська мова
עִבְרִית
العربية
فارسی
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
ಕನ್ನಡ
ภาษาไทย
한국어
日本語
简体中文
繁體中文




 








Have an account?  Log in


   

Have an account?










Remember me

·
Forgot password?











New to Twitter?
Sign up
                











































      John DeereVerified account



@JohnDeere












Tweets
Tweets, current page.
6,502
            



Following
Following
132



Followers
Followers
145K



Likes
Likes
650

 
 
More 







Likes






Unmute @JohnDeere

Mute @JohnDeere



Follow


    Following
  

    Unfollow
  

    Blocked
  

    Unblock
  

    Pending
  

    Cancel
  






















John DeereVerified account



@JohnDeere


Official John Deere Twitter page. Follow us for product news, exclusive content and promos. House Rules are available here: http://bit.ly/1MsE0YJ .



            Moline, IL USA

      



 
    JohnDeere.com
  




Joined January 2009












                
                2,374 Photos and videos
            

            Photos and videos
          



















Tweets


Tweets
Tweets, current page.



                  Tweets & replies
                



                  Media
                





You blocked @JohnDeere
Are you sure you want to view these Tweets? Viewing Tweets won't unblock @JohnDeere
Yes, view profile






Close




            
            John Deere followed
        

























John Deere‏Verified account @JohnDeere

16h16 hours ago






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







#NationalInternDay is about celebrating our amazing Interns! They make us proud at work & in the community! @wayuphttp://bit.ly/2tNygq0 









0 replies




6 retweets




31 likes








Reply










Retweet


6




Retweeted


6








Like


31





Liked


31










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













John Deere‏Verified account @JohnDeere

16h16 hours ago






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Optimize your operation. http://bit.ly/2tNiED9 pic.twitter.com/zlExswf88d
















0 replies




3 retweets




12 likes








Reply










Retweet


3




Retweeted


3








Like


12





Liked


12










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













John Deere‏Verified account @JohnDeere

18h18 hours ago






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







As the official equipment provider of the @PGA, we're proud to be a part of the @PGAChampionship at Quail Hollow.pic.twitter.com/LAFgB0Ms7X
















1 reply




27 retweets




84 likes








Reply


1







Retweet


27




Retweeted


27








Like


84





Liked


84










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













John Deere‏Verified account @JohnDeere

22h22 hours ago






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Happy #NationalInternDay Thank you to our Summer '17 Interns for all their hard work! @wayup #LifeAtDeere #Internhttp://bit.ly/2w37Pt4 









0 replies




5 retweets




34 likes








Reply










Retweet


5




Retweeted


5








Like


34





Liked


34










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













John Deere‏Verified account @JohnDeere

Jul 26






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







When you’re working 12-hour days under the hot Texas sun, you need equipment you can rely on. http://bit.ly/2tKAfeI pic.twitter.com/7GT39owkpQ
















0 replies




3 retweets




31 likes








Reply










Retweet


3




Retweeted


3








Like


31





Liked


31










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













John Deere‏Verified account @JohnDeere

Jul 26






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Intern Spotlight!  Hannah W. is a Mechanical Engineering student at @MissouriSandT #LifeatDeere #Intern #JDJobspic.twitter.com/I7KlKdbm7B
















0 replies




3 retweets




22 likes








Reply










Retweet


3




Retweeted


3








Like


22





Liked


22










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo










John Deere Retweeted
            







Granular‏ @GranularAg

Jul 26






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Granular is teaming up with @JohnDeere, providing real time visibility into #farm profitability! #johndeere #agtech http://ow.ly/pn5Y30dUAmV pic.twitter.com/PMfDalqRz6
















2 replies




39 retweets




55 likes








Reply


2







Retweet


39




Retweeted


39








Like


55





Liked


55










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













John Deere‏Verified account @JohnDeere

Jul 26






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet


Embed Video







Take out the guesswork with John Deere Worksight™.pic.twitter.com/lyZUaTcCrN



















0 replies




11 retweets




49 likes








Reply










Retweet


11




Retweeted


11








Like


49





Liked


49










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













John Deere‏Verified account @JohnDeere

Jul 26






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Do you know how application rates & products are affecting your harvest? You can: http://bit.ly/2eO2UJn  #spray17 #apply17pic.twitter.com/puSw5k7Ojp
















0 replies




16 retweets




42 likes








Reply










Retweet


16




Retweeted


16








Like


42





Liked


42










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













John Deere‏Verified account @JohnDeere

Jul 25






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Happy anniversary to John Deere Turf Care in Fuquay-Varina, NC. Building quality commercial mowing and golf course equipment for 20 years.pic.twitter.com/eQOsO4nnxX
















2 replies




18 retweets




92 likes








Reply


2







Retweet


18




Retweeted


18








Like


92





Liked


92










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













John Deere‏Verified account @JohnDeere

Jul 24






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet


Embed Video







Hardy Hole Drilling knows that when the drill’s not turning, they’re not earning. That’s why they trust John Deere.pic.twitter.com/3F4m2sBqDy



















0 replies




9 retweets




43 likes








Reply










Retweet


9




Retweeted


9








Like


43





Liked


43










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













John Deere‏Verified account @JohnDeere

Jul 24






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet


Embed Video







Designed by loggers for loggers. http://bit.ly/2tEvbse pic.twitter.com/3nXvlvXljw



















2 replies




8 retweets




73 likes








Reply


2







Retweet


8




Retweeted


8








Like


73





Liked


73










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













John Deere‏Verified account @JohnDeere

Jul 24






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet


Embed Video







Add a touch of the American frontier to your property by building a classic split rail fence. See how: http://bit.ly/2uPP5QQ pic.twitter.com/h0vYc0jZUg



















0 replies




3 retweets




24 likes








Reply










Retweet


3




Retweeted


3








Like


24





Liked


24










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













John Deere‏Verified account @JohnDeere

Jul 24






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Protect crop yield with our hybrid design that gives you better control of droplet size, rate & pressure. http://bit.ly/2usXXsY  #Spray17pic.twitter.com/I7Z3DQ9NC7
















0 replies




18 retweets




54 likes








Reply










Retweet


18




Retweeted


18








Like


54





Liked


54










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













John Deere‏Verified account @JohnDeere

Jul 24






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet


Embed Video







Wayne Henderson keeps #CrookedRoad music alive by giving the next generation the tools to succeed. Hear more: http://bit.ly/2uQIyF6 pic.twitter.com/vxMCY5x6hd



















1 reply




1 retweet




17 likes








Reply


1







Retweet


1




Retweeted


1








Like


17





Liked


17










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













John Deere‏Verified account @JohnDeere

Jul 21






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet


Embed Video







Royal Birkdale Golf Club busy preparing. We are proud to support the 146th Open Championship.pic.twitter.com/orwmZio4Ot



















3 replies




154 retweets




310 likes








Reply


3







Retweet


154




Retweeted


154








Like


310





Liked


310










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













John Deere‏Verified account @JohnDeere

Jul 21






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Baby on board! #DeereSighting by John K.pic.twitter.com/MGtel7IuyG
















0 replies




24 retweets




110 likes








Reply










Retweet


24




Retweeted


24








Like


110





Liked


110










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













John Deere‏Verified account @JohnDeere

Jul 21






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Data is only effective when it leads to insight & action. Take control: http://bit.ly/2uPWjVt  #precisionagpic.twitter.com/aQP416Y00M
















0 replies




17 retweets




31 likes








Reply










Retweet


17




Retweeted


17








Like


31





Liked


31










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













John Deere‏Verified account @JohnDeere

Jul 20






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Learn how a John Deere model 110 changed Ron Meloche’s life forever. http://bit.ly/2tQmjNn pic.twitter.com/JGlVcKoIpj
















0 replies




11 retweets




69 likes








Reply










Retweet


11




Retweeted


11








Like


69





Liked


69










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













John Deere‏Verified account @JohnDeere

Jul 20






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet


Embed Video







Is hard soil robbing your ground of valuable moisture? Get rid of standing water & uncover the needed nutrients: http://bit.ly/2tKvey5 pic.twitter.com/qEG5Vk5LTt



















0 replies




6 retweets




38 likes








Reply










Retweet


6




Retweeted


6








Like


38





Liked


38










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo












          @JohnDeere hasn't Tweeted yet.
      
Back to top ↑












Loading seems to be taking a while.

      Twitter may be over capacity or experiencing a momentary hiccup. Try again or visit Twitter Status for more information.
    

















      New to Twitter?
    


    Sign up now to get your own personalized timeline!
  

Sign up




You may also like
    ·
    Refresh








false












© 2017 Twitter
About
Help Center
Terms
Privacy policy
Cookies
Ads info




















Close




            
            Choose a trend location
          






















Dismiss











Close







            Previous
          







            Next
          













Close



Go to a person's profile












Saved searches


Remove














In this conversation



Verified accountProtected Tweets @











    Suggested users
  







Verified accountProtected Tweets @












Verified accountProtected Tweets @


























Close



Promote this Tweet

















Close



Block






Cancel
Block












Add a location to your Tweets

        When you tweet with a location, Twitter stores that location. 
        You can switch location on/off before each Tweet and always have the option to delete your location history.
        Learn more


Turn location on
Not now


























Close



Share Location















Results from 



Send









Close



Your lists













Close



Create a new list




List name




Description

Under 100 characters, optional



Privacy



Public · Anyone can follow this list
      


Private · Only you can access this list
      




Save list











Close
























Close



Copy link to Tweet




Here's the URL for this Tweet. Copy it to easily share with friends.












Close



Embed this Tweet
Embed this Video



Add this Tweet to your website by copying the code below. Learn more
Add this video to your website by copying the code below. Learn more




Hmm, there was a problem reaching the server. Try again?






            Include parent Tweet
          




            Include media
          




By embedding Twitter content in your website or app, you are agreeing to the Twitter Developer Agreement and Developer Policy.
Preview












Close



Why you're seeing this ad
















Close



Log in to Twitter
















Remember me

·
Forgot password?












        Don't have an account? Sign up »









Close



Sign up for Twitter





Not on Twitter? Sign up, tune into the things you care about, and get updates as they happen.


Sign up




        Have an account? Log in »









Close



Two-way (sending and receiving) short codes:





Country
Code
For customers of




United States
40404
(any)


Canada
21212
(any)


United Kingdom
86444
Vodafone, Orange, 3, O2


Brazil
40404
Nextel, TIM


Haiti
40404
Digicel, Voila


Ireland
51210
Vodafone, O2


India
53000
Bharti Airtel, Videocon, Reliance


Indonesia
89887
AXIS, 3, Telkomsel, Indosat, XL Axiata


Italy
4880804
Wind


3424486444
Vodafone





        » See SMS short codes for other countries













Close



Confirmation



















Close



 
















Close














            Skip all
          




    Welcome home!
  
This timeline is where you’ll spend most of your time, getting instant updates about what matters to you.




    Tweets not working for you?
  

    Hover over the profile pic and click the Following button to unfollow any account.
  




    Say a lot with a little
  

    When you see a Tweet you love, tap the heart — it lets  the person who wrote it know you shared the love.
  




    Spread the word
  

    The fastest way to share someone else’s Tweet with your followers is with a Retweet. Tap the icon to send it instantly.
  




    Join the conversation
  

    Add your thoughts about any Tweet with a Reply. Find a topic you’re passionate about, and jump right in.
  




    Learn the latest
  

    Get instant insight into what people are talking about now.
  




    Get more of what you love
  

    Follow more accounts to get instant updates about topics you care about.
  




    Find what's happening
  

    See the latest conversations about any topic instantly.
  




    Never miss a Moment
  

    Catch up instantly on the best stories happening as they unfold.
  



Back
Next














Next Tweet from user



























	John Deere US | Products & Services Information






















































Back

 Equipment 
 Finance 
 Parts & Service 
 Contact a Dealer 
 MyJohnDeere 











 Contact a Dealer 
 MyJohnDeere 


 Lawn & Garden 
 Agriculture 
 Construction 
 Landscaping & Grounds Care 
 Golf & Sports Turf 
 Forestry 
 Engines & Drivetrains 
 Government & Military Sales 
 Rental Sales 

 View All Equipment 
 View Used Equipment 


 Financing 
 Offers & Discounts 


 Parts 
 Manuals & Training 
 Warranty & Protection Plans 
 StellarSupport™ 
 Recalls 
 Safety 



Lawn & Garden



MOWERS
 Lawn Tractors 
 Residential ZTrak™ Zero-Turn Mowers 
 Riding Mower Attachments & Accessories 


UTILITY VEHICLES
 Gator™ Utility Vehicles 
 Gator™ UV Attachments 


TRACTORS
 Compact Utility Tractors (22.4 - 66 Engine HP) 
 Attachments & Implements 


TOOLS
 Home & Workshop Products 





Agriculture



TRACTORS & LOADERS
 4WD and Track Tractors (370-620 Engine HP) 
 Row Crop Tractors (140-400 Engine HP) 
 Specialty Tractors (75-155 Engine HP) 
 Utility Tractors (22.4-140 Engine HP) 
 Utility Tractor Attachments & Implements 
 Front End Loaders 
 Scraper Systems 


TOOLS & USED EQUIPMENT
 Loaders 
 Home & Workshop Products 
 Used Equipment 


CROP CARE
 Application Equipment 
 Cutters & Shredders 
 Harvesting Equipment 
 Hay & Forage Equipment 
 Planting Equipment 
 Precision Ag Technology 
 Seeding Equipment 
 Sprayers 
 Tillage Equipment 


UTILITY VEHICLES
 Gator™ Utility Vehicles 
 Gator™ UV Attachments 





Construction



 Articulated Dump Trucks 
 Backhoes 
 Compact Track Loaders 
 Crawler Loaders 
 Dozers 
 Excavators 
 Motor Graders 
 Scraper Systems 
 Skid Steers 
 Tractor Loaders 
 Wheel Loaders 
 Construction Technology Solutions 
 Construction Attachments 
 Used Construction Equipment 





Landscaping & Grounds Care



MOWERS & TRACTORS
 Commercial Mowers 
 Cutters & Shredders 
 Front-End Loaders for Tractors 
 Specialty Tractors (75-155 Engine HP) 
 Utility Tractors (22.4-140 Engine HP) 
 Utility Tractor Attachments & Implements 


TOOLS & ATTACHMENTS
 Home & Workshop Products 
 Loaders 
 Attachments & Implements 


WORKSITE EQUIPMENT
 Backhoes 
 Compact Track Loaders 
 Excavators 
 Skid Steers 
 Wheel Loaders 
 Worksite Equipment Attachments 


UTILITY VEHICLES
 Gator™ Utility Vehicles 
 Gator™ UV Attachments 





Golf & Sports Turf



GOLF COURSE EQUIPMENT
 Aeration Equipment 
 Bunker Rakes 
 Fairway Mowers 
 Riding Greens Mowers 
 Rough, Trim & Surround Mowers 
 Walk Greens Mowers 


SPORTS TURF EQUIPMENT
 Aeration Equipment 
 Field Rakes 
 Reel Mowers 


ALL PURPOSE EQUIPMENT
 Commercial Mowers 
 Gator™ Utility Vehicles 
 Gator™ Utility Vehicles Attachments & Accessories 
 Utility Tractors (22.4-140 Engine HP) 
 Utility Tractors Attachments & Implements 
 Home & Workshop Products 





Forestry



 Tracked Feller Bunchers 
 Wheeled Feller Bunchers 
 Forwarders 
 Wheeled Harvesters 
 Tracked Harvesters 
 Knuckleboom Loaders 
 Skidders 
 Swing Machines 
 Forestry Technology Solutions 
 Forestry Attachments 
 Used Forestry Equipment 





Engines & Drivetrains



INDUSTRIAL DIESEL ENGINES
 Final Tier 4 / Stage IV 
 Interim Tier 4 / Stage III 
 Tier 3/Stage III 
 Tier 2 and Lesser Regulated 


MARINE ENGINES
 Commercial/Workboat 
 Recreational/Pleasure Craft 


GENERATOR DRIVE ENGINES
 Standby/Stationary 
 Prime/Portable 


DRIVETRAIN EQUIPMENT
 Pump Drives 
 Transmissions 
 Axles 
 Planetary Gear Drives 
 Vehicle Electrification 





Government & Military Sales



TRACTORS & MOWERS
 Lawn Tractors 
 Utility Tractors (22.4-140 Engine HP) 
 Specialty Tractors (75-155 Engine HP) 
 Residential ZTrak™ Zero-Turn Mowers 
 Commercial Mowers 


CONSTRUCTION
 Articulated Dump Trucks 
 Backhoes 
 Compact Track Loaders 
 Crawler Loaders 
 Excavators 
 Dozers 
 Skid Steers 
 Motor Graders 
 Wheel Loaders 


UTILITY VEHICLES & ACCESSORIES
 Gator™ Utility Vehicles 
 Gator™ Utility Vehicles Attachments & Accessories 


ATTACHMENTS & ACCESSORIES
 Attachments, Accessories & Implements 
 Home & Workshop Products 
 Cutters & Shredders 
 Front-End Loaders for Tractors 


PURCHASING
 State & Local 
 Cooperative 
 Non-Governmental Organizations 
 Federal & Military 





Rental Sales



 Backhoes 
 Compact Track Loaders 
 Dozers 
 Excavators 
 Gator™ Utility Vehicles 
 Motor Graders 
 Skid Steers 
 Tractor Loaders 
 Utility Tractors (22.4 – 140 Engine HP) 
 Wheel Loaders 
 Construction Attachments 





View All Equipment



 Articulated Dump Trucks 
 Application Equipment 
 Attachments, Accessories & Implements 
 Backhoes 
 Cutters & Shredders 
 Dozers 
 Engines 
 Excavators 
 Forwarders 
 Gator™ Utility Vehicles 
 Hay & Forage 
 Harvesting 
 Home & Workshop Products 
 Loaders 
 Motor Graders 
 Mowers 
 Planting Equipment 
 Precision Ag Technology 
 Scraper Systems 
 Seeding Equipment 
 Skidders 
 Sprayers 
 Swing Machines 
 Tillage 
 Tractors 





View Used Equipment







Financing



 Account Management 
 Application 
 Equipment Loans 
 Equipment Leasing 
 Multi-Use Account 
 Revolving Plan Account 
 PowerPlan Account 
 Frequently Asked Questions 
 Contact John Deere Financial 





Offers & Discounts





Parts



 Agricultural Parts 
 Lawn & Garden Parts 
 Commercial Mowing Parts 
 Golf & Sports Turf Parts 
 Engine Parts 
 Construction Parts 
 Remanufactured Parts & Components 
 All Makes Parts 
 Maintenance Parts 





Manuals & Training



 Quick Reference Guides 
 Training & Safety Videos 
 Simulators 





Warranty & Protection Plans



 Extended Warranties 
 Warranty Statements 
 Warranty Registration 
 Migrating Machine Policy 
 PowerGard™ Maintenance Plans 
 UltraGard™ Physical Damage 





StellarSupport™



 Product Activation 
 Software Updates 
 Training 
 Download Center 
 Tools & Calculators 
 Answer Center 
 AMS Forums 
 Contact Us 
 Dealer Corner 





Recalls





Safety







 






Providing for the Future, Together








Agriculture

Lawn & Garden

Construction

Landscaping & Grounds Care

Golf & Sports Turf

Forestry

Engines & Drivetrain

Government & Military Sales

Rental Sales








Deere Days of Summer Sales EventTake a closer look   



Quick Tools

Build Your Own
Locate a Dealer
Order Parts
Find Manuals
Find Used Equipment












The Silicon Prairie   Get the inside story on cutting edge tech down on the farm    


Imagery Comes Of Age   Read more in The Furrow    


Machine Health Monitoring   The data revolution is upon us    









                                    ... 








  








 







Mowers | John Deere US































































Back

 Equipment 
 Finance 
 Parts & Service 
 Contact a Dealer 
 MyJohnDeere 











 Contact a Dealer 
 MyJohnDeere 


 Lawn & Garden 
 Agriculture 
 Construction 
 Landscaping & Grounds Care 
 Golf & Sports Turf 
 Forestry 
 Engines & Drivetrains 
 Government & Military Sales 
 Rental Sales 

 View All Equipment 
 View Used Equipment 


 Financing 
 Offers & Discounts 


 Parts 
 Manuals & Training 
 Warranty & Protection Plans 
 StellarSupport™ 
 Recalls 
 Safety 



Lawn & Garden



MOWERS
 Lawn Tractors 
 Residential ZTrak™ Zero-Turn Mowers 
 Riding Mower Attachments & Accessories 


UTILITY VEHICLES
 Gator™ Utility Vehicles 
 Gator™ UV Attachments 


TRACTORS
 Compact Utility Tractors (22.4 - 66 Engine HP) 
 Attachments & Implements 


TOOLS
 Home & Workshop Products 





Agriculture



TRACTORS & LOADERS
 4WD and Track Tractors (370-620 Engine HP) 
 Row Crop Tractors (140-400 Engine HP) 
 Specialty Tractors (75-155 Engine HP) 
 Utility Tractors (22.4-140 Engine HP) 
 Utility Tractor Attachments & Implements 
 Front End Loaders 
 Scraper Systems 


TOOLS & USED EQUIPMENT
 Loaders 
 Home & Workshop Products 
 Used Equipment 


CROP CARE
 Application Equipment 
 Cutters & Shredders 
 Harvesting Equipment 
 Hay & Forage Equipment 
 Planting Equipment 
 Precision Ag Technology 
 Seeding Equipment 
 Sprayers 
 Tillage Equipment 


UTILITY VEHICLES
 Gator™ Utility Vehicles 
 Gator™ UV Attachments 





Construction



 Articulated Dump Trucks 
 Backhoes 
 Compact Track Loaders 
 Crawler Loaders 
 Dozers 
 Excavators 
 Motor Graders 
 Scraper Systems 
 Skid Steers 
 Tractor Loaders 
 Wheel Loaders 
 Construction Technology Solutions 
 Construction Attachments 
 Used Construction Equipment 





Landscaping & Grounds Care



MOWERS & TRACTORS
 Commercial Mowers 
 Cutters & Shredders 
 Front-End Loaders for Tractors 
 Specialty Tractors (75-155 Engine HP) 
 Utility Tractors (22.4-140 Engine HP) 
 Utility Tractor Attachments & Implements 


TOOLS & ATTACHMENTS
 Home & Workshop Products 
 Loaders 
 Attachments & Implements 


WORKSITE EQUIPMENT
 Backhoes 
 Compact Track Loaders 
 Excavators 
 Skid Steers 
 Wheel Loaders 
 Worksite Equipment Attachments 


UTILITY VEHICLES
 Gator™ Utility Vehicles 
 Gator™ UV Attachments 





Golf & Sports Turf



GOLF COURSE EQUIPMENT
 Aeration Equipment 
 Bunker Rakes 
 Fairway Mowers 
 Riding Greens Mowers 
 Rough, Trim & Surround Mowers 
 Walk Greens Mowers 


SPORTS TURF EQUIPMENT
 Aeration Equipment 
 Field Rakes 
 Reel Mowers 


ALL PURPOSE EQUIPMENT
 Commercial Mowers 
 Gator™ Utility Vehicles 
 Gator™ Utility Vehicles Attachments & Accessories 
 Utility Tractors (22.4-140 Engine HP) 
 Utility Tractors Attachments & Implements 
 Home & Workshop Products 





Forestry



 Tracked Feller Bunchers 
 Wheeled Feller Bunchers 
 Forwarders 
 Wheeled Harvesters 
 Tracked Harvesters 
 Knuckleboom Loaders 
 Skidders 
 Swing Machines 
 Forestry Technology Solutions 
 Forestry Attachments 
 Used Forestry Equipment 





Engines & Drivetrains



INDUSTRIAL DIESEL ENGINES
 Final Tier 4 / Stage IV 
 Interim Tier 4 / Stage III 
 Tier 3/Stage III 
 Tier 2 and Lesser Regulated 


MARINE ENGINES
 Commercial/Workboat 
 Recreational/Pleasure Craft 


GENERATOR DRIVE ENGINES
 Standby/Stationary 
 Prime/Portable 


DRIVETRAIN EQUIPMENT
 Pump Drives 
 Transmissions 
 Axles 
 Planetary Gear Drives 
 Vehicle Electrification 





Government & Military Sales



TRACTORS & MOWERS
 Lawn Tractors 
 Utility Tractors (22.4-140 Engine HP) 
 Specialty Tractors (75-155 Engine HP) 
 Residential ZTrak™ Zero-Turn Mowers 
 Commercial Mowers 


CONSTRUCTION
 Articulated Dump Trucks 
 Backhoes 
 Compact Track Loaders 
 Crawler Loaders 
 Excavators 
 Dozers 
 Skid Steers 
 Motor Graders 
 Wheel Loaders 


UTILITY VEHICLES & ACCESSORIES
 Gator™ Utility Vehicles 
 Gator™ Utility Vehicles Attachments & Accessories 


ATTACHMENTS & ACCESSORIES
 Attachments, Accessories & Implements 
 Home & Workshop Products 
 Cutters & Shredders 
 Front-End Loaders for Tractors 


PURCHASING
 State & Local 
 Cooperative 
 Non-Governmental Organizations 
 Federal & Military 





Rental Sales



 Backhoes 
 Compact Track Loaders 
 Dozers 
 Excavators 
 Gator™ Utility Vehicles 
 Motor Graders 
 Skid Steers 
 Tractor Loaders 
 Utility Tractors (22.4 – 140 Engine HP) 
 Wheel Loaders 
 Construction Attachments 





View All Equipment



 Articulated Dump Trucks 
 Application Equipment 
 Attachments, Accessories & Implements 
 Backhoes 
 Cutters & Shredders 
 Dozers 
 Engines 
 Excavators 
 Forwarders 
 Gator™ Utility Vehicles 
 Hay & Forage 
 Harvesting 
 Home & Workshop Products 
 Loaders 
 Motor Graders 
 Mowers 
 Planting Equipment 
 Precision Ag Technology 
 Scraper Systems 
 Seeding Equipment 
 Skidders 
 Sprayers 
 Swing Machines 
 Tillage 
 Tractors 





View Used Equipment







Financing



 Account Management 
 Application 
 Equipment Loans 
 Equipment Leasing 
 Multi-Use Account 
 Revolving Plan Account 
 PowerPlan Account 
 Frequently Asked Questions 
 Contact John Deere Financial 





Offers & Discounts





Parts



 Agricultural Parts 
 Lawn & Garden Parts 
 Commercial Mowing Parts 
 Golf & Sports Turf Parts 
 Engine Parts 
 Construction Parts 
 Remanufactured Parts & Components 
 All Makes Parts 
 Maintenance Parts 





Manuals & Training



 Quick Reference Guides 
 Training & Safety Videos 
 Simulators 





Warranty & Protection Plans



 Extended Warranties 
 Warranty Statements 
 Warranty Registration 
 Migrating Machine Policy 
 PowerGard™ Maintenance Plans 
 UltraGard™ Physical Damage 





StellarSupport™



 Product Activation 
 Software Updates 
 Training 
 Download Center 
 Tools & Calculators 
 Answer Center 
 AMS Forums 
 Contact Us 
 Dealer Corner 





Recalls





Safety







 

Mowers














Lawn Tractors & Riding Mowers
You're at the right place for tough, intelligently-designed, precision riding lawn mowers and tractors. The lineup inlculdes residential zero-turn-radius mowers as well as the traditional riding lawn tractors.

Get more details on Lawn Tractors
Get more details on Residential ZTrak™ Mowers













Commercial Mowers
You've got places to be, lawns to mow, jobs to finish. We're in the business of supporting your business with a full line of commercial mowering equipment that we believe can handle any need you have.

Get the details on Commercial Mowing Products





Other John Deere Mowers














Golf Mowers
With greens to maintain and fairways to cut, John Deere Golf has a full-line of mowers designed specifically for your course.

Get the details on Golf Mowers













Sports Turf Mowers
Take care of your turf and your common areas with an array of John Deere mowers, providing the perfect cut for your fields.

Get the details on Sports Turf Mowers













Shop and Buy

Build Your Own
Buy Online
Buy Parts
Contact a Dealer
John Deere Financial






Product Brochures

Riding Lawn Tractors
X700 Signature Series Tractors
Residential ZTrak™ Zero-Turn-Radius Mowers
The Workbook






You May Also Be Interested In

Product Safety
Explore Answer Center
View California Products













                                    ... 








  








 







	John Deere US | Products & Services Information






















































Back

 Equipment 
 Finance 
 Parts & Service 
 Contact a Dealer 
 MyJohnDeere 











 Contact a Dealer 
 MyJohnDeere 


 Lawn & Garden 
 Agriculture 
 Construction 
 Landscaping & Grounds Care 
 Golf & Sports Turf 
 Forestry 
 Engines & Drivetrains 
 Government & Military Sales 
 Rental Sales 

 View All Equipment 
 View Used Equipment 


 Financing 
 Offers & Discounts 


 Parts 
 Manuals & Training 
 Warranty & Protection Plans 
 StellarSupport™ 
 Recalls 
 Safety 



Lawn & Garden



MOWERS
 Lawn Tractors 
 Residential ZTrak™ Zero-Turn Mowers 
 Riding Mower Attachments & Accessories 


UTILITY VEHICLES
 Gator™ Utility Vehicles 
 Gator™ UV Attachments 


TRACTORS
 Compact Utility Tractors (22.4 - 66 Engine HP) 
 Attachments & Implements 


TOOLS
 Home & Workshop Products 





Agriculture



TRACTORS & LOADERS
 4WD and Track Tractors (370-620 Engine HP) 
 Row Crop Tractors (140-400 Engine HP) 
 Specialty Tractors (75-155 Engine HP) 
 Utility Tractors (22.4-140 Engine HP) 
 Utility Tractor Attachments & Implements 
 Front End Loaders 
 Scraper Systems 


TOOLS & USED EQUIPMENT
 Loaders 
 Home & Workshop Products 
 Used Equipment 


CROP CARE
 Application Equipment 
 Cutters & Shredders 
 Harvesting Equipment 
 Hay & Forage Equipment 
 Planting Equipment 
 Precision Ag Technology 
 Seeding Equipment 
 Sprayers 
 Tillage Equipment 


UTILITY VEHICLES
 Gator™ Utility Vehicles 
 Gator™ UV Attachments 





Construction



 Articulated Dump Trucks 
 Backhoes 
 Compact Track Loaders 
 Crawler Loaders 
 Dozers 
 Excavators 
 Motor Graders 
 Scraper Systems 
 Skid Steers 
 Tractor Loaders 
 Wheel Loaders 
 Construction Technology Solutions 
 Construction Attachments 
 Used Construction Equipment 





Landscaping & Grounds Care



MOWERS & TRACTORS
 Commercial Mowers 
 Cutters & Shredders 
 Front-End Loaders for Tractors 
 Specialty Tractors (75-155 Engine HP) 
 Utility Tractors (22.4-140 Engine HP) 
 Utility Tractor Attachments & Implements 


TOOLS & ATTACHMENTS
 Home & Workshop Products 
 Loaders 
 Attachments & Implements 


WORKSITE EQUIPMENT
 Backhoes 
 Compact Track Loaders 
 Excavators 
 Skid Steers 
 Wheel Loaders 
 Worksite Equipment Attachments 


UTILITY VEHICLES
 Gator™ Utility Vehicles 
 Gator™ UV Attachments 





Golf & Sports Turf



GOLF COURSE EQUIPMENT
 Aeration Equipment 
 Bunker Rakes 
 Fairway Mowers 
 Riding Greens Mowers 
 Rough, Trim & Surround Mowers 
 Walk Greens Mowers 


SPORTS TURF EQUIPMENT
 Aeration Equipment 
 Field Rakes 
 Reel Mowers 


ALL PURPOSE EQUIPMENT
 Commercial Mowers 
 Gator™ Utility Vehicles 
 Gator™ Utility Vehicles Attachments & Accessories 
 Utility Tractors (22.4-140 Engine HP) 
 Utility Tractors Attachments & Implements 
 Home & Workshop Products 





Forestry



 Tracked Feller Bunchers 
 Wheeled Feller Bunchers 
 Forwarders 
 Wheeled Harvesters 
 Tracked Harvesters 
 Knuckleboom Loaders 
 Skidders 
 Swing Machines 
 Forestry Technology Solutions 
 Forestry Attachments 
 Used Forestry Equipment 





Engines & Drivetrains



INDUSTRIAL DIESEL ENGINES
 Final Tier 4 / Stage IV 
 Interim Tier 4 / Stage III 
 Tier 3/Stage III 
 Tier 2 and Lesser Regulated 


MARINE ENGINES
 Commercial/Workboat 
 Recreational/Pleasure Craft 


GENERATOR DRIVE ENGINES
 Standby/Stationary 
 Prime/Portable 


DRIVETRAIN EQUIPMENT
 Pump Drives 
 Transmissions 
 Axles 
 Planetary Gear Drives 
 Vehicle Electrification 





Government & Military Sales



TRACTORS & MOWERS
 Lawn Tractors 
 Utility Tractors (22.4-140 Engine HP) 
 Specialty Tractors (75-155 Engine HP) 
 Residential ZTrak™ Zero-Turn Mowers 
 Commercial Mowers 


CONSTRUCTION
 Articulated Dump Trucks 
 Backhoes 
 Compact Track Loaders 
 Crawler Loaders 
 Excavators 
 Dozers 
 Skid Steers 
 Motor Graders 
 Wheel Loaders 


UTILITY VEHICLES & ACCESSORIES
 Gator™ Utility Vehicles 
 Gator™ Utility Vehicles Attachments & Accessories 


ATTACHMENTS & ACCESSORIES
 Attachments, Accessories & Implements 
 Home & Workshop Products 
 Cutters & Shredders 
 Front-End Loaders for Tractors 


PURCHASING
 State & Local 
 Cooperative 
 Non-Governmental Organizations 
 Federal & Military 





Rental Sales



 Backhoes 
 Compact Track Loaders 
 Dozers 
 Excavators 
 Gator™ Utility Vehicles 
 Motor Graders 
 Skid Steers 
 Tractor Loaders 
 Utility Tractors (22.4 – 140 Engine HP) 
 Wheel Loaders 
 Construction Attachments 





View All Equipment



 Articulated Dump Trucks 
 Application Equipment 
 Attachments, Accessories & Implements 
 Backhoes 
 Cutters & Shredders 
 Dozers 
 Engines 
 Excavators 
 Forwarders 
 Gator™ Utility Vehicles 
 Hay & Forage 
 Harvesting 
 Home & Workshop Products 
 Loaders 
 Motor Graders 
 Mowers 
 Planting Equipment 
 Precision Ag Technology 
 Scraper Systems 
 Seeding Equipment 
 Skidders 
 Sprayers 
 Swing Machines 
 Tillage 
 Tractors 





View Used Equipment







Financing



 Account Management 
 Application 
 Equipment Loans 
 Equipment Leasing 
 Multi-Use Account 
 Revolving Plan Account 
 PowerPlan Account 
 Frequently Asked Questions 
 Contact John Deere Financial 





Offers & Discounts





Parts



 Agricultural Parts 
 Lawn & Garden Parts 
 Commercial Mowing Parts 
 Golf & Sports Turf Parts 
 Engine Parts 
 Construction Parts 
 Remanufactured Parts & Components 
 All Makes Parts 
 Maintenance Parts 





Manuals & Training



 Quick Reference Guides 
 Training & Safety Videos 
 Simulators 





Warranty & Protection Plans



 Extended Warranties 
 Warranty Statements 
 Warranty Registration 
 Migrating Machine Policy 
 PowerGard™ Maintenance Plans 
 UltraGard™ Physical Damage 





StellarSupport™



 Product Activation 
 Software Updates 
 Training 
 Download Center 
 Tools & Calculators 
 Answer Center 
 AMS Forums 
 Contact Us 
 Dealer Corner 





Recalls





Safety







 






Providing for the Future, Together








Agriculture

Lawn & Garden

Construction

Landscaping & Grounds Care

Golf & Sports Turf

Forestry

Engines & Drivetrain

Government & Military Sales

Rental Sales








Deere Days of Summer Sales EventTake a closer look   



Quick Tools

Build Your Own
Locate a Dealer
Order Parts
Find Manuals
Find Used Equipment












The Silicon Prairie   Get the inside story on cutting edge tech down on the farm    


Imagery Comes Of Age   Read more in The Furrow    


Machine Health Monitoring   The data revolution is upon us    









                                    ... 








  








 







Tractors | John Deere US






























































Back

 Equipment 
 Finance 
 Parts & Service 
 Contact a Dealer 
 MyJohnDeere 











 Contact a Dealer 
 MyJohnDeere 


 Lawn & Garden 
 Agriculture 
 Construction 
 Landscaping & Grounds Care 
 Golf & Sports Turf 
 Forestry 
 Engines & Drivetrains 
 Government & Military Sales 
 Rental Sales 

 View All Equipment 
 View Used Equipment 


 Financing 
 Offers & Discounts 


 Parts 
 Manuals & Training 
 Warranty & Protection Plans 
 StellarSupport™ 
 Recalls 
 Safety 



Lawn & Garden



MOWERS
 Lawn Tractors 
 Residential ZTrak™ Zero-Turn Mowers 
 Riding Mower Attachments & Accessories 


UTILITY VEHICLES
 Gator™ Utility Vehicles 
 Gator™ UV Attachments 


TRACTORS
 Compact Utility Tractors (22.4 - 66 Engine HP) 
 Attachments & Implements 


TOOLS
 Home & Workshop Products 





Agriculture



TRACTORS & LOADERS
 4WD and Track Tractors (370-620 Engine HP) 
 Row Crop Tractors (140-400 Engine HP) 
 Specialty Tractors (75-155 Engine HP) 
 Utility Tractors (22.4-140 Engine HP) 
 Utility Tractor Attachments & Implements 
 Front End Loaders 
 Scraper Systems 


TOOLS & USED EQUIPMENT
 Loaders 
 Home & Workshop Products 
 Used Equipment 


CROP CARE
 Application Equipment 
 Cutters & Shredders 
 Harvesting Equipment 
 Hay & Forage Equipment 
 Planting Equipment 
 Precision Ag Technology 
 Seeding Equipment 
 Sprayers 
 Tillage Equipment 


UTILITY VEHICLES
 Gator™ Utility Vehicles 
 Gator™ UV Attachments 





Construction



 Articulated Dump Trucks 
 Backhoes 
 Compact Track Loaders 
 Crawler Loaders 
 Dozers 
 Excavators 
 Motor Graders 
 Scraper Systems 
 Skid Steers 
 Tractor Loaders 
 Wheel Loaders 
 Construction Technology Solutions 
 Construction Attachments 
 Used Construction Equipment 





Landscaping & Grounds Care



MOWERS & TRACTORS
 Commercial Mowers 
 Cutters & Shredders 
 Front-End Loaders for Tractors 
 Specialty Tractors (75-155 Engine HP) 
 Utility Tractors (22.4-140 Engine HP) 
 Utility Tractor Attachments & Implements 


TOOLS & ATTACHMENTS
 Home & Workshop Products 
 Loaders 
 Attachments & Implements 


WORKSITE EQUIPMENT
 Backhoes 
 Compact Track Loaders 
 Excavators 
 Skid Steers 
 Wheel Loaders 
 Worksite Equipment Attachments 


UTILITY VEHICLES
 Gator™ Utility Vehicles 
 Gator™ UV Attachments 





Golf & Sports Turf



GOLF COURSE EQUIPMENT
 Aeration Equipment 
 Bunker Rakes 
 Fairway Mowers 
 Riding Greens Mowers 
 Rough, Trim & Surround Mowers 
 Walk Greens Mowers 


SPORTS TURF EQUIPMENT
 Aeration Equipment 
 Field Rakes 
 Reel Mowers 


ALL PURPOSE EQUIPMENT
 Commercial Mowers 
 Gator™ Utility Vehicles 
 Gator™ Utility Vehicles Attachments & Accessories 
 Utility Tractors (22.4-140 Engine HP) 
 Utility Tractors Attachments & Implements 
 Home & Workshop Products 





Forestry



 Tracked Feller Bunchers 
 Wheeled Feller Bunchers 
 Forwarders 
 Wheeled Harvesters 
 Tracked Harvesters 
 Knuckleboom Loaders 
 Skidders 
 Swing Machines 
 Forestry Technology Solutions 
 Forestry Attachments 
 Used Forestry Equipment 





Engines & Drivetrains



INDUSTRIAL DIESEL ENGINES
 Final Tier 4 / Stage IV 
 Interim Tier 4 / Stage III 
 Tier 3/Stage III 
 Tier 2 and Lesser Regulated 


MARINE ENGINES
 Commercial/Workboat 
 Recreational/Pleasure Craft 


GENERATOR DRIVE ENGINES
 Standby/Stationary 
 Prime/Portable 


DRIVETRAIN EQUIPMENT
 Pump Drives 
 Transmissions 
 Axles 
 Planetary Gear Drives 
 Vehicle Electrification 





Government & Military Sales



TRACTORS & MOWERS
 Lawn Tractors 
 Utility Tractors (22.4-140 Engine HP) 
 Specialty Tractors (75-155 Engine HP) 
 Residential ZTrak™ Zero-Turn Mowers 
 Commercial Mowers 


CONSTRUCTION
 Articulated Dump Trucks 
 Backhoes 
 Compact Track Loaders 
 Crawler Loaders 
 Excavators 
 Dozers 
 Skid Steers 
 Motor Graders 
 Wheel Loaders 


UTILITY VEHICLES & ACCESSORIES
 Gator™ Utility Vehicles 
 Gator™ Utility Vehicles Attachments & Accessories 


ATTACHMENTS & ACCESSORIES
 Attachments, Accessories & Implements 
 Home & Workshop Products 
 Cutters & Shredders 
 Front-End Loaders for Tractors 


PURCHASING
 State & Local 
 Cooperative 
 Non-Governmental Organizations 
 Federal & Military 





Rental Sales



 Backhoes 
 Compact Track Loaders 
 Dozers 
 Excavators 
 Gator™ Utility Vehicles 
 Motor Graders 
 Skid Steers 
 Tractor Loaders 
 Utility Tractors (22.4 – 140 Engine HP) 
 Wheel Loaders 
 Construction Attachments 





View All Equipment



 Articulated Dump Trucks 
 Application Equipment 
 Attachments, Accessories & Implements 
 Backhoes 
 Cutters & Shredders 
 Dozers 
 Engines 
 Excavators 
 Forwarders 
 Gator™ Utility Vehicles 
 Hay & Forage 
 Harvesting 
 Home & Workshop Products 
 Loaders 
 Motor Graders 
 Mowers 
 Planting Equipment 
 Precision Ag Technology 
 Scraper Systems 
 Seeding Equipment 
 Skidders 
 Sprayers 
 Swing Machines 
 Tillage 
 Tractors 





View Used Equipment







Financing



 Account Management 
 Application 
 Equipment Loans 
 Equipment Leasing 
 Multi-Use Account 
 Revolving Plan Account 
 PowerPlan Account 
 Frequently Asked Questions 
 Contact John Deere Financial 





Offers & Discounts





Parts



 Agricultural Parts 
 Lawn & Garden Parts 
 Commercial Mowing Parts 
 Golf & Sports Turf Parts 
 Engine Parts 
 Construction Parts 
 Remanufactured Parts & Components 
 All Makes Parts 
 Maintenance Parts 





Manuals & Training



 Quick Reference Guides 
 Training & Safety Videos 
 Simulators 





Warranty & Protection Plans



 Extended Warranties 
 Warranty Statements 
 Warranty Registration 
 Migrating Machine Policy 
 PowerGard™ Maintenance Plans 
 UltraGard™ Physical Damage 





StellarSupport™



 Product Activation 
 Software Updates 
 Training 
 Download Center 
 Tools & Calculators 
 Answer Center 
 AMS Forums 
 Contact Us 
 Dealer Corner 





Recalls





Safety







 

Tractors












Utility Tractors 
John Deere utility tractors are built to give you the best performance while saving you money on fuel and maintenance. Designed to perform in the harshest conditions, John Deere tractors always show up ready to handle any task you give them.
View the Utility Tractors 










Specialty Tractors 
John Deere Specialty Tractors come with all the features, power and performance you want in a utility tractor ... in a size that’s just right for the specialty crops you grow.
View the Specialty Tractors 















Row Crop Tractors (140 to 370 Engine HP)
Versatile, powerful and efficient, John Deere Row-Crop Tractors have an engine horsepower range from 140 to 400. These tractors make your work easier and faster.
View the Row Crop Tractors 










4WD/Track Tractors (370 to 620 Engine HP)
The 9 Family makes John Deere the only manufacturer to offer all three machine forms to fit any application with the 9R, 9RT, and 9RX Series Tractors.
View the 4WD/Track Tractors 





Select, Build & Price
















Need Help Selecting?
Find the equipment that best meets your needs.
 Select Your Tractor










Build & Price
Make your new John Deere Tractor your own by building and customizing it with dozens of options, attachments, and accessories.
Use Build & Price




You May Also View:













E Series Tractors
If you have a lot of work to do, but not a lot of budget, the E Series makes a great choice. The easy-to-use E Series offer you everything you’d expect in a John Deere tractor – comfort, convenience, reliability – all at a budget-friendly price.
View the E Series Tractors 










Scraper Tractors
There are 10 Scraper Special Series Tractors designed to fit specific horse power needs, ranging from 470 to 620 engine hp. These solutions are available for heavy-duty scraper, large disk, oversized roller, heavy ripper, water tanker, and other implement needs on the construction job site.
View the Scraper Special Tractors  










Front End Loaders
John Deere offers a full-line of front end loaders for sub-compact, compact, utility and row crop tractors.
View the Front End Loaders 





Parts, Service & Support

















DIY. Step-by-step.
Need help with annual maintenance? Do it yourself with step-by-step guides for your Compact Utility Tractor.
Let’s Get Started














Maintenance Made Easy
Pick up a Filter Pak today and make routine maintenance a lot easier. Most kits contain an oil filter, primary air filter, primary fuel filter, and a hydraulic filter.
Browse Filter Paks














TractorPlus
Designed for the 3 and 4 family tractors, this app provides you with info on setup, diagnostic trouble codes, and features such as Hitch Assist and Final Tier 4 engines.
Download TractorPlus on the Google Play Store
Download TractorPlus on the Apple App Store












Shop and Buy

Build Your Own
Contact a Dealer
Request a Demo
Order Parts
John Deere Financial






Product Brochures

 View 1 Family Online Brochure
View New 2 Family Online Brochure
View 5E Online Brochure
View 6D Online Brochure
 View 7R Series Online Brochure
View 9R/9RT/9RX Series Tractors Online Brochure






You May Also Be Interested In

Explore Answer Center
Find Used Equipment













                                    ... 








  








 






Creative Commons — Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported
— CC BY-SA 3.0 






















Skip to content








 Menu















Help us build a vibrant, collaborative global commons
Donate Now














Creative Commons


Creative Commons License Deed







Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported

(CC BY-SA 3.0)








This is a human-readable summary of (and not a substitute for) the license.


Disclaimer.






You are free to:


Share — copy and redistribute the material in any medium or format


Adapt — remix, transform, and build upon the material


for any purpose, even commercially.

















The licensor cannot revoke these freedoms as long as you follow the license terms.




Under the following terms:



Attribution — You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.




Attribute this work:












ShareAlike — If you remix, transform, or build upon the material, you must distribute your contributions under the same license as the original.








No additional restrictions — You may not apply legal terms or technological measures that legally restrict others from doing anything the license permits.






Notices:



You do not have to comply with the license for elements of the material in the public domain or where your use is permitted by an applicable exception or limitation.


No warranties are given. The license may not give you all of the permissions necessary for your intended use. For example, other rights such as publicity, privacy, or moral rights may limit how you use the material.








Learn more about CC licensing, or use the license for your own material.






This content is freely available under simple legal terms because of Creative Commons, a non-profit that survives on donations. If you love this content, and love that it's free for everyone, please consider a donation to support our work.
Make a Donation






This page is available in the following languages:


Castellano
Castellano (España)
Català
Dansk
Deutsch
English
Esperanto
français
Galego
hrvatski
Indonesia
Italiano
Latviski
Lietuvių
Melayu
Nederlands
Norsk
polski
Português
Português (BR)
română
Slovenščina
Suomeksi
svenska
Türkçe
íslenska
česky
Ελληνικά
Беларуская
русский
українська
العربية
پارسی
中文
日本語
華語 (台灣)
한국어






This content is freely available under simple legal terms because of Creative Commons, a non-profit that survives on donations. If you love this content, and love that it's free for everyone, please consider a donation to support our work.
When you share, everyone wins.





Contribute today to Creative Commons




$100



$50



$25



$5































Disclaimer

This deed highlights only some of the key features and terms of the actual license. It is not a license and has no legal value. You should carefully review all of the terms and conditions of the actual license before using the licensed material.
Creative Commons is not a law firm and does not provide legal services. Distributing, displaying, or linking to this deed or the license that it summarizes does not create a lawyer-client or any other relationship.




What does "Attribute this work" mean?


The page you came from contained embedded licensing metadata, including how the creator wishes to be attributed for re-use. You can use the HTML here to cite the work. Doing so will also include metadata on your page so that others can find the original work as well.




The applicable mediation rules will be designated in the copyright notice published with the work, or if none then in the request for mediation. Unless otherwise designated in a copyright notice attached to the work, the UNCITRAL Arbitration Rules apply to any arbitration.
More info.




If supplied, you must provide the name of the creator and attribution parties, a copyright notice, a license notice, a disclaimer notice, and a link to the material. CC licenses prior to Version 4.0 also require you to provide the title of the material if supplied, and may have other slight differences.
More info.




In 4.0, you must indicate if you modified the material and retain an indication of previous modifications. In 3.0 and earlier license versions, the indication of changes is only required if you create a derivative.
Marking guide.
More info.




You may also use a license listed as compatible at https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
More info.




A commercial use is one primarily intended for commercial advantage or monetary compensation.
More info.




Merely changing the format never creates a derivative.
More info.




The license prohibits application of effective technological measures, defined with reference to Article 11 of the WIPO Copyright Treaty.
More info.




The rights of users under exceptions and limitations, such as fair use and fair dealing, are not affected by the CC licenses.
More info.




You may need to get additional permissions before using the material as you intend.
More info.























John Deere - Wikipedia






















 






John Deere

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

This article is about the company. For the person, see John Deere (inventor). For the tractor, see List of John Deere tractors.

Deere & Company





John Deere World Headquarters in Moline, Illinois




Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: DE
S&P 500 Component


Industry
Heavy equipment


Founded
Grand Detour, Illinois
(1837; 180 years ago (1837))[1]


Founder
John Deere


Headquarters
Moline, Illinois, United States



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

Samuel R. Allen
(CEO and President)


Products
Agriculture, Construction, Forestry, Consumer & Commercial equipment, Diesel engines, Automobiles


Services
Financial services


Revenue
 US$26.644 billion (2016)[2]



Operating income

 US$2.988 billion (2016)[2]



Net income

 US$1.524 billion (2016)[2]


Total assets
 US$57.981 billion (2016)[2]


Total equity
 US$6.520 billion (2016)[2]



Number of employees

56,767 (2016)[2]


Website
www.deere.com


Deere & Company (brand name John Deere) is an American corporation that manufactures agricultural, construction, and forestry machinery, diesel engines, drivetrains (axles, transmissions, gearboxes) used in heavy equipment, and lawn care equipment. In 2016, it was listed as 97th in the Fortune 500 America's ranking and was ranked 364th in the global ranking in 2016.[3][4] John Deere also provides financial services and other related activities.
Deere is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol DE.[5] The company's slogan is "Nothing Runs Like a Deere", and its logo is a leaping deer, with the words 'JOHN DEERE' under it. The logo has been used by the company for over 155 years.



Contents


1 19th century
2 20th century
3 21st century
4 Products

4.1 Agricultural equipment
4.2 Construction equipment
4.3 Forestry equipment
4.4 Other products


5 Factories
6 Equipment divisions
7 Subsidiaries and affiliates

7.1 Current
7.2 Former


8 Pop culture
9 Sponsorships
10 Controversies
11 Green Magazine
12 See also
13 References
14 Further reading
15 External links



19th century[edit]



This section needs additional citations for verification. (April 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


Deere & Company began when John Deere, born in Rutland, Vermont, USA on February 7, 1804, moved to Grand Detour, Illinois in 1836 to escape bankruptcy in Vermont. Already an established blacksmith, Deere opened a 1,378-square-foot (128 m2) shop in Grand Detour in 1837, which allowed him to serve as a general repairman in the village, as well as a manufacturer of small tools such as pitchforks and shovels. Small tools production was just a start; the item that set him apart, was the self-scouring steel plow, which was pioneered in 1837 when John Deere fashioned a Scottish steel saw blade into a plow. Prior to Deere's steel plow, most farmers used iron or wooden plows to which the rich Midwestern soil stuck, so had to be cleaned frequently. The smooth-sided steel plow solved this problem, and greatly aided migration into the American Great Plains in the 19th and early 20th centuries.
The traditional way of doing business was to make the product as and when it was ordered. This style was very slow, As Deere realized that this was not going to be a viable business model, he increased the rate of production by manufacturing plows before putting them up for sale; this allowed customers to not only see what they were buying beforehand, but also allowed his customers to purchase his products straight away. Word of his products began to spread quickly.
In 1842, Deere entered a business partnership with Leonard Andrus and purchased land for the construction of a new, two-story factory along the Rock River in Illinois. This factory, named the "L. Andrus Plough Manufacturer", produced about 100 plows in 1842 and around 400 plows during the next year. Deere's partnership with Andrus ended in 1848, and Deere relocated to Moline, Illinois, to have access to the railroad and the Mississippi River. There, Deere formed a partnership with Robert Tate and John Gould and built a 1,440-square-foot (134 m2) factory the same year. Production rose quickly, and by 1849, the Deere, Tate & Gould Company was producing over 200 plows a month. A two-story addition to the plant was built, allowing further production.




Company logo used between 1876 and 1912


Deere bought out Tate and Gould's interests in the company in 1853, and was joined in the business by his son Charles Deere. At that time, the company was manufacturing a variety of farm equipment products in addition to plows, including wagons, corn planters, and cultivators. In 1857, the company's production totals reached almost 1,120 implements per month. In 1858, a nationwide financial recession took a toll on the company. To prevent bankruptcy, the company was reorganized and Deere sold his interests in the business to his son-in-law, Christopher Webber, and his son, Charles Deere, who would take on most of his father's managerial roles. John Deere served as president of the company until 1886. The company was reorganized again in 1868, when it was incorporated as Deere & Company. While the company's original stockholders were Charles Deere, Stephen Velie, George Vinton, and John Deere, Charles effectively ran the company. In 1869, Charles began to introduce marketing centers and independent retail dealers to advance the company's sales nationwide. This same year, Deere & Company won "Best and Greatest Display of Plows in Variety" at the 17th Annual Illinois State Fair, for which it won $10 and a Silver Medal.[6]
The core focus remained on the agricultural implements, but John Deere apparently also made a few bicycles in the 1890s.[citation needed]
20th century[edit]




John Deere Plow & Cultivators Co.'s New Orleans House, 1903


Increased competition during the early 1900s from the new International Harvester Company led the company to expand its offerings in the implement business, but the production of gasoline tractors came to define Deere & Company's operations during the 20th century.




Company logo used between 1912 and 1936


In 1912, Deere & Company president William Butterworth (Charles' son-in-law), who had replaced Charles Deere after his death in 1907, began the company's expansion into the tractor business. Deere & Company briefly experimented with its own tractor models, the most successful of which was the Dain All-Wheel-Drive, but in the end decided to continue its foray into the tractor business by purchasing the Waterloo Gasoline Engine Company in 1918, which manufactured the popular Waterloo Boy tractor at its facilities in Waterloo, Iowa. Deere & Company continued to sell tractors under the Waterloo Boy name until 1923, when the John Deere Model D was introduced. The company continues to manufacture a large percentage of its tractors in Waterloo, Iowa, namely the 7R, 8R, and 9R series.
The company produced its first combine harvester, the John Deere No. 2, in 1927. A year later, this innovation was followed up by the introduction of John Deere No. 1, a smaller machine that was more popular with customers. By 1929, the No. 1 and No. 2 were replaced by newer, lighter-weight harvesters. In the 1930s, John Deere and other farm equipment manufacturers began developing hillside harvesting technology. Harvesters now had the ability to effectively use their combines to harvest grain on hillsides with up to a 50% slope gradient.[7]
On an episode of the Travel Channel series Made in America that profiled Deere & Company, host John Ratzenberger stated that the company never repossessed any equipment from American farmers during the Great Depression.[8]
During World War II, the great-grandson of John Deere, Charles Deere Wiman, was president of the company, but he accepted a commission as a colonel in the U.S. Army. A replacement was hired and before returning to work at the company in late 1944, Wiman directed the farm machinery and equipment division of the War Production Board.[9] In addition to farm machinery, John Deere manufactured military tractors, and transmissions for the M3 tank. They also made aircraft parts, ammunition, and mobile laundry units to support the war effort.[10]
In 1947, John Deere introduced its first self-propelled combine, the model 55. It was soon followed by the smaller models 40 and 45, the larger model 95, and an even larger model 105 was introduced in the 1960s. In the mid-1950s, Deere introduced attachable corn heads, allowing crop producers to cut, shell, and clean corn in one smooth operation.[7]
In 1956, Deere & Company bought-out the German tractor manufacturer, Heinrich Lanz AG (see Lanz Bulldog).




A John Deere-Lanz 700 tractor


On August 30, 1960, John Deere dealers from around the world converged on Dallas, Texas, for an unprecedented product showcase. Deere Day in Dallas, as the event was called, introduced the world to the "New Generation of Power", the company’s first modern four-cylinder and six-cylinder tractors, during a day packed with high-tech presentations, live demonstrations, and a parking lot full of brand-new green and yellow machines. The line of tractors introduced that day was five years in the making, and the event itself took months to plan. Deere chose Dallas to host the event partly because it was home to facilities large enough to accommodate the 6,000 guests and the equipment they were all there to see. The Dallas Memorial Auditorium, the Texas State Fairgrounds Coliseum, the Cotton Bowl, and the Cotton Bowl parking lot were each the site of part of the event. During the event, a new John Deere tractor with a diamond-covered nameplate was displayed for all to see inside Neiman-Marcus, a popular Dallas-based department store.
According to information released by the company at the time of the event, John Deere dealers and key employees came to Dallas via the "largest commercial airlift of its type ever attempted." During the 24 hours leading up to the event, 16 airlines brought Deere employees and sales people from all over the United States and Canada to Love Field in Dallas. Bill Hewitt, then chairman and CEO of Deere & Company, welcomed the dealers and introduced the new tractors. Hewitt told the guests they were about to see "a line of entirely new tractors – completely modern in every respect – with outstanding features not duplicated in any other make of tractor."
Since entering the tractor business in 1918, John Deere had focused on two-cylinder machines. The New Generation of Power introduced at Deere Day in Dallas was very different from anything Deere had built before. The new line of four- and six-cylinder tractors, the models 1010, 2010, 3010, and 4010, were more far more powerful than Deere's two-cylinder models, and also easier and more comfortable to operate, with conveniently located controls, better visibility, and improved seat suspension. These new tractors were also easier to service.[11]
The 4010 was rated at 80 horsepower in 1960, but tested at 84 horsepower during testing trials, making it one of the most powerful two-wheel-drive farm tractors at that time. The 4010 was the predecessor to the 4020, which is widely regarded as the most popular tractor ever produced by John Deere, and perhaps any tractor manufacturer in the United States. Although the 4020, which was available with Deere's optional Power Shift, enjoyed greater popularity, the 4010 moved John Deere into the modern era of farm tractor technology and design following its successful history as a tractor manufacturer that was by the late 1950s experiencing waning market share due to its outdated technology.
In addition to the advanced engine technology, the "10" series tractors offered many other upgrades from the older two-cylinder models they replaced, including significantly higher horsepower-to-weight ratio, advanced hydraulics, more convenient and comfortable operator stations, and many other improvements. Of the "10" series John Deere tractors introduced in 1960, the 4010 was by far the most popular, with more than 58,000 units sold from 1960 to 1963. The success of the "10" series John Deere tractors, led by the 4010, helped propel John Deere from a 23% market share in 1959 to 34% by 1964 when the 4020 was introduced, making it the top manufacturer of farm equipment in the United States.[12][13][14]
In 1972, Deere introduced its new 'Sound Idea' tractors, the 4030, 4230, 4430, and 4630. While these tractors were mechanically similar to the New Generation tractors they replaced, and the 4230, 4430, and 4630 used a 404-cubic-inch displacement engine like the 4020, they featured redesigned sheet metal and most importantly they were available with an optional completely integrated operator's cab that John Deere called the Sound Gard body. This insulated cab that included a roll-over protective structure had a distinctive rounded windshield and came equipped with heat and air conditioning, as well as speakers for an optional radio. An 8-track tape player was also available as an option. The 5020 was replaced by the very similar 6030 and continued in production with New Generation styling until 1977 when the 30 Series tractors were replaced by Deere's 'Iron Horse' series that included the 90-hp 4040, 110-hp 4240, 130-hp 4440, 150-HP 4640, and 180-hp 4840. The 4240, 4440, 4640, and 4840 featured a new 466-cubic-inch displacement engine, and improvements to the cab including an optional hydraulic seat for a smoother ride. The Sound Gard body and Power Shift transmission were standard equipment on the 4840.
In 1983, Deere introduced the 4050, 4250, 4450, 4650, and 4850. These tractors were essentially the same machines as the Iron Horses they replaced, but with significant upgrades. They offered a new 15-speed Power Shift transmission, and were available with optional mechanical front-wheel drive featuring caster action for better traction and a tighter turning radius. They also featured cosmetic upgrades, including a new light brown cab interior, not the black interior on previous models. These tractors were followed by the mechanically similar 55 and 60 series tractors before they were replaced by the Deere's completely redesigned 7000 and 8000 series tractors in the early 1990s.
In the 1962 Illinois Manufacturers Directory (50th anniversary edition), John Deere, listed as Deere and Company, claimed a total work force of 35,000, of which 9,000 were in Illinois. The corporate headquarters were located at 1325 Third Ave. in Moline, Illinois, with six manufacturing plants located around that city and a seventh plant in Hoopston, Illinois. The six plants in Moline were listed as:

John Deere Harvester Works at 1100 - 13th Ave., East Moline, where 3,000 employees made agricultural implements
John Deere Industrial Equipment Works at 301 Third Ave., Moline, where 500 employees made earth-moving equipment
John Deere Malleable Works at 1335-13th Street, East Moline, where 600 employees made malleable and nodular iron castings
John Deere Planter Works at 501 Third Ave., Moline, where 1,000 employees made agricultural implements *John Deere Plow Works at 1225 Third Ave., Moline, where 1,100 employees made agricultural implements
John Deere Spreader Works at 1209-13th Ave., Moline where 800 employees made agricultural implements

The John Deere Vermilion Works was located at North Sixth Ave., Hoopston, Illinois, where 140 employees were listed as making iron work and implement parts. Moline, with 42,705 residents in 1962, had the local 7,000 employees of John Deere represent 16% of the city's entire population.[15]
In 1969, John Deere followed its New Generation tractors of the 1960s with a New Generation of combines. These included the 3300, 4400, 6600, and 7700. These models were also the first to come with Quik-Tatch header mounting capabilities as standard equipment. In the 1980s, these combines were followed by the 4420, 6620, 7720, and 8820 that were essentially updated and improved versions of the previous models with larger capacity, a nicer cab, and easier maintenance and service. The 4420 was discontinued in 1984 and replaced by the 4425 combine imported from Germany, and the 6620, 7720, and 8820 received the Titan II updates.
In 1989, Deere replaced the 6620, 7720, and 8820 with a new line of completely redesigned 'Maximizer' combines that included the 9400, 9500, and 9600 walker combines. These combines were completely redesigned and featured a center-mounted cab, rear-mounted engine, and more comforts in the cab. Also in 1989, Deere was inducted into the National Inventors Hall of Fame. In 1997, Deere celebrated 50 years of self-propelled combine production, and the 1997 models featured a 50th-anniversary decal. In 1998, the 9410, 9510, and 9610 were introduced. These were essentially the same machines, but with minor upgrades. Deere dealers offered '10 series' upgrades to owners of older 9000 series Maximizer combines. In 1999, Deere introduced the 50 series Maximizer combines. These machines featured significant cosmetic upgrades including a more streamlined appearance, improved ergonomics in the cab, PTO shaft-style header hook-up, and the larger models were available as rotary machines which were a complete departure from the combines that Deere had built in the past.[16]
In the late 1970s, International Harvester had pioneered rotary combines with their Axial flow machines, and were soon followed by other manufacturers, but Deere continued to build only conventional walker combines through the 1980s and 1990s. In 1999, John Deere introduced the Single-Tine Separation (STS) system on its 9550, 9650, and 9750 combines, representing a step forward in rotary combine technology. The STS system uses less horsepower and improves material handling.[7]
21st century[edit]
As of 2014[update], Deere & Company employed about 67,000 people worldwide, of which half are in the United States and Canada, and is the largest agriculture machinery company in the world. In August 2014, the company announced it was indefinitely laying off 600 of its workers at plants in Illinois, Iowa, and Kansas due to less demand for its products.[17] Inside the United States, the company's primary locations are its administrative center in Moline, Illinois, and manufacturing factories in central and southeastern United States.[18] As of 2016[update], the company experiments with an electric farm tractor.[19]
The logo of the leaping deer has been used by this company for over 155 years. Over the years, the logo has had minor changes and pieces removed. Some of the older style logos have the deer leaping over a log.[20][21] The company uses different logo colors for agricultural vs. construction products. The company's agricultural products are identifiable by a distinctive shade of green paint, with the inside border being yellow. While the construction products are identifiable by a shade of black with the deer being yellow, and the inside border also being yellow.
Products[edit]
John Deere manufactures a wide range of products, with several models of each in many cases.
Agricultural equipment[edit]
Agricultural products include, among others, tractors, combine harvesters, cotton harvesters, balers, planters/seeders, silage machines, and sprayers.
See also: List of John Deere tractors







Tractor









Tracked tractor (9630T)









FEL attachment









Combine









Forage harvester









Cotton picker









Sugarcane harvester









Seed drill









Field sprayer









Telescopic handler









Horse drawn manure spreader




Construction equipment[edit]
Construction equipment includes:







Excavator









Loader









Tracked loader









Backhoe









Skid-steer









Grader




Forestry equipment[edit]
John Deere manufactures a range of forestry machinery, among others, harvesters, forwarders, skidders. feller bunchers and log loaders. Timberjack is a subsidiary of John Deere since 2000.







Harvester









Forwarder









Skidder




Other products[edit]
The company manufactures lawn mowers and also is a manufacturer of consumer and commercial equipment, and snow throwers, as well as a supplier of diesel engines and powertrains (axles, transmissions, etc.) used especially in heavy equipment.[citation needed]
Other products were/are snowmobiles, all-terrain vehicles, and StarFire (a wide-area differential GPS).







Lawn mower









UTV (Gator)









Diesel engine




Factories[edit]




The John Deere Pavilion in Moline, Illinois






Horicon Works in Horicon, Wisconsin






John Deere factory in Mannheim, Germany






John Deere representatives at the Encuentro Empresarial Coparmex in Chihuahua, Mexico.






New John Deere tractors on a barge, Mannheim Harbour


Major North American factories include:

Harvester Works (large combine harvesters) East Moline, Illinois
Cylinder Internal Platform (hydraulic cylinders) Moline, Illinois
Seeding Group (planting equipment) Moline, Illinois and Valley City, North Dakota
Davenport Works (wheel loaders, motor graders, articulated dump trucks, wheeled forestry equipment) Davenport, Iowa
Dubuque Works (backhoes, crawlers, skid-steer loaders, tracked forestry equipment) Dubuque, Iowa
Des Moines Works (tillage equipment, cotton harvesters, sprayers) Ankeny, Iowa
Ottumwa Works (hay and forage equipment) Ottumwa, Iowa
Thibodaux Works (cane-harvesting equipment, scrapers) Thibodaux, Louisiana
Horicon Works (lawn and garden and turf care) Horicon, Wisconsin
Augusta Works (small commercial and agricultural tractors) Augusta, Georgia
Turf Care (specialty golf equipment and commercial mowing) Fuquay Varina, North Carolina
Industrias John Deere (agricultural tractors; construction equipment) (Monterrey, Mexico)
Motores John Deere (power systems; 6- and 4-cylinder engines, heavy-duty axles) Torreon, Mexico
Coffeyville Works (transmissions, pump drives, planetaries) Coffeyville, Kansas
Waterloo Works (tractor, cab, and assembly operations, drivetrain operations, foundry operations, service parts operations) Waterloo, Iowa
Power Systems and Engine Works (power systems and engines) Waterloo, Iowa

Other important factories:

John Deere Usine Saran (power systems), Fleury-les-Aubrais, France
John Deere Argentina (engines, tractors, and combine harvesters), Granadero Baigorria, Santa Fe, Argentina
John Deere Equipment Pvt Ltd (5000-series tractors) Pune, India
John Deere Equipment Pvt Ltd (5000-series tractors), Dewas, India
John Deere Electronic solutions, Pune, India
John Deere Harvester Works, Sirhind-Fategarh, India
John Deere Werke Mannheim (6000-series tractors), Mannheim, Germany
John Deere Brasil: Montenegro, Rio Grande do Sul (tractors), Horizontina - RS (harvesters and planters), Catalão - GO (sugarcane harvesters)
John Deere Werke Zweibrücken (harvesting equipment) Zweibrücken, Germany
John Deere Fabriek Horst (pulled and self-propelled agricultural sprayers) Horst, The Netherlands
John Deere Forestry Oy (forwarders, wheeled harvesters) Joensuu, Finland
John Deere Reman[22] remanufacturing components for off-highway vehicles: facilities in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada (cylinders, axles, transmissions, pumps, hydraulic and powertrain components) and Springfield, Missouri, USA (engines, fuel systems, turbochargers).
Sabo (consumer and commercial lawn equipment) Gummersbach, Germany





John Deere Combine harvesters being transported by railway on goods wagons in Tyrone, Pennsylvania, in the United States


Equipment divisions[edit]


Name
City/State
Country
Products
Division
Comments


Industrias John Deere Argentina S.A.
Santa Fe
Argentina
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Limited Parts Distribution Center
Derrimut, Victoria
Australia
 
Agriculture
 


Auteq Telematica S.A.
São Paulo
Brazil
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Brazil Ltda. - Unidade Catalão
Catalão (GO)
Brazil
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Brazil Ltda. - Unidade Horizontina
Horizontina (RS)
Brazil
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Brazil Ltda. - Unidade Montenegro
Montenegro (RS)
Brazil
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere (Harbin) Agriculture Machinery Co., Ltd.
Jiamusi, Heilongjiang
China
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere (Ningbo) Agriculture Machinery Co., Ltd.
Zhenhai District, Ningbo
China
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere (Tianjin) Agriculture Machinery Co., Ltd.
Tianjin
China
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Usine d'Arc-les-Gray, France
Gray Cedex
France
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere GmbH & Co. KG
Bruchsal
Germany
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere GmbH & Co. KG
Mannheim
Germany
 
Agriculture
 


Maschinenfabrik Kemper GmbH & Co.KG
Stadtlohn
Germany
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere GmbH & Co. KG
Zweibruecken
Germany
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Equipment Private Ltd.
Dist. Pune - 412208 Maharashtra
India
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere India Private Limited
Patiala Punjab 147 001
India
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere India Pvt. Ltd.
Dewas (Madhya Pradesh)
India
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere BH Works Ltd
Park Zvaim
Israel
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Cylinder Internal Platform
Ramos Arizpe, Coah.
Mexico
 
Agriculture
 


Industrias John Deere S.A. de C.V.
Monterrey, N.L.
Mexico
 
Agriculture
 


Industrias John Deere, S.A. de C.V.
Zona Centro, Saltillo, Coah.
Mexico
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Ramos
Ramos Arizpe, Coah.
Mexico
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Fabriek Horst B.V.
Horst
Netherlands
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Domodedovo
Domodedovo
Russia
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Orenburg
Orenburg
Russia
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Ibérica, S.
Madrid
Spain
 
Agriculture
 


The Vapormatic Company Ltd.
Exeter
United Kingdom
 
Agriculture
 


NavCom Technology, Inc.
Torrance, CA
United States
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Cylinder Internal Platform
Moline, IL
United States
Cylinder manufacturing
Agriculture
 


John Deere Harvester Works
East Moline, IL
United States
Large combine harvesters
Agriculture
 


John Deere Seeding Group
East Moline, IL
United States
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Des Moines Works
Ankeny, IA
United States
Sprayers, cotton harvesters, and tillage equipment
Agriculture
 


John Deere Ottumwa Works
Ottumwa, IA
United States
Baling technology
Agriculture
 


John Deere Paton
Paton, IA
United States
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Intelligent Solutions Group - Urbandale
Urbandale, IA
United States
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Waterloo Works - Tractor, Cab, and Assembly Operations
Waterloo, IA
United States
6R, 7R, 8R/8RT, and 9R/9RT Series tractors
Agriculture
 


John Deere Waterloo Works - Drivetrain Operations
Waterloo, IA
United States
Transmissions, drives, and axle machining and assembly
Agriculture
 


John Deere Waterloo Works - Service Parts Operations
Waterloo, IA
United States
Tractor service parts
Agriculture
 


John Deere Waterloo Works - Foundry Operations
Waterloo, IA
United States
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Thibodaux
Thibodaux, LA
United States
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Seeding Group
Valley City, ND
United States
 
Agriculture
 


Waratah Forestry Equipment Pty. Ltd
Melton, Victoria
Australia
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Brazil Ltda.
Lado Direito Indaiatuba – São Paulo
Brazil
 
Construction and forestry
 


Deere Hitachi
Indaiatuba, São Paulo
Brazil
 
Construction and forestry
 


Deere-Hitachi Specialty Products (DHSP) — Langley
Langley, British Columbia
Canada
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Reman — Edmonton
Alberta
Canada
 
Construction and forestry
 


Waratah Forestry Equipment Canada, Ltd.
Kamloops, BC
Canada
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere (Tianjin) Company Limited
Tianjin
China
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Forestry — Joensuu, Finland
Joensuu
Finland
 
Construction and forestry
 


Waratah OM Oy
Joensuu, Finland
Finland
 
Construction and forestry
 


Ashok Leyland John Deere Construction Equipment Pvt. Ltd.
Tamil Nadu
India
 
Construction and forestry
 


Industrias John Deere S.A. de C.V.
Garza Garcia, Nuevo Leon
Mexico
 
Construction and forestry
 


Waratah NZ Ltd.
Tokoroa Waikato
New Zealand
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Domodedovo
Moscow
Russia
 
Construction and forestry
 


Bell Equipment Limited
Empangeni
South Africa
 
Construction and forestry
 


Waratah Forestry Attachment, LLC.
Peachtree City, GA
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Construction & Forestry Company
Moline, IL
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Davenport Works
Davenport, IA
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Training Center - Davenport
Davenport, IA
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Dubuque Works
Dubuque, IA
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Reman — Springfield
Springfield, MO
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


Deere-Hitachi Construction Machinery Corp.
Kernersville, NC
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


Waratah Forestry Attachment, LLC
Kelso, WA
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


SABO - Maschinenfabrik GmbH
Gummersbach
Germany
 
Turf
 


John Deere Commercial Products
Grovetown, GA
United States
 
Turf
 


John Deere Turf Care
Fuquay-Varina, NC
United States
 
Turf
 


John Deere Training Center - Morrisville
Morrisville, NC
United States
 
Turf
 


Transaxle Manufacturing of America Corporation
Rock Hill, SC
United States
 
Turf
 


John Deere Power Products
Greeneville, TN
United States
 
Turf
 


John Deere Horicon Works
Horicon, WI
United States
 
Turf
 


Subsidiaries and affiliates[edit]
Current[edit]

AGRIS Corporation (John Deere Agri Services)




John Deere 8530 tractor with Kinze 3700 planter



John Deere Ag Management Solutions (intelligent mobile equipment technologies) Urbandale, Iowa
John Deere Capital Corporation
John Deere Financial[23] (John Deere Credit and Finance) Johnston, Iowa.
Kemper (row tolerant headers for forage harvesters and combines) Stadtlohn, Germany
Waratah Forestry Attachments (forestry harvesting heads) Tokoroa, New Zealand
Agreentech
NavCom Technology, Inc. (precision positioning systems, see also StarFire) Torrance, California
John Deere Electronic Solutions (Ruggedized electronics) Fargo, North Dakota
Ningbo Benye Tractor & Automobile Manufacture Co. Ltd. (low HP tractors) Ningbo, China
Machinefinder (used equipment division and marketplace)
John Deere Technology Innovation Center located in Research Park, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign
QCFS and Consolidating (attachment distribution center) Davenport, IA

Former[edit]

John Deere Renewables, LLC, a wind energy plant manufacturing arm which represented John Deere's extension into the renewable energy industry - under which it had successfully completed 36 projects in eight US states - was sold to Exelon Energy in August 2010.[24]

Pop culture[edit]

Joe Diffie released a song in 1993 called "John Deere Green", a top-five hit.
Kenny Chesney released a song in 1999 called "She Thinks my Tractor's Sexy" referencing John Deere Tractors, saying "She ain't into cars or pick up trucks,

But if it runs like a Deere, man, her eyes light up"

George Jones famously drove a John Deere lawn tractor to a liquor store after his wife had taken away his car keys to keep him from driving drunk. The incident was later memorialized as part of country music lore in numerous songs and videos, including Jones’ own “Honky Tonk Song” in 1996. Twelve years earlier, the video for Hank Williams Jr.’s “All My Rowdy Friends Are Coming Over Tonight” featured George Jones riding a lawnmower. Vince Gill’s 1993 hit “One More Last Chance” includes the line, “She might have took my car keys, but she forgot about my old John Deere.” The video ends with Gill on a John Deere tractor passing Jones on a John Deere lawnmower. The video for John Rich’s “Country Done Come to Town” also features Jones on a riding lawnmower.[25]

Sponsorships[edit]

The John Deere Classic is an American professional golf tournament sponsored by the company.
John Deere sponsored the #23 and #97 cars for NASCAR driver Chad Little in the late 1990s.[26]

Controversies[edit]
Some groups, including the Electronic Frontier Foundation,[27][28] have taken issue with the fact that John Deere's license covering the internal software on tractor control computers does not allow them to modify the software and that John Deere claims doing so would be DMCA forbidden bypassing of DRM.[29] John Deere locks tractors digitally under usage of the DMCA DRM-law to prevent the DIY repairing by the owning farmers, stating safety concerns as reason.[30]
Green Magazine[edit]
Green Magazine is a publication devoted to John Deere enthusiasts[31][32] which began in November 1984 by Richard and Carol Hain of Bee, Nebraska. The first issue mailed in early November 1984 to 135 paid subscribers consisted of 10 black and white pages with features on tractors, letters from readers, and advertisements.[33] At the time, the magazine was published bimonthly. The writing was done in Lincoln, Nebraska, and it was mailed from the Bee, Nebraska, post office. The magazine grew rapidly, and in 1990, bowing to public demand, the magazine became a monthly. Circulation continued to increase, and at the current time hovers around 30,000. The magazine now generally contains 88 full-color pages and is perfect bound. It is now printed in Michigan and mailed from several different post offices throughout the country.
Current content usually includes a "Tip of the Month" article covering New Generation restoration written by Dan Brotzman, a "Youngtimer" article written by Tyler Buchheit, "Shop Talk" by Ron and JoAnn O'Neill, "Saw it On eBay" by Adam Smith and Benjamin Hain, "Scale Models" by Bill Proft, "What's New and Old" by Greg Stephen, "Feature Model" by Benjamin Hain, "Do You Have One of These" by Richard Hain, and "Mr. Thinker", which is said to be written by "a variety of experts".
See also[edit]


Companies portal
Agriculture and Agronomy portal



John Deere World Headquarters
List of John Deere tractors
John Deere Buck

References[edit]


^ VanderMey, Anne (February 25, 2013). "John Deere Plows Ahead". Fortune. 167 (3): 19. 
^ a b c d e f https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/DE/financials?p=DE
^ "Fortune 500". Fortune. Retrieved 2016-08-31. 
^ "Global 500". Fortune. Retrieved 2016-08-31. 
^ https://www.nyse.com/quote/XNYS:DE, retrieved 2014-07-22.
^ Reynolds, John P. "Transactions of the Illinois State Agricultural Society, with Reports from County and District Agricultural Societies", Illinois Journal Printing Office, 1871, pg. 43,
^ a b c "A Brief Look at John Deere Combine History: 86 Years of Evolution". blog.machinefinder.com. Retrieved 2016-02-07. 
^ Pure genius: the inventor's hall of fame. Independent.co.uk (2008-02-22). Retrieved on 2011-01-03.
^ "John Deere War Hero's Recognized for Patriotism". blog.machinefinder.com. Retrieved 2016-02-07. 
^ "Agricultural Machinery during the 1940s". livinghistoryfarm.org. Retrieved 2016-02-07. 
^ "A Big Day for Deere" (PDF). The Plowshare. 14: 1–6. 27 March 2009. Retrieved 2016-02-07. 
^ Peter Easterlund. "TractorData.com John Deere 4010 tractor information". tractordata.com. 
^ "Archived copy". Archived from the original on 2015-06-22. Retrieved 2016-01-11. 
^ "John Deere 4010". agriculture.com. 
^ Illinois Manufacturers Directory, Manufacturers' News, Inc. Chicago, IL, copyright 1962, p. 1503, 1594–1595
^ http://farmindustrynews.com/show-me-rotaries
^ "Hit by weak crop prices Deere to lay off 600 manufacturing staff". Chicago Chronicle. 15 August 2014. Retrieved 2014-08-15. 
^ John Deere worldwide
^ "John Deere unveils latest all-electric tractor prototype for zero-emission agriculture". Electrek. 5 December 2016. Retrieved 5 December 2016. 
^ "John Deere History". www.deere.com. Retrieved 2015-04-06. 
^ History of the John Deere Trademark Trademarks
^ John Deere Reman Homepage Archived 2009-07-24 at the Wayback Machine.. Deere.com (2009-03-20). Retrieved on 2011-01-03.
^ John Deere Credit is your source for equipment financing solutions - John Deere Credit, U.S.A Archived 2008-12-09 at the Wayback Machine.. Deere.com. Retrieved on 2011-01-03.
^ Deere Reaches Agreement for Sale of Wind Energy Business. Deere.com (2010-08-31). Retrieved on 2011-01-03.
^ http://www.savingcountrymusic.com/george-jones-his-notorious-riding-lawnmower/
^ "Chad Little Sprint Cup All Star race results". Racing Reference. Retrieved 2014-06-09. 
^ Automakers Say You Don’t Really Own Your Car on eff.org (April 2015)
^ John Deere Really Doesn’t Want You to Own That Tractor on eff.org by Kit Walsh (December 20, 2016)
^ Wiens, Kyle (21 April 2015). "We Can’t Let John Deere Destroy the Very Idea of Ownership". Wired. Retrieved 2015-04-27. 
^ Sydell, Laura (2015-08-17). "DIY Tractor Repair Runs Afoul Of Copyright Law". npr.com. Retrieved 2015-08-31. And the little computer screen lets him know when something is wrong. Unfortunately, Alford isn't allowed to fix it. John Deere has a digital lock on the software that runs his tractor. And it won't give him the key. [...] The company went on to say that unqualified individuals could endanger customer safety. 
^ "John Deere Two-Cylinder Tractor Buyer's Guide". 
^ "Standard Catalog of John Deere Tractors 1st". 
^ Mary Lou Montgomery. "John Deere heritage runs deep on Missouri farm". Neosho Daily News. Retrieved 2015-06-04. 


Further reading[edit]

Broehl, Wayne G., Jr. (1984). John Deere's Company: A History of Deere & Company and Its Times. New York City: Doubleday. ISBN 9780385196642. OCLC 10606276. 
Dahlstrom, Jeremy; Dahlstrom, Neil (2005). The John Deere Story: A Biography of Plowmakers John & Charles Deere. Dekalb, Illinois: Northern Illinois University Press. ISBN 9780875803364. OCLC 56753352. 
Kendall, Edward C. (1959). John Deere's Steel Plow. Washington, D.C.: Smithsonian Institution. OCLC 3302873. 

External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to John Deere.



Official website
Green Magazine
John Deere at RitchieWiki, the Equipment Wiki



Business data for John Deere: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings










v
t
e


John Deere



Vehicles



4020 Tractor
5220 Tractor
9630 Tractor
Buck ATV
DB120 Planter
Gator ATV
Military Robot
Snowmobiles
Other Tractors





Divisions



Chamberlain (Australia)
Lanz Bulldog (Germany)
Matbro Forklifts
Nortrax Heavy Equipment
StarFire GPS
Timberjack Forestry





People



John Deere
Hans W. Becherer
John Rusling Block
George Peek





Other



Country Song
Golf Tournament
Museum
Pavilion
Supreme Court Case
TV Show
Video Game
World Headquarters












v
t
e


Illinois-based corporations



Fortune 500
corporations
(by size–2013)



Walgreens Boots Alliance
Archer Daniels Midland
Boeing
Caterpillar Inc.
State Farm Insurance
Abbott Laboratories
Sears Holdings
United Continental Holdings
Deere & Company
Mondelēz International
Allstate
McDonald's
Exelon
Kraft Heinz
Illinois Tool Works
Baxter International
Navistar International
RR Donnelley
CDW
Hillshire Brands
Discover Financial
W. W. Grainger
Motorola Solutions
Dover Corporation
Tenneco
Ingredion
Anixter
United Stationers
AbbVie
Old Republic International





Other major
public companies
(alphabetically)



ACCO Brands
Accretive Health
Allscripts
Amcol International Corporation
Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.
Brunswick Corporation
Calamos
Career Education Corporation
Catamaran Corporation
CBOE Holdings
CF Industries Holdings
CME Group
CNA Financial
Equity Residential
Fortune Brands Home & Security
General Growth Properties
Hospira
Hyatt Hotels Corp.
Integrys Energy Group
Jones Lang LaSalle
Kemper Corporation
Nalco Holding Company
Nicor
Northern Trust
RLI Corp.
Rubicon Technology
Stericycle
Telephone and Data Systems
Titan International
Tribune Media
Tronc
Tootsie Roll Industries
ULTA Beauty
US Foods
USG Corporation
Westell
Zebra Technologies





Other major
private companies
(alphabetically)



Ace Hardware
Baker & McKenzie
Blue Cross Blue Shield Association
Claire's
Country Financial
Danfoss Power Solutions
Dot Foods
Eby-Brown
Electro-Motive Diesel
Flex-N-Gate
Follett Corporation
Gardner Denver
Grant Thornton LLP
Health Care Service Corporation
Heico Cos.
Hendrickson International
Hub International
Jenner & Block
Kirkland & Ellis
Marmon Group
Mayer Brown
Medline Industries
Molex
Morton Salt
Nestlé Frozen Pizza
OSI Group
Pactiv
Reyes Holdings
Ryerson, Inc.
Sidley Austin
Skidmore, Owings & Merrill
Solo Cup Company
Tellabs
TransUnion
True Value
Wirtz Corporation





Related topics



Breweries in Illinois
Companies in the Chicago metropolitan area
Food manufacturers of Chicago
Newspapers in Illinois
Wineries in Illinois












v
t
e


Automotive industry in the United States






Automotive industry
Economy of the United States
Transportation in the United States





American vehicle
manufacturers
(list)



AGCO

Challenger Tractor
Massey Ferguson


AM General
American Expedition Vehicles
American Growler
Amp Electric Vehicles
Anteros Coachworks
Arcimoto
Armour Group, Inc.
ATK motorcycles
Aurica Motors
Autocar
Blue Bird
Boulder Electric Vehicle
Brammo
Brunton Stalker
Caterpillar
FCA US

Chrysler
Dodge
Jeep
Ram


CNH Industrial

Case CE
Case IH


Commuter Cars
Cushman
Cycle-Scoot
DeLorean
Chenowth Racing Products
Eagle Bus
Environmental Performance Vehicles
Equus
Elio Motors
Faraday Future
Fisker Inc.
Ford

Lincoln
SVT


General Dynamics Land Systems
General Motors

Buick
Cadillac
Chevrolet
GMC


Gillig
Glaval Bus
GreenTech
Harley-Davidson
HDT Global
Hennessey
HME
John Deere
Karma Automotive
Legacy
Local Motors
Lockheed Martin
Lingenfelter
Lenco Industries
Mack Trucks
Millennium Luxury Coaches
Morgan Olson
Mosler Automotive
MotoCzysz
Motor Coach Industries
Myers Motors
Navistar International

IC Bus
International


Nissan Commercial Vehicles
North American Bus Industries
Oka
Oshkosh

Pierce


Paccar

Kenworth
Peterbilt


Panoz
Phoenix Motorcars
Polaris Industries

Global Electric Motorcars
Indian
Victory


REV Group

Champion Bus
Collins
ElDorado National
E-One
Fleetwood
Goshen Coach
Holiday Rambler
Laymor
Wheeled Coach


Saleen
Shelby American
SSC North America
Starcraft Bus
Superformance
Tesla
Textron Marine & Land Systems
Trans Tech
TranStar Racing
Ultimaster
VIA Motors
Visionary Vehicles
Wheego Electric Cars
ZAP
Zimmer Motorcars





Foreign vehicle
manufacturers
with US operations



AB Volvo USA
BMW US Manufacturing Company
BYD Auto America
Changan USA
Daimler North America

Daimler Trucks North America

Thomas
Freightliner
Western Star




FAW Group USA
Fiat USA
FHI America
Honda of America

Acura


Hyundai USA
Isuzu America
Kia Motors America
Mazda America
Mitsubishi Motors North America
New Flyer Industries(1)

New Flyer
NABI
Motor Coach Industries


Nissan USA
Peugeot USA
SAIC Motor USA
Suzuki America
Toyota Motor Sales, U.S.A.

Lexus
Scion


Volkswagen Group of America
Wanxiang America





Active factories



BMW US Manufacturing Company
Fiat Chrysler factories
Ford factories
General Motors factories
Honda of America factories
Hyundai Motor Manufacturing Alabama
Kia Motors Manufacturing Georgia
Mercedes-Benz U.S. International
Nissan North America
Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc.
Tesla Factory
Toyota Motor Engineering & Manufacturing North America
Volkswagen Chattanooga Assembly Plant





Components companies



Allison
BorgWarner
Caterpillar
Cummins
Delphi
Detroit Diesel
Eaton
Firestone
Goodyear
Nexteer
Remy International
Timken
Torrington
Visteon





Insurance and finance
companies



Allstate

Ecompass Insurance
Esurance


Ally Financial
Erie Insurance Group
Farmers Insurance Group

21st Century Insurance
Farmers Insurance


GM Financial
GMAC Insurance
Kemper Direct
Progressive
Safe Auto
State Farm





Design studios



Calty Design Research
Designworks





By state



Massachusetts





Former manufacturers(2)



Coda
FMC





Defunct vehicle
manufacturers



Allis-Chalmers
American Austin
American LaFrance
American Motors

Hudson

Essex
Terraplane


Nash
Rambler


Armor Holdings
Armored Motor Car Company
Auburn Automobile
Avanti Motor Corporation
Avery
BMC
Carbon Motors Corporation
Checker Motors Corporation
Commonwealth
Cord
Case
CNH Global
Duesenberg
Durant

Flint
Locomobile
Mason
Rugby
Star


Excalibur
FCA US

Eagle
Plymouth
Street & Racing Technology (still used as a trim for dodge vehicles)


Fiberfab
Fitch Four Drive
Fisker Automotive
Fisker Coachbuild
Force Protection
Ford

Continental
Edsel
Mercury


General Motors

Cartercar
Elmore
GM Diesel
Geo
Hummer
LaSalle
Marquette
McLaughlin
Oakland
Oldsmobile
Pontiac
Saturn
Scripps-Booth
Sheridan
Viking
Yellow Coach


Green Vehicles
Grumman
Henney
International Harvester
Jeffery
Kaiser-Frazer

Allstate
Frazer
Henry J
Kaiser
Willys


Marathon Motor Works
Marmon

Roosevelt


Marvel Motors
Matbro
Mercer
Monaco Coach
Muntz Car Company
Oliver Farm Equipment
Packard
Peerless Motor Company
Pierce-Arrow
Sebring Vanguard
Sterling Trucks
Studebaker

Erskine
Rockne


Stutz
Twentieth Century Motor Car Corporation
United Defense
VL
White
Wildfire





Defunct factories



Brampton Assembly (AMC)
Diamond-Star Motors
Fiat Chrysler factories closed
Ford factories closed
General Motors factories closed
NUMMI
Packard Automotive Plant
Volkswagen Westmoreland Assembly





Related topics



AAA
Chicago Auto Show
Interstate Highway System
National Highway Traffic Safety Administration
New York International Auto Show
North American International Auto Show
SAE International








(1)Although New Flyer is Canadian, their Subsidiaries, NABI and Motor Coach Industries, are headquartered in the U.S.


(2)Former meaning the company is no longer in the automotive manufacturing business


 Category
 Portal










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=John_Deere&oldid=790547656"					
Categories: John Deere1837 establishments in IllinoisAgriculture companies of the United StatesCompanies based in Rock Island County, IllinoisCompanies based in the Quad CitiesCompanies established in 1837Companies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeConstruction equipment manufacturersDefense companies of the United StatesEngine manufacturersDiesel engine manufacturersEngineering vehiclesGarden tool manufacturersLawn and garden tractorsManufacturing companies based in IllinoisMoline, IllinoisPower tool manufacturersTractor manufacturers of the United StatesHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksArticles needing additional references from April 2017All articles needing additional referencesArticles using small message boxesAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from May 2015Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2014All articles containing potentially dated statementsArticles containing potentially dated statements from 2016Articles with unsourced statements from September 2013 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


AfrikaansالعربيةБългарскиCatalàČeštinaDanskDeutschEspañolEuskaraفارسیFrançaisGalego한국어HrvatskiBahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתKurdîNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålNorsk nynorskPlattdüütschPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийСаха тылаSlovenščinaSuomiSvenskaTürkçe中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 14 July 2017, at 13:16.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









John Deere - Wikipedia






















 






John Deere

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

This article is about the company. For the person, see John Deere (inventor). For the tractor, see List of John Deere tractors.

Deere & Company





John Deere World Headquarters in Moline, Illinois




Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: DE
S&P 500 Component


Industry
Heavy equipment


Founded
Grand Detour, Illinois
(1837; 180 years ago (1837))[1]


Founder
John Deere


Headquarters
Moline, Illinois, United States



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

Samuel R. Allen
(CEO and President)


Products
Agriculture, Construction, Forestry, Consumer & Commercial equipment, Diesel engines, Automobiles


Services
Financial services


Revenue
 US$26.644 billion (2016)[2]



Operating income

 US$2.988 billion (2016)[2]



Net income

 US$1.524 billion (2016)[2]


Total assets
 US$57.981 billion (2016)[2]


Total equity
 US$6.520 billion (2016)[2]



Number of employees

56,767 (2016)[2]


Website
www.deere.com


Deere & Company (brand name John Deere) is an American corporation that manufactures agricultural, construction, and forestry machinery, diesel engines, drivetrains (axles, transmissions, gearboxes) used in heavy equipment, and lawn care equipment. In 2016, it was listed as 97th in the Fortune 500 America's ranking and was ranked 364th in the global ranking in 2016.[3][4] John Deere also provides financial services and other related activities.
Deere is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol DE.[5] The company's slogan is "Nothing Runs Like a Deere", and its logo is a leaping deer, with the words 'JOHN DEERE' under it. The logo has been used by the company for over 155 years.



Contents


1 19th century
2 20th century
3 21st century
4 Products

4.1 Agricultural equipment
4.2 Construction equipment
4.3 Forestry equipment
4.4 Other products


5 Factories
6 Equipment divisions
7 Subsidiaries and affiliates

7.1 Current
7.2 Former


8 Pop culture
9 Sponsorships
10 Controversies
11 Green Magazine
12 See also
13 References
14 Further reading
15 External links



19th century[edit]



This section needs additional citations for verification. (April 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


Deere & Company began when John Deere, born in Rutland, Vermont, USA on February 7, 1804, moved to Grand Detour, Illinois in 1836 to escape bankruptcy in Vermont. Already an established blacksmith, Deere opened a 1,378-square-foot (128 m2) shop in Grand Detour in 1837, which allowed him to serve as a general repairman in the village, as well as a manufacturer of small tools such as pitchforks and shovels. Small tools production was just a start; the item that set him apart, was the self-scouring steel plow, which was pioneered in 1837 when John Deere fashioned a Scottish steel saw blade into a plow. Prior to Deere's steel plow, most farmers used iron or wooden plows to which the rich Midwestern soil stuck, so had to be cleaned frequently. The smooth-sided steel plow solved this problem, and greatly aided migration into the American Great Plains in the 19th and early 20th centuries.
The traditional way of doing business was to make the product as and when it was ordered. This style was very slow, As Deere realized that this was not going to be a viable business model, he increased the rate of production by manufacturing plows before putting them up for sale; this allowed customers to not only see what they were buying beforehand, but also allowed his customers to purchase his products straight away. Word of his products began to spread quickly.
In 1842, Deere entered a business partnership with Leonard Andrus and purchased land for the construction of a new, two-story factory along the Rock River in Illinois. This factory, named the "L. Andrus Plough Manufacturer", produced about 100 plows in 1842 and around 400 plows during the next year. Deere's partnership with Andrus ended in 1848, and Deere relocated to Moline, Illinois, to have access to the railroad and the Mississippi River. There, Deere formed a partnership with Robert Tate and John Gould and built a 1,440-square-foot (134 m2) factory the same year. Production rose quickly, and by 1849, the Deere, Tate & Gould Company was producing over 200 plows a month. A two-story addition to the plant was built, allowing further production.




Company logo used between 1876 and 1912


Deere bought out Tate and Gould's interests in the company in 1853, and was joined in the business by his son Charles Deere. At that time, the company was manufacturing a variety of farm equipment products in addition to plows, including wagons, corn planters, and cultivators. In 1857, the company's production totals reached almost 1,120 implements per month. In 1858, a nationwide financial recession took a toll on the company. To prevent bankruptcy, the company was reorganized and Deere sold his interests in the business to his son-in-law, Christopher Webber, and his son, Charles Deere, who would take on most of his father's managerial roles. John Deere served as president of the company until 1886. The company was reorganized again in 1868, when it was incorporated as Deere & Company. While the company's original stockholders were Charles Deere, Stephen Velie, George Vinton, and John Deere, Charles effectively ran the company. In 1869, Charles began to introduce marketing centers and independent retail dealers to advance the company's sales nationwide. This same year, Deere & Company won "Best and Greatest Display of Plows in Variety" at the 17th Annual Illinois State Fair, for which it won $10 and a Silver Medal.[6]
The core focus remained on the agricultural implements, but John Deere apparently also made a few bicycles in the 1890s.[citation needed]
20th century[edit]




John Deere Plow & Cultivators Co.'s New Orleans House, 1903


Increased competition during the early 1900s from the new International Harvester Company led the company to expand its offerings in the implement business, but the production of gasoline tractors came to define Deere & Company's operations during the 20th century.




Company logo used between 1912 and 1936


In 1912, Deere & Company president William Butterworth (Charles' son-in-law), who had replaced Charles Deere after his death in 1907, began the company's expansion into the tractor business. Deere & Company briefly experimented with its own tractor models, the most successful of which was the Dain All-Wheel-Drive, but in the end decided to continue its foray into the tractor business by purchasing the Waterloo Gasoline Engine Company in 1918, which manufactured the popular Waterloo Boy tractor at its facilities in Waterloo, Iowa. Deere & Company continued to sell tractors under the Waterloo Boy name until 1923, when the John Deere Model D was introduced. The company continues to manufacture a large percentage of its tractors in Waterloo, Iowa, namely the 7R, 8R, and 9R series.
The company produced its first combine harvester, the John Deere No. 2, in 1927. A year later, this innovation was followed up by the introduction of John Deere No. 1, a smaller machine that was more popular with customers. By 1929, the No. 1 and No. 2 were replaced by newer, lighter-weight harvesters. In the 1930s, John Deere and other farm equipment manufacturers began developing hillside harvesting technology. Harvesters now had the ability to effectively use their combines to harvest grain on hillsides with up to a 50% slope gradient.[7]
On an episode of the Travel Channel series Made in America that profiled Deere & Company, host John Ratzenberger stated that the company never repossessed any equipment from American farmers during the Great Depression.[8]
During World War II, the great-grandson of John Deere, Charles Deere Wiman, was president of the company, but he accepted a commission as a colonel in the U.S. Army. A replacement was hired and before returning to work at the company in late 1944, Wiman directed the farm machinery and equipment division of the War Production Board.[9] In addition to farm machinery, John Deere manufactured military tractors, and transmissions for the M3 tank. They also made aircraft parts, ammunition, and mobile laundry units to support the war effort.[10]
In 1947, John Deere introduced its first self-propelled combine, the model 55. It was soon followed by the smaller models 40 and 45, the larger model 95, and an even larger model 105 was introduced in the 1960s. In the mid-1950s, Deere introduced attachable corn heads, allowing crop producers to cut, shell, and clean corn in one smooth operation.[7]
In 1956, Deere & Company bought-out the German tractor manufacturer, Heinrich Lanz AG (see Lanz Bulldog).




A John Deere-Lanz 700 tractor


On August 30, 1960, John Deere dealers from around the world converged on Dallas, Texas, for an unprecedented product showcase. Deere Day in Dallas, as the event was called, introduced the world to the "New Generation of Power", the company’s first modern four-cylinder and six-cylinder tractors, during a day packed with high-tech presentations, live demonstrations, and a parking lot full of brand-new green and yellow machines. The line of tractors introduced that day was five years in the making, and the event itself took months to plan. Deere chose Dallas to host the event partly because it was home to facilities large enough to accommodate the 6,000 guests and the equipment they were all there to see. The Dallas Memorial Auditorium, the Texas State Fairgrounds Coliseum, the Cotton Bowl, and the Cotton Bowl parking lot were each the site of part of the event. During the event, a new John Deere tractor with a diamond-covered nameplate was displayed for all to see inside Neiman-Marcus, a popular Dallas-based department store.
According to information released by the company at the time of the event, John Deere dealers and key employees came to Dallas via the "largest commercial airlift of its type ever attempted." During the 24 hours leading up to the event, 16 airlines brought Deere employees and sales people from all over the United States and Canada to Love Field in Dallas. Bill Hewitt, then chairman and CEO of Deere & Company, welcomed the dealers and introduced the new tractors. Hewitt told the guests they were about to see "a line of entirely new tractors – completely modern in every respect – with outstanding features not duplicated in any other make of tractor."
Since entering the tractor business in 1918, John Deere had focused on two-cylinder machines. The New Generation of Power introduced at Deere Day in Dallas was very different from anything Deere had built before. The new line of four- and six-cylinder tractors, the models 1010, 2010, 3010, and 4010, were more far more powerful than Deere's two-cylinder models, and also easier and more comfortable to operate, with conveniently located controls, better visibility, and improved seat suspension. These new tractors were also easier to service.[11]
The 4010 was rated at 80 horsepower in 1960, but tested at 84 horsepower during testing trials, making it one of the most powerful two-wheel-drive farm tractors at that time. The 4010 was the predecessor to the 4020, which is widely regarded as the most popular tractor ever produced by John Deere, and perhaps any tractor manufacturer in the United States. Although the 4020, which was available with Deere's optional Power Shift, enjoyed greater popularity, the 4010 moved John Deere into the modern era of farm tractor technology and design following its successful history as a tractor manufacturer that was by the late 1950s experiencing waning market share due to its outdated technology.
In addition to the advanced engine technology, the "10" series tractors offered many other upgrades from the older two-cylinder models they replaced, including significantly higher horsepower-to-weight ratio, advanced hydraulics, more convenient and comfortable operator stations, and many other improvements. Of the "10" series John Deere tractors introduced in 1960, the 4010 was by far the most popular, with more than 58,000 units sold from 1960 to 1963. The success of the "10" series John Deere tractors, led by the 4010, helped propel John Deere from a 23% market share in 1959 to 34% by 1964 when the 4020 was introduced, making it the top manufacturer of farm equipment in the United States.[12][13][14]
In 1972, Deere introduced its new 'Sound Idea' tractors, the 4030, 4230, 4430, and 4630. While these tractors were mechanically similar to the New Generation tractors they replaced, and the 4230, 4430, and 4630 used a 404-cubic-inch displacement engine like the 4020, they featured redesigned sheet metal and most importantly they were available with an optional completely integrated operator's cab that John Deere called the Sound Gard body. This insulated cab that included a roll-over protective structure had a distinctive rounded windshield and came equipped with heat and air conditioning, as well as speakers for an optional radio. An 8-track tape player was also available as an option. The 5020 was replaced by the very similar 6030 and continued in production with New Generation styling until 1977 when the 30 Series tractors were replaced by Deere's 'Iron Horse' series that included the 90-hp 4040, 110-hp 4240, 130-hp 4440, 150-HP 4640, and 180-hp 4840. The 4240, 4440, 4640, and 4840 featured a new 466-cubic-inch displacement engine, and improvements to the cab including an optional hydraulic seat for a smoother ride. The Sound Gard body and Power Shift transmission were standard equipment on the 4840.
In 1983, Deere introduced the 4050, 4250, 4450, 4650, and 4850. These tractors were essentially the same machines as the Iron Horses they replaced, but with significant upgrades. They offered a new 15-speed Power Shift transmission, and were available with optional mechanical front-wheel drive featuring caster action for better traction and a tighter turning radius. They also featured cosmetic upgrades, including a new light brown cab interior, not the black interior on previous models. These tractors were followed by the mechanically similar 55 and 60 series tractors before they were replaced by the Deere's completely redesigned 7000 and 8000 series tractors in the early 1990s.
In the 1962 Illinois Manufacturers Directory (50th anniversary edition), John Deere, listed as Deere and Company, claimed a total work force of 35,000, of which 9,000 were in Illinois. The corporate headquarters were located at 1325 Third Ave. in Moline, Illinois, with six manufacturing plants located around that city and a seventh plant in Hoopston, Illinois. The six plants in Moline were listed as:

John Deere Harvester Works at 1100 - 13th Ave., East Moline, where 3,000 employees made agricultural implements
John Deere Industrial Equipment Works at 301 Third Ave., Moline, where 500 employees made earth-moving equipment
John Deere Malleable Works at 1335-13th Street, East Moline, where 600 employees made malleable and nodular iron castings
John Deere Planter Works at 501 Third Ave., Moline, where 1,000 employees made agricultural implements *John Deere Plow Works at 1225 Third Ave., Moline, where 1,100 employees made agricultural implements
John Deere Spreader Works at 1209-13th Ave., Moline where 800 employees made agricultural implements

The John Deere Vermilion Works was located at North Sixth Ave., Hoopston, Illinois, where 140 employees were listed as making iron work and implement parts. Moline, with 42,705 residents in 1962, had the local 7,000 employees of John Deere represent 16% of the city's entire population.[15]
In 1969, John Deere followed its New Generation tractors of the 1960s with a New Generation of combines. These included the 3300, 4400, 6600, and 7700. These models were also the first to come with Quik-Tatch header mounting capabilities as standard equipment. In the 1980s, these combines were followed by the 4420, 6620, 7720, and 8820 that were essentially updated and improved versions of the previous models with larger capacity, a nicer cab, and easier maintenance and service. The 4420 was discontinued in 1984 and replaced by the 4425 combine imported from Germany, and the 6620, 7720, and 8820 received the Titan II updates.
In 1989, Deere replaced the 6620, 7720, and 8820 with a new line of completely redesigned 'Maximizer' combines that included the 9400, 9500, and 9600 walker combines. These combines were completely redesigned and featured a center-mounted cab, rear-mounted engine, and more comforts in the cab. Also in 1989, Deere was inducted into the National Inventors Hall of Fame. In 1997, Deere celebrated 50 years of self-propelled combine production, and the 1997 models featured a 50th-anniversary decal. In 1998, the 9410, 9510, and 9610 were introduced. These were essentially the same machines, but with minor upgrades. Deere dealers offered '10 series' upgrades to owners of older 9000 series Maximizer combines. In 1999, Deere introduced the 50 series Maximizer combines. These machines featured significant cosmetic upgrades including a more streamlined appearance, improved ergonomics in the cab, PTO shaft-style header hook-up, and the larger models were available as rotary machines which were a complete departure from the combines that Deere had built in the past.[16]
In the late 1970s, International Harvester had pioneered rotary combines with their Axial flow machines, and were soon followed by other manufacturers, but Deere continued to build only conventional walker combines through the 1980s and 1990s. In 1999, John Deere introduced the Single-Tine Separation (STS) system on its 9550, 9650, and 9750 combines, representing a step forward in rotary combine technology. The STS system uses less horsepower and improves material handling.[7]
21st century[edit]
As of 2014[update], Deere & Company employed about 67,000 people worldwide, of which half are in the United States and Canada, and is the largest agriculture machinery company in the world. In August 2014, the company announced it was indefinitely laying off 600 of its workers at plants in Illinois, Iowa, and Kansas due to less demand for its products.[17] Inside the United States, the company's primary locations are its administrative center in Moline, Illinois, and manufacturing factories in central and southeastern United States.[18] As of 2016[update], the company experiments with an electric farm tractor.[19]
The logo of the leaping deer has been used by this company for over 155 years. Over the years, the logo has had minor changes and pieces removed. Some of the older style logos have the deer leaping over a log.[20][21] The company uses different logo colors for agricultural vs. construction products. The company's agricultural products are identifiable by a distinctive shade of green paint, with the inside border being yellow. While the construction products are identifiable by a shade of black with the deer being yellow, and the inside border also being yellow.
Products[edit]
John Deere manufactures a wide range of products, with several models of each in many cases.
Agricultural equipment[edit]
Agricultural products include, among others, tractors, combine harvesters, cotton harvesters, balers, planters/seeders, silage machines, and sprayers.
See also: List of John Deere tractors







Tractor









Tracked tractor (9630T)









FEL attachment









Combine









Forage harvester









Cotton picker









Sugarcane harvester









Seed drill









Field sprayer









Telescopic handler









Horse drawn manure spreader




Construction equipment[edit]
Construction equipment includes:







Excavator









Loader









Tracked loader









Backhoe









Skid-steer









Grader




Forestry equipment[edit]
John Deere manufactures a range of forestry machinery, among others, harvesters, forwarders, skidders. feller bunchers and log loaders. Timberjack is a subsidiary of John Deere since 2000.







Harvester









Forwarder









Skidder




Other products[edit]
The company manufactures lawn mowers and also is a manufacturer of consumer and commercial equipment, and snow throwers, as well as a supplier of diesel engines and powertrains (axles, transmissions, etc.) used especially in heavy equipment.[citation needed]
Other products were/are snowmobiles, all-terrain vehicles, and StarFire (a wide-area differential GPS).







Lawn mower









UTV (Gator)









Diesel engine




Factories[edit]




The John Deere Pavilion in Moline, Illinois






Horicon Works in Horicon, Wisconsin






John Deere factory in Mannheim, Germany






John Deere representatives at the Encuentro Empresarial Coparmex in Chihuahua, Mexico.






New John Deere tractors on a barge, Mannheim Harbour


Major North American factories include:

Harvester Works (large combine harvesters) East Moline, Illinois
Cylinder Internal Platform (hydraulic cylinders) Moline, Illinois
Seeding Group (planting equipment) Moline, Illinois and Valley City, North Dakota
Davenport Works (wheel loaders, motor graders, articulated dump trucks, wheeled forestry equipment) Davenport, Iowa
Dubuque Works (backhoes, crawlers, skid-steer loaders, tracked forestry equipment) Dubuque, Iowa
Des Moines Works (tillage equipment, cotton harvesters, sprayers) Ankeny, Iowa
Ottumwa Works (hay and forage equipment) Ottumwa, Iowa
Thibodaux Works (cane-harvesting equipment, scrapers) Thibodaux, Louisiana
Horicon Works (lawn and garden and turf care) Horicon, Wisconsin
Augusta Works (small commercial and agricultural tractors) Augusta, Georgia
Turf Care (specialty golf equipment and commercial mowing) Fuquay Varina, North Carolina
Industrias John Deere (agricultural tractors; construction equipment) (Monterrey, Mexico)
Motores John Deere (power systems; 6- and 4-cylinder engines, heavy-duty axles) Torreon, Mexico
Coffeyville Works (transmissions, pump drives, planetaries) Coffeyville, Kansas
Waterloo Works (tractor, cab, and assembly operations, drivetrain operations, foundry operations, service parts operations) Waterloo, Iowa
Power Systems and Engine Works (power systems and engines) Waterloo, Iowa

Other important factories:

John Deere Usine Saran (power systems), Fleury-les-Aubrais, France
John Deere Argentina (engines, tractors, and combine harvesters), Granadero Baigorria, Santa Fe, Argentina
John Deere Equipment Pvt Ltd (5000-series tractors) Pune, India
John Deere Equipment Pvt Ltd (5000-series tractors), Dewas, India
John Deere Electronic solutions, Pune, India
John Deere Harvester Works, Sirhind-Fategarh, India
John Deere Werke Mannheim (6000-series tractors), Mannheim, Germany
John Deere Brasil: Montenegro, Rio Grande do Sul (tractors), Horizontina - RS (harvesters and planters), Catalão - GO (sugarcane harvesters)
John Deere Werke Zweibrücken (harvesting equipment) Zweibrücken, Germany
John Deere Fabriek Horst (pulled and self-propelled agricultural sprayers) Horst, The Netherlands
John Deere Forestry Oy (forwarders, wheeled harvesters) Joensuu, Finland
John Deere Reman[22] remanufacturing components for off-highway vehicles: facilities in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada (cylinders, axles, transmissions, pumps, hydraulic and powertrain components) and Springfield, Missouri, USA (engines, fuel systems, turbochargers).
Sabo (consumer and commercial lawn equipment) Gummersbach, Germany





John Deere Combine harvesters being transported by railway on goods wagons in Tyrone, Pennsylvania, in the United States


Equipment divisions[edit]


Name
City/State
Country
Products
Division
Comments


Industrias John Deere Argentina S.A.
Santa Fe
Argentina
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Limited Parts Distribution Center
Derrimut, Victoria
Australia
 
Agriculture
 


Auteq Telematica S.A.
São Paulo
Brazil
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Brazil Ltda. - Unidade Catalão
Catalão (GO)
Brazil
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Brazil Ltda. - Unidade Horizontina
Horizontina (RS)
Brazil
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Brazil Ltda. - Unidade Montenegro
Montenegro (RS)
Brazil
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere (Harbin) Agriculture Machinery Co., Ltd.
Jiamusi, Heilongjiang
China
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere (Ningbo) Agriculture Machinery Co., Ltd.
Zhenhai District, Ningbo
China
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere (Tianjin) Agriculture Machinery Co., Ltd.
Tianjin
China
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Usine d'Arc-les-Gray, France
Gray Cedex
France
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere GmbH & Co. KG
Bruchsal
Germany
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere GmbH & Co. KG
Mannheim
Germany
 
Agriculture
 


Maschinenfabrik Kemper GmbH & Co.KG
Stadtlohn
Germany
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere GmbH & Co. KG
Zweibruecken
Germany
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Equipment Private Ltd.
Dist. Pune - 412208 Maharashtra
India
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere India Private Limited
Patiala Punjab 147 001
India
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere India Pvt. Ltd.
Dewas (Madhya Pradesh)
India
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere BH Works Ltd
Park Zvaim
Israel
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Cylinder Internal Platform
Ramos Arizpe, Coah.
Mexico
 
Agriculture
 


Industrias John Deere S.A. de C.V.
Monterrey, N.L.
Mexico
 
Agriculture
 


Industrias John Deere, S.A. de C.V.
Zona Centro, Saltillo, Coah.
Mexico
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Ramos
Ramos Arizpe, Coah.
Mexico
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Fabriek Horst B.V.
Horst
Netherlands
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Domodedovo
Domodedovo
Russia
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Orenburg
Orenburg
Russia
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Ibérica, S.
Madrid
Spain
 
Agriculture
 


The Vapormatic Company Ltd.
Exeter
United Kingdom
 
Agriculture
 


NavCom Technology, Inc.
Torrance, CA
United States
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Cylinder Internal Platform
Moline, IL
United States
Cylinder manufacturing
Agriculture
 


John Deere Harvester Works
East Moline, IL
United States
Large combine harvesters
Agriculture
 


John Deere Seeding Group
East Moline, IL
United States
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Des Moines Works
Ankeny, IA
United States
Sprayers, cotton harvesters, and tillage equipment
Agriculture
 


John Deere Ottumwa Works
Ottumwa, IA
United States
Baling technology
Agriculture
 


John Deere Paton
Paton, IA
United States
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Intelligent Solutions Group - Urbandale
Urbandale, IA
United States
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Waterloo Works - Tractor, Cab, and Assembly Operations
Waterloo, IA
United States
6R, 7R, 8R/8RT, and 9R/9RT Series tractors
Agriculture
 


John Deere Waterloo Works - Drivetrain Operations
Waterloo, IA
United States
Transmissions, drives, and axle machining and assembly
Agriculture
 


John Deere Waterloo Works - Service Parts Operations
Waterloo, IA
United States
Tractor service parts
Agriculture
 


John Deere Waterloo Works - Foundry Operations
Waterloo, IA
United States
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Thibodaux
Thibodaux, LA
United States
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Seeding Group
Valley City, ND
United States
 
Agriculture
 


Waratah Forestry Equipment Pty. Ltd
Melton, Victoria
Australia
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Brazil Ltda.
Lado Direito Indaiatuba – São Paulo
Brazil
 
Construction and forestry
 


Deere Hitachi
Indaiatuba, São Paulo
Brazil
 
Construction and forestry
 


Deere-Hitachi Specialty Products (DHSP) — Langley
Langley, British Columbia
Canada
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Reman — Edmonton
Alberta
Canada
 
Construction and forestry
 


Waratah Forestry Equipment Canada, Ltd.
Kamloops, BC
Canada
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere (Tianjin) Company Limited
Tianjin
China
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Forestry — Joensuu, Finland
Joensuu
Finland
 
Construction and forestry
 


Waratah OM Oy
Joensuu, Finland
Finland
 
Construction and forestry
 


Ashok Leyland John Deere Construction Equipment Pvt. Ltd.
Tamil Nadu
India
 
Construction and forestry
 


Industrias John Deere S.A. de C.V.
Garza Garcia, Nuevo Leon
Mexico
 
Construction and forestry
 


Waratah NZ Ltd.
Tokoroa Waikato
New Zealand
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Domodedovo
Moscow
Russia
 
Construction and forestry
 


Bell Equipment Limited
Empangeni
South Africa
 
Construction and forestry
 


Waratah Forestry Attachment, LLC.
Peachtree City, GA
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Construction & Forestry Company
Moline, IL
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Davenport Works
Davenport, IA
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Training Center - Davenport
Davenport, IA
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Dubuque Works
Dubuque, IA
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Reman — Springfield
Springfield, MO
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


Deere-Hitachi Construction Machinery Corp.
Kernersville, NC
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


Waratah Forestry Attachment, LLC
Kelso, WA
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


SABO - Maschinenfabrik GmbH
Gummersbach
Germany
 
Turf
 


John Deere Commercial Products
Grovetown, GA
United States
 
Turf
 


John Deere Turf Care
Fuquay-Varina, NC
United States
 
Turf
 


John Deere Training Center - Morrisville
Morrisville, NC
United States
 
Turf
 


Transaxle Manufacturing of America Corporation
Rock Hill, SC
United States
 
Turf
 


John Deere Power Products
Greeneville, TN
United States
 
Turf
 


John Deere Horicon Works
Horicon, WI
United States
 
Turf
 


Subsidiaries and affiliates[edit]
Current[edit]

AGRIS Corporation (John Deere Agri Services)




John Deere 8530 tractor with Kinze 3700 planter



John Deere Ag Management Solutions (intelligent mobile equipment technologies) Urbandale, Iowa
John Deere Capital Corporation
John Deere Financial[23] (John Deere Credit and Finance) Johnston, Iowa.
Kemper (row tolerant headers for forage harvesters and combines) Stadtlohn, Germany
Waratah Forestry Attachments (forestry harvesting heads) Tokoroa, New Zealand
Agreentech
NavCom Technology, Inc. (precision positioning systems, see also StarFire) Torrance, California
John Deere Electronic Solutions (Ruggedized electronics) Fargo, North Dakota
Ningbo Benye Tractor & Automobile Manufacture Co. Ltd. (low HP tractors) Ningbo, China
Machinefinder (used equipment division and marketplace)
John Deere Technology Innovation Center located in Research Park, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign
QCFS and Consolidating (attachment distribution center) Davenport, IA

Former[edit]

John Deere Renewables, LLC, a wind energy plant manufacturing arm which represented John Deere's extension into the renewable energy industry - under which it had successfully completed 36 projects in eight US states - was sold to Exelon Energy in August 2010.[24]

Pop culture[edit]

Joe Diffie released a song in 1993 called "John Deere Green", a top-five hit.
Kenny Chesney released a song in 1999 called "She Thinks my Tractor's Sexy" referencing John Deere Tractors, saying "She ain't into cars or pick up trucks,

But if it runs like a Deere, man, her eyes light up"

George Jones famously drove a John Deere lawn tractor to a liquor store after his wife had taken away his car keys to keep him from driving drunk. The incident was later memorialized as part of country music lore in numerous songs and videos, including Jones’ own “Honky Tonk Song” in 1996. Twelve years earlier, the video for Hank Williams Jr.’s “All My Rowdy Friends Are Coming Over Tonight” featured George Jones riding a lawnmower. Vince Gill’s 1993 hit “One More Last Chance” includes the line, “She might have took my car keys, but she forgot about my old John Deere.” The video ends with Gill on a John Deere tractor passing Jones on a John Deere lawnmower. The video for John Rich’s “Country Done Come to Town” also features Jones on a riding lawnmower.[25]

Sponsorships[edit]

The John Deere Classic is an American professional golf tournament sponsored by the company.
John Deere sponsored the #23 and #97 cars for NASCAR driver Chad Little in the late 1990s.[26]

Controversies[edit]
Some groups, including the Electronic Frontier Foundation,[27][28] have taken issue with the fact that John Deere's license covering the internal software on tractor control computers does not allow them to modify the software and that John Deere claims doing so would be DMCA forbidden bypassing of DRM.[29] John Deere locks tractors digitally under usage of the DMCA DRM-law to prevent the DIY repairing by the owning farmers, stating safety concerns as reason.[30]
Green Magazine[edit]
Green Magazine is a publication devoted to John Deere enthusiasts[31][32] which began in November 1984 by Richard and Carol Hain of Bee, Nebraska. The first issue mailed in early November 1984 to 135 paid subscribers consisted of 10 black and white pages with features on tractors, letters from readers, and advertisements.[33] At the time, the magazine was published bimonthly. The writing was done in Lincoln, Nebraska, and it was mailed from the Bee, Nebraska, post office. The magazine grew rapidly, and in 1990, bowing to public demand, the magazine became a monthly. Circulation continued to increase, and at the current time hovers around 30,000. The magazine now generally contains 88 full-color pages and is perfect bound. It is now printed in Michigan and mailed from several different post offices throughout the country.
Current content usually includes a "Tip of the Month" article covering New Generation restoration written by Dan Brotzman, a "Youngtimer" article written by Tyler Buchheit, "Shop Talk" by Ron and JoAnn O'Neill, "Saw it On eBay" by Adam Smith and Benjamin Hain, "Scale Models" by Bill Proft, "What's New and Old" by Greg Stephen, "Feature Model" by Benjamin Hain, "Do You Have One of These" by Richard Hain, and "Mr. Thinker", which is said to be written by "a variety of experts".
See also[edit]


Companies portal
Agriculture and Agronomy portal



John Deere World Headquarters
List of John Deere tractors
John Deere Buck

References[edit]


^ VanderMey, Anne (February 25, 2013). "John Deere Plows Ahead". Fortune. 167 (3): 19. 
^ a b c d e f https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/DE/financials?p=DE
^ "Fortune 500". Fortune. Retrieved 2016-08-31. 
^ "Global 500". Fortune. Retrieved 2016-08-31. 
^ https://www.nyse.com/quote/XNYS:DE, retrieved 2014-07-22.
^ Reynolds, John P. "Transactions of the Illinois State Agricultural Society, with Reports from County and District Agricultural Societies", Illinois Journal Printing Office, 1871, pg. 43,
^ a b c "A Brief Look at John Deere Combine History: 86 Years of Evolution". blog.machinefinder.com. Retrieved 2016-02-07. 
^ Pure genius: the inventor's hall of fame. Independent.co.uk (2008-02-22). Retrieved on 2011-01-03.
^ "John Deere War Hero's Recognized for Patriotism". blog.machinefinder.com. Retrieved 2016-02-07. 
^ "Agricultural Machinery during the 1940s". livinghistoryfarm.org. Retrieved 2016-02-07. 
^ "A Big Day for Deere" (PDF). The Plowshare. 14: 1–6. 27 March 2009. Retrieved 2016-02-07. 
^ Peter Easterlund. "TractorData.com John Deere 4010 tractor information". tractordata.com. 
^ "Archived copy". Archived from the original on 2015-06-22. Retrieved 2016-01-11. 
^ "John Deere 4010". agriculture.com. 
^ Illinois Manufacturers Directory, Manufacturers' News, Inc. Chicago, IL, copyright 1962, p. 1503, 1594–1595
^ http://farmindustrynews.com/show-me-rotaries
^ "Hit by weak crop prices Deere to lay off 600 manufacturing staff". Chicago Chronicle. 15 August 2014. Retrieved 2014-08-15. 
^ John Deere worldwide
^ "John Deere unveils latest all-electric tractor prototype for zero-emission agriculture". Electrek. 5 December 2016. Retrieved 5 December 2016. 
^ "John Deere History". www.deere.com. Retrieved 2015-04-06. 
^ History of the John Deere Trademark Trademarks
^ John Deere Reman Homepage Archived 2009-07-24 at the Wayback Machine.. Deere.com (2009-03-20). Retrieved on 2011-01-03.
^ John Deere Credit is your source for equipment financing solutions - John Deere Credit, U.S.A Archived 2008-12-09 at the Wayback Machine.. Deere.com. Retrieved on 2011-01-03.
^ Deere Reaches Agreement for Sale of Wind Energy Business. Deere.com (2010-08-31). Retrieved on 2011-01-03.
^ http://www.savingcountrymusic.com/george-jones-his-notorious-riding-lawnmower/
^ "Chad Little Sprint Cup All Star race results". Racing Reference. Retrieved 2014-06-09. 
^ Automakers Say You Don’t Really Own Your Car on eff.org (April 2015)
^ John Deere Really Doesn’t Want You to Own That Tractor on eff.org by Kit Walsh (December 20, 2016)
^ Wiens, Kyle (21 April 2015). "We Can’t Let John Deere Destroy the Very Idea of Ownership". Wired. Retrieved 2015-04-27. 
^ Sydell, Laura (2015-08-17). "DIY Tractor Repair Runs Afoul Of Copyright Law". npr.com. Retrieved 2015-08-31. And the little computer screen lets him know when something is wrong. Unfortunately, Alford isn't allowed to fix it. John Deere has a digital lock on the software that runs his tractor. And it won't give him the key. [...] The company went on to say that unqualified individuals could endanger customer safety. 
^ "John Deere Two-Cylinder Tractor Buyer's Guide". 
^ "Standard Catalog of John Deere Tractors 1st". 
^ Mary Lou Montgomery. "John Deere heritage runs deep on Missouri farm". Neosho Daily News. Retrieved 2015-06-04. 


Further reading[edit]

Broehl, Wayne G., Jr. (1984). John Deere's Company: A History of Deere & Company and Its Times. New York City: Doubleday. ISBN 9780385196642. OCLC 10606276. 
Dahlstrom, Jeremy; Dahlstrom, Neil (2005). The John Deere Story: A Biography of Plowmakers John & Charles Deere. Dekalb, Illinois: Northern Illinois University Press. ISBN 9780875803364. OCLC 56753352. 
Kendall, Edward C. (1959). John Deere's Steel Plow. Washington, D.C.: Smithsonian Institution. OCLC 3302873. 

External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to John Deere.



Official website
Green Magazine
John Deere at RitchieWiki, the Equipment Wiki



Business data for John Deere: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings










v
t
e


John Deere



Vehicles



4020 Tractor
5220 Tractor
9630 Tractor
Buck ATV
DB120 Planter
Gator ATV
Military Robot
Snowmobiles
Other Tractors





Divisions



Chamberlain (Australia)
Lanz Bulldog (Germany)
Matbro Forklifts
Nortrax Heavy Equipment
StarFire GPS
Timberjack Forestry





People



John Deere
Hans W. Becherer
John Rusling Block
George Peek





Other



Country Song
Golf Tournament
Museum
Pavilion
Supreme Court Case
TV Show
Video Game
World Headquarters












v
t
e


Illinois-based corporations



Fortune 500
corporations
(by size–2013)



Walgreens Boots Alliance
Archer Daniels Midland
Boeing
Caterpillar Inc.
State Farm Insurance
Abbott Laboratories
Sears Holdings
United Continental Holdings
Deere & Company
Mondelēz International
Allstate
McDonald's
Exelon
Kraft Heinz
Illinois Tool Works
Baxter International
Navistar International
RR Donnelley
CDW
Hillshire Brands
Discover Financial
W. W. Grainger
Motorola Solutions
Dover Corporation
Tenneco
Ingredion
Anixter
United Stationers
AbbVie
Old Republic International





Other major
public companies
(alphabetically)



ACCO Brands
Accretive Health
Allscripts
Amcol International Corporation
Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.
Brunswick Corporation
Calamos
Career Education Corporation
Catamaran Corporation
CBOE Holdings
CF Industries Holdings
CME Group
CNA Financial
Equity Residential
Fortune Brands Home & Security
General Growth Properties
Hospira
Hyatt Hotels Corp.
Integrys Energy Group
Jones Lang LaSalle
Kemper Corporation
Nalco Holding Company
Nicor
Northern Trust
RLI Corp.
Rubicon Technology
Stericycle
Telephone and Data Systems
Titan International
Tribune Media
Tronc
Tootsie Roll Industries
ULTA Beauty
US Foods
USG Corporation
Westell
Zebra Technologies





Other major
private companies
(alphabetically)



Ace Hardware
Baker & McKenzie
Blue Cross Blue Shield Association
Claire's
Country Financial
Danfoss Power Solutions
Dot Foods
Eby-Brown
Electro-Motive Diesel
Flex-N-Gate
Follett Corporation
Gardner Denver
Grant Thornton LLP
Health Care Service Corporation
Heico Cos.
Hendrickson International
Hub International
Jenner & Block
Kirkland & Ellis
Marmon Group
Mayer Brown
Medline Industries
Molex
Morton Salt
Nestlé Frozen Pizza
OSI Group
Pactiv
Reyes Holdings
Ryerson, Inc.
Sidley Austin
Skidmore, Owings & Merrill
Solo Cup Company
Tellabs
TransUnion
True Value
Wirtz Corporation





Related topics



Breweries in Illinois
Companies in the Chicago metropolitan area
Food manufacturers of Chicago
Newspapers in Illinois
Wineries in Illinois












v
t
e


Automotive industry in the United States






Automotive industry
Economy of the United States
Transportation in the United States





American vehicle
manufacturers
(list)



AGCO

Challenger Tractor
Massey Ferguson


AM General
American Expedition Vehicles
American Growler
Amp Electric Vehicles
Anteros Coachworks
Arcimoto
Armour Group, Inc.
ATK motorcycles
Aurica Motors
Autocar
Blue Bird
Boulder Electric Vehicle
Brammo
Brunton Stalker
Caterpillar
FCA US

Chrysler
Dodge
Jeep
Ram


CNH Industrial

Case CE
Case IH


Commuter Cars
Cushman
Cycle-Scoot
DeLorean
Chenowth Racing Products
Eagle Bus
Environmental Performance Vehicles
Equus
Elio Motors
Faraday Future
Fisker Inc.
Ford

Lincoln
SVT


General Dynamics Land Systems
General Motors

Buick
Cadillac
Chevrolet
GMC


Gillig
Glaval Bus
GreenTech
Harley-Davidson
HDT Global
Hennessey
HME
John Deere
Karma Automotive
Legacy
Local Motors
Lockheed Martin
Lingenfelter
Lenco Industries
Mack Trucks
Millennium Luxury Coaches
Morgan Olson
Mosler Automotive
MotoCzysz
Motor Coach Industries
Myers Motors
Navistar International

IC Bus
International


Nissan Commercial Vehicles
North American Bus Industries
Oka
Oshkosh

Pierce


Paccar

Kenworth
Peterbilt


Panoz
Phoenix Motorcars
Polaris Industries

Global Electric Motorcars
Indian
Victory


REV Group

Champion Bus
Collins
ElDorado National
E-One
Fleetwood
Goshen Coach
Holiday Rambler
Laymor
Wheeled Coach


Saleen
Shelby American
SSC North America
Starcraft Bus
Superformance
Tesla
Textron Marine & Land Systems
Trans Tech
TranStar Racing
Ultimaster
VIA Motors
Visionary Vehicles
Wheego Electric Cars
ZAP
Zimmer Motorcars





Foreign vehicle
manufacturers
with US operations



AB Volvo USA
BMW US Manufacturing Company
BYD Auto America
Changan USA
Daimler North America

Daimler Trucks North America

Thomas
Freightliner
Western Star




FAW Group USA
Fiat USA
FHI America
Honda of America

Acura


Hyundai USA
Isuzu America
Kia Motors America
Mazda America
Mitsubishi Motors North America
New Flyer Industries(1)

New Flyer
NABI
Motor Coach Industries


Nissan USA
Peugeot USA
SAIC Motor USA
Suzuki America
Toyota Motor Sales, U.S.A.

Lexus
Scion


Volkswagen Group of America
Wanxiang America





Active factories



BMW US Manufacturing Company
Fiat Chrysler factories
Ford factories
General Motors factories
Honda of America factories
Hyundai Motor Manufacturing Alabama
Kia Motors Manufacturing Georgia
Mercedes-Benz U.S. International
Nissan North America
Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc.
Tesla Factory
Toyota Motor Engineering & Manufacturing North America
Volkswagen Chattanooga Assembly Plant





Components companies



Allison
BorgWarner
Caterpillar
Cummins
Delphi
Detroit Diesel
Eaton
Firestone
Goodyear
Nexteer
Remy International
Timken
Torrington
Visteon





Insurance and finance
companies



Allstate

Ecompass Insurance
Esurance


Ally Financial
Erie Insurance Group
Farmers Insurance Group

21st Century Insurance
Farmers Insurance


GM Financial
GMAC Insurance
Kemper Direct
Progressive
Safe Auto
State Farm





Design studios



Calty Design Research
Designworks





By state



Massachusetts





Former manufacturers(2)



Coda
FMC





Defunct vehicle
manufacturers



Allis-Chalmers
American Austin
American LaFrance
American Motors

Hudson

Essex
Terraplane


Nash
Rambler


Armor Holdings
Armored Motor Car Company
Auburn Automobile
Avanti Motor Corporation
Avery
BMC
Carbon Motors Corporation
Checker Motors Corporation
Commonwealth
Cord
Case
CNH Global
Duesenberg
Durant

Flint
Locomobile
Mason
Rugby
Star


Excalibur
FCA US

Eagle
Plymouth
Street & Racing Technology (still used as a trim for dodge vehicles)


Fiberfab
Fitch Four Drive
Fisker Automotive
Fisker Coachbuild
Force Protection
Ford

Continental
Edsel
Mercury


General Motors

Cartercar
Elmore
GM Diesel
Geo
Hummer
LaSalle
Marquette
McLaughlin
Oakland
Oldsmobile
Pontiac
Saturn
Scripps-Booth
Sheridan
Viking
Yellow Coach


Green Vehicles
Grumman
Henney
International Harvester
Jeffery
Kaiser-Frazer

Allstate
Frazer
Henry J
Kaiser
Willys


Marathon Motor Works
Marmon

Roosevelt


Marvel Motors
Matbro
Mercer
Monaco Coach
Muntz Car Company
Oliver Farm Equipment
Packard
Peerless Motor Company
Pierce-Arrow
Sebring Vanguard
Sterling Trucks
Studebaker

Erskine
Rockne


Stutz
Twentieth Century Motor Car Corporation
United Defense
VL
White
Wildfire





Defunct factories



Brampton Assembly (AMC)
Diamond-Star Motors
Fiat Chrysler factories closed
Ford factories closed
General Motors factories closed
NUMMI
Packard Automotive Plant
Volkswagen Westmoreland Assembly





Related topics



AAA
Chicago Auto Show
Interstate Highway System
National Highway Traffic Safety Administration
New York International Auto Show
North American International Auto Show
SAE International








(1)Although New Flyer is Canadian, their Subsidiaries, NABI and Motor Coach Industries, are headquartered in the U.S.


(2)Former meaning the company is no longer in the automotive manufacturing business


 Category
 Portal










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=John_Deere&oldid=790547656"					
Categories: John Deere1837 establishments in IllinoisAgriculture companies of the United StatesCompanies based in Rock Island County, IllinoisCompanies based in the Quad CitiesCompanies established in 1837Companies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeConstruction equipment manufacturersDefense companies of the United StatesEngine manufacturersDiesel engine manufacturersEngineering vehiclesGarden tool manufacturersLawn and garden tractorsManufacturing companies based in IllinoisMoline, IllinoisPower tool manufacturersTractor manufacturers of the United StatesHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksArticles needing additional references from April 2017All articles needing additional referencesArticles using small message boxesAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from May 2015Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2014All articles containing potentially dated statementsArticles containing potentially dated statements from 2016Articles with unsourced statements from September 2013 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


AfrikaansالعربيةБългарскиCatalàČeštinaDanskDeutschEspañolEuskaraفارسیFrançaisGalego한국어HrvatskiBahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתKurdîNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålNorsk nynorskPlattdüütschPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийСаха тылаSlovenščinaSuomiSvenskaTürkçe中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 14 July 2017, at 13:16.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












John Deere - Wikipedia






















 






John Deere

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

This article is about the company. For the person, see John Deere (inventor). For the tractor, see List of John Deere tractors.

Deere & Company





John Deere World Headquarters in Moline, Illinois




Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: DE
S&P 500 Component


Industry
Heavy equipment


Founded
Grand Detour, Illinois
(1837; 180 years ago (1837))[1]


Founder
John Deere


Headquarters
Moline, Illinois, United States



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

Samuel R. Allen
(CEO and President)


Products
Agriculture, Construction, Forestry, Consumer & Commercial equipment, Diesel engines, Automobiles


Services
Financial services


Revenue
 US$26.644 billion (2016)[2]



Operating income

 US$2.988 billion (2016)[2]



Net income

 US$1.524 billion (2016)[2]


Total assets
 US$57.981 billion (2016)[2]


Total equity
 US$6.520 billion (2016)[2]



Number of employees

56,767 (2016)[2]


Website
www.deere.com


Deere & Company (brand name John Deere) is an American corporation that manufactures agricultural, construction, and forestry machinery, diesel engines, drivetrains (axles, transmissions, gearboxes) used in heavy equipment, and lawn care equipment. In 2016, it was listed as 97th in the Fortune 500 America's ranking and was ranked 364th in the global ranking in 2016.[3][4] John Deere also provides financial services and other related activities.
Deere is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol DE.[5] The company's slogan is "Nothing Runs Like a Deere", and its logo is a leaping deer, with the words 'JOHN DEERE' under it. The logo has been used by the company for over 155 years.



Contents


1 19th century
2 20th century
3 21st century
4 Products

4.1 Agricultural equipment
4.2 Construction equipment
4.3 Forestry equipment
4.4 Other products


5 Factories
6 Equipment divisions
7 Subsidiaries and affiliates

7.1 Current
7.2 Former


8 Pop culture
9 Sponsorships
10 Controversies
11 Green Magazine
12 See also
13 References
14 Further reading
15 External links



19th century[edit]



This section needs additional citations for verification. (April 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


Deere & Company began when John Deere, born in Rutland, Vermont, USA on February 7, 1804, moved to Grand Detour, Illinois in 1836 to escape bankruptcy in Vermont. Already an established blacksmith, Deere opened a 1,378-square-foot (128 m2) shop in Grand Detour in 1837, which allowed him to serve as a general repairman in the village, as well as a manufacturer of small tools such as pitchforks and shovels. Small tools production was just a start; the item that set him apart, was the self-scouring steel plow, which was pioneered in 1837 when John Deere fashioned a Scottish steel saw blade into a plow. Prior to Deere's steel plow, most farmers used iron or wooden plows to which the rich Midwestern soil stuck, so had to be cleaned frequently. The smooth-sided steel plow solved this problem, and greatly aided migration into the American Great Plains in the 19th and early 20th centuries.
The traditional way of doing business was to make the product as and when it was ordered. This style was very slow, As Deere realized that this was not going to be a viable business model, he increased the rate of production by manufacturing plows before putting them up for sale; this allowed customers to not only see what they were buying beforehand, but also allowed his customers to purchase his products straight away. Word of his products began to spread quickly.
In 1842, Deere entered a business partnership with Leonard Andrus and purchased land for the construction of a new, two-story factory along the Rock River in Illinois. This factory, named the "L. Andrus Plough Manufacturer", produced about 100 plows in 1842 and around 400 plows during the next year. Deere's partnership with Andrus ended in 1848, and Deere relocated to Moline, Illinois, to have access to the railroad and the Mississippi River. There, Deere formed a partnership with Robert Tate and John Gould and built a 1,440-square-foot (134 m2) factory the same year. Production rose quickly, and by 1849, the Deere, Tate & Gould Company was producing over 200 plows a month. A two-story addition to the plant was built, allowing further production.




Company logo used between 1876 and 1912


Deere bought out Tate and Gould's interests in the company in 1853, and was joined in the business by his son Charles Deere. At that time, the company was manufacturing a variety of farm equipment products in addition to plows, including wagons, corn planters, and cultivators. In 1857, the company's production totals reached almost 1,120 implements per month. In 1858, a nationwide financial recession took a toll on the company. To prevent bankruptcy, the company was reorganized and Deere sold his interests in the business to his son-in-law, Christopher Webber, and his son, Charles Deere, who would take on most of his father's managerial roles. John Deere served as president of the company until 1886. The company was reorganized again in 1868, when it was incorporated as Deere & Company. While the company's original stockholders were Charles Deere, Stephen Velie, George Vinton, and John Deere, Charles effectively ran the company. In 1869, Charles began to introduce marketing centers and independent retail dealers to advance the company's sales nationwide. This same year, Deere & Company won "Best and Greatest Display of Plows in Variety" at the 17th Annual Illinois State Fair, for which it won $10 and a Silver Medal.[6]
The core focus remained on the agricultural implements, but John Deere apparently also made a few bicycles in the 1890s.[citation needed]
20th century[edit]




John Deere Plow & Cultivators Co.'s New Orleans House, 1903


Increased competition during the early 1900s from the new International Harvester Company led the company to expand its offerings in the implement business, but the production of gasoline tractors came to define Deere & Company's operations during the 20th century.




Company logo used between 1912 and 1936


In 1912, Deere & Company president William Butterworth (Charles' son-in-law), who had replaced Charles Deere after his death in 1907, began the company's expansion into the tractor business. Deere & Company briefly experimented with its own tractor models, the most successful of which was the Dain All-Wheel-Drive, but in the end decided to continue its foray into the tractor business by purchasing the Waterloo Gasoline Engine Company in 1918, which manufactured the popular Waterloo Boy tractor at its facilities in Waterloo, Iowa. Deere & Company continued to sell tractors under the Waterloo Boy name until 1923, when the John Deere Model D was introduced. The company continues to manufacture a large percentage of its tractors in Waterloo, Iowa, namely the 7R, 8R, and 9R series.
The company produced its first combine harvester, the John Deere No. 2, in 1927. A year later, this innovation was followed up by the introduction of John Deere No. 1, a smaller machine that was more popular with customers. By 1929, the No. 1 and No. 2 were replaced by newer, lighter-weight harvesters. In the 1930s, John Deere and other farm equipment manufacturers began developing hillside harvesting technology. Harvesters now had the ability to effectively use their combines to harvest grain on hillsides with up to a 50% slope gradient.[7]
On an episode of the Travel Channel series Made in America that profiled Deere & Company, host John Ratzenberger stated that the company never repossessed any equipment from American farmers during the Great Depression.[8]
During World War II, the great-grandson of John Deere, Charles Deere Wiman, was president of the company, but he accepted a commission as a colonel in the U.S. Army. A replacement was hired and before returning to work at the company in late 1944, Wiman directed the farm machinery and equipment division of the War Production Board.[9] In addition to farm machinery, John Deere manufactured military tractors, and transmissions for the M3 tank. They also made aircraft parts, ammunition, and mobile laundry units to support the war effort.[10]
In 1947, John Deere introduced its first self-propelled combine, the model 55. It was soon followed by the smaller models 40 and 45, the larger model 95, and an even larger model 105 was introduced in the 1960s. In the mid-1950s, Deere introduced attachable corn heads, allowing crop producers to cut, shell, and clean corn in one smooth operation.[7]
In 1956, Deere & Company bought-out the German tractor manufacturer, Heinrich Lanz AG (see Lanz Bulldog).




A John Deere-Lanz 700 tractor


On August 30, 1960, John Deere dealers from around the world converged on Dallas, Texas, for an unprecedented product showcase. Deere Day in Dallas, as the event was called, introduced the world to the "New Generation of Power", the company’s first modern four-cylinder and six-cylinder tractors, during a day packed with high-tech presentations, live demonstrations, and a parking lot full of brand-new green and yellow machines. The line of tractors introduced that day was five years in the making, and the event itself took months to plan. Deere chose Dallas to host the event partly because it was home to facilities large enough to accommodate the 6,000 guests and the equipment they were all there to see. The Dallas Memorial Auditorium, the Texas State Fairgrounds Coliseum, the Cotton Bowl, and the Cotton Bowl parking lot were each the site of part of the event. During the event, a new John Deere tractor with a diamond-covered nameplate was displayed for all to see inside Neiman-Marcus, a popular Dallas-based department store.
According to information released by the company at the time of the event, John Deere dealers and key employees came to Dallas via the "largest commercial airlift of its type ever attempted." During the 24 hours leading up to the event, 16 airlines brought Deere employees and sales people from all over the United States and Canada to Love Field in Dallas. Bill Hewitt, then chairman and CEO of Deere & Company, welcomed the dealers and introduced the new tractors. Hewitt told the guests they were about to see "a line of entirely new tractors – completely modern in every respect – with outstanding features not duplicated in any other make of tractor."
Since entering the tractor business in 1918, John Deere had focused on two-cylinder machines. The New Generation of Power introduced at Deere Day in Dallas was very different from anything Deere had built before. The new line of four- and six-cylinder tractors, the models 1010, 2010, 3010, and 4010, were more far more powerful than Deere's two-cylinder models, and also easier and more comfortable to operate, with conveniently located controls, better visibility, and improved seat suspension. These new tractors were also easier to service.[11]
The 4010 was rated at 80 horsepower in 1960, but tested at 84 horsepower during testing trials, making it one of the most powerful two-wheel-drive farm tractors at that time. The 4010 was the predecessor to the 4020, which is widely regarded as the most popular tractor ever produced by John Deere, and perhaps any tractor manufacturer in the United States. Although the 4020, which was available with Deere's optional Power Shift, enjoyed greater popularity, the 4010 moved John Deere into the modern era of farm tractor technology and design following its successful history as a tractor manufacturer that was by the late 1950s experiencing waning market share due to its outdated technology.
In addition to the advanced engine technology, the "10" series tractors offered many other upgrades from the older two-cylinder models they replaced, including significantly higher horsepower-to-weight ratio, advanced hydraulics, more convenient and comfortable operator stations, and many other improvements. Of the "10" series John Deere tractors introduced in 1960, the 4010 was by far the most popular, with more than 58,000 units sold from 1960 to 1963. The success of the "10" series John Deere tractors, led by the 4010, helped propel John Deere from a 23% market share in 1959 to 34% by 1964 when the 4020 was introduced, making it the top manufacturer of farm equipment in the United States.[12][13][14]
In 1972, Deere introduced its new 'Sound Idea' tractors, the 4030, 4230, 4430, and 4630. While these tractors were mechanically similar to the New Generation tractors they replaced, and the 4230, 4430, and 4630 used a 404-cubic-inch displacement engine like the 4020, they featured redesigned sheet metal and most importantly they were available with an optional completely integrated operator's cab that John Deere called the Sound Gard body. This insulated cab that included a roll-over protective structure had a distinctive rounded windshield and came equipped with heat and air conditioning, as well as speakers for an optional radio. An 8-track tape player was also available as an option. The 5020 was replaced by the very similar 6030 and continued in production with New Generation styling until 1977 when the 30 Series tractors were replaced by Deere's 'Iron Horse' series that included the 90-hp 4040, 110-hp 4240, 130-hp 4440, 150-HP 4640, and 180-hp 4840. The 4240, 4440, 4640, and 4840 featured a new 466-cubic-inch displacement engine, and improvements to the cab including an optional hydraulic seat for a smoother ride. The Sound Gard body and Power Shift transmission were standard equipment on the 4840.
In 1983, Deere introduced the 4050, 4250, 4450, 4650, and 4850. These tractors were essentially the same machines as the Iron Horses they replaced, but with significant upgrades. They offered a new 15-speed Power Shift transmission, and were available with optional mechanical front-wheel drive featuring caster action for better traction and a tighter turning radius. They also featured cosmetic upgrades, including a new light brown cab interior, not the black interior on previous models. These tractors were followed by the mechanically similar 55 and 60 series tractors before they were replaced by the Deere's completely redesigned 7000 and 8000 series tractors in the early 1990s.
In the 1962 Illinois Manufacturers Directory (50th anniversary edition), John Deere, listed as Deere and Company, claimed a total work force of 35,000, of which 9,000 were in Illinois. The corporate headquarters were located at 1325 Third Ave. in Moline, Illinois, with six manufacturing plants located around that city and a seventh plant in Hoopston, Illinois. The six plants in Moline were listed as:

John Deere Harvester Works at 1100 - 13th Ave., East Moline, where 3,000 employees made agricultural implements
John Deere Industrial Equipment Works at 301 Third Ave., Moline, where 500 employees made earth-moving equipment
John Deere Malleable Works at 1335-13th Street, East Moline, where 600 employees made malleable and nodular iron castings
John Deere Planter Works at 501 Third Ave., Moline, where 1,000 employees made agricultural implements *John Deere Plow Works at 1225 Third Ave., Moline, where 1,100 employees made agricultural implements
John Deere Spreader Works at 1209-13th Ave., Moline where 800 employees made agricultural implements

The John Deere Vermilion Works was located at North Sixth Ave., Hoopston, Illinois, where 140 employees were listed as making iron work and implement parts. Moline, with 42,705 residents in 1962, had the local 7,000 employees of John Deere represent 16% of the city's entire population.[15]
In 1969, John Deere followed its New Generation tractors of the 1960s with a New Generation of combines. These included the 3300, 4400, 6600, and 7700. These models were also the first to come with Quik-Tatch header mounting capabilities as standard equipment. In the 1980s, these combines were followed by the 4420, 6620, 7720, and 8820 that were essentially updated and improved versions of the previous models with larger capacity, a nicer cab, and easier maintenance and service. The 4420 was discontinued in 1984 and replaced by the 4425 combine imported from Germany, and the 6620, 7720, and 8820 received the Titan II updates.
In 1989, Deere replaced the 6620, 7720, and 8820 with a new line of completely redesigned 'Maximizer' combines that included the 9400, 9500, and 9600 walker combines. These combines were completely redesigned and featured a center-mounted cab, rear-mounted engine, and more comforts in the cab. Also in 1989, Deere was inducted into the National Inventors Hall of Fame. In 1997, Deere celebrated 50 years of self-propelled combine production, and the 1997 models featured a 50th-anniversary decal. In 1998, the 9410, 9510, and 9610 were introduced. These were essentially the same machines, but with minor upgrades. Deere dealers offered '10 series' upgrades to owners of older 9000 series Maximizer combines. In 1999, Deere introduced the 50 series Maximizer combines. These machines featured significant cosmetic upgrades including a more streamlined appearance, improved ergonomics in the cab, PTO shaft-style header hook-up, and the larger models were available as rotary machines which were a complete departure from the combines that Deere had built in the past.[16]
In the late 1970s, International Harvester had pioneered rotary combines with their Axial flow machines, and were soon followed by other manufacturers, but Deere continued to build only conventional walker combines through the 1980s and 1990s. In 1999, John Deere introduced the Single-Tine Separation (STS) system on its 9550, 9650, and 9750 combines, representing a step forward in rotary combine technology. The STS system uses less horsepower and improves material handling.[7]
21st century[edit]
As of 2014[update], Deere & Company employed about 67,000 people worldwide, of which half are in the United States and Canada, and is the largest agriculture machinery company in the world. In August 2014, the company announced it was indefinitely laying off 600 of its workers at plants in Illinois, Iowa, and Kansas due to less demand for its products.[17] Inside the United States, the company's primary locations are its administrative center in Moline, Illinois, and manufacturing factories in central and southeastern United States.[18] As of 2016[update], the company experiments with an electric farm tractor.[19]
The logo of the leaping deer has been used by this company for over 155 years. Over the years, the logo has had minor changes and pieces removed. Some of the older style logos have the deer leaping over a log.[20][21] The company uses different logo colors for agricultural vs. construction products. The company's agricultural products are identifiable by a distinctive shade of green paint, with the inside border being yellow. While the construction products are identifiable by a shade of black with the deer being yellow, and the inside border also being yellow.
Products[edit]
John Deere manufactures a wide range of products, with several models of each in many cases.
Agricultural equipment[edit]
Agricultural products include, among others, tractors, combine harvesters, cotton harvesters, balers, planters/seeders, silage machines, and sprayers.
See also: List of John Deere tractors







Tractor









Tracked tractor (9630T)









FEL attachment









Combine









Forage harvester









Cotton picker









Sugarcane harvester









Seed drill









Field sprayer









Telescopic handler









Horse drawn manure spreader




Construction equipment[edit]
Construction equipment includes:







Excavator









Loader









Tracked loader









Backhoe









Skid-steer









Grader




Forestry equipment[edit]
John Deere manufactures a range of forestry machinery, among others, harvesters, forwarders, skidders. feller bunchers and log loaders. Timberjack is a subsidiary of John Deere since 2000.







Harvester









Forwarder









Skidder




Other products[edit]
The company manufactures lawn mowers and also is a manufacturer of consumer and commercial equipment, and snow throwers, as well as a supplier of diesel engines and powertrains (axles, transmissions, etc.) used especially in heavy equipment.[citation needed]
Other products were/are snowmobiles, all-terrain vehicles, and StarFire (a wide-area differential GPS).







Lawn mower









UTV (Gator)









Diesel engine




Factories[edit]




The John Deere Pavilion in Moline, Illinois






Horicon Works in Horicon, Wisconsin






John Deere factory in Mannheim, Germany






John Deere representatives at the Encuentro Empresarial Coparmex in Chihuahua, Mexico.






New John Deere tractors on a barge, Mannheim Harbour


Major North American factories include:

Harvester Works (large combine harvesters) East Moline, Illinois
Cylinder Internal Platform (hydraulic cylinders) Moline, Illinois
Seeding Group (planting equipment) Moline, Illinois and Valley City, North Dakota
Davenport Works (wheel loaders, motor graders, articulated dump trucks, wheeled forestry equipment) Davenport, Iowa
Dubuque Works (backhoes, crawlers, skid-steer loaders, tracked forestry equipment) Dubuque, Iowa
Des Moines Works (tillage equipment, cotton harvesters, sprayers) Ankeny, Iowa
Ottumwa Works (hay and forage equipment) Ottumwa, Iowa
Thibodaux Works (cane-harvesting equipment, scrapers) Thibodaux, Louisiana
Horicon Works (lawn and garden and turf care) Horicon, Wisconsin
Augusta Works (small commercial and agricultural tractors) Augusta, Georgia
Turf Care (specialty golf equipment and commercial mowing) Fuquay Varina, North Carolina
Industrias John Deere (agricultural tractors; construction equipment) (Monterrey, Mexico)
Motores John Deere (power systems; 6- and 4-cylinder engines, heavy-duty axles) Torreon, Mexico
Coffeyville Works (transmissions, pump drives, planetaries) Coffeyville, Kansas
Waterloo Works (tractor, cab, and assembly operations, drivetrain operations, foundry operations, service parts operations) Waterloo, Iowa
Power Systems and Engine Works (power systems and engines) Waterloo, Iowa

Other important factories:

John Deere Usine Saran (power systems), Fleury-les-Aubrais, France
John Deere Argentina (engines, tractors, and combine harvesters), Granadero Baigorria, Santa Fe, Argentina
John Deere Equipment Pvt Ltd (5000-series tractors) Pune, India
John Deere Equipment Pvt Ltd (5000-series tractors), Dewas, India
John Deere Electronic solutions, Pune, India
John Deere Harvester Works, Sirhind-Fategarh, India
John Deere Werke Mannheim (6000-series tractors), Mannheim, Germany
John Deere Brasil: Montenegro, Rio Grande do Sul (tractors), Horizontina - RS (harvesters and planters), Catalão - GO (sugarcane harvesters)
John Deere Werke Zweibrücken (harvesting equipment) Zweibrücken, Germany
John Deere Fabriek Horst (pulled and self-propelled agricultural sprayers) Horst, The Netherlands
John Deere Forestry Oy (forwarders, wheeled harvesters) Joensuu, Finland
John Deere Reman[22] remanufacturing components for off-highway vehicles: facilities in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada (cylinders, axles, transmissions, pumps, hydraulic and powertrain components) and Springfield, Missouri, USA (engines, fuel systems, turbochargers).
Sabo (consumer and commercial lawn equipment) Gummersbach, Germany





John Deere Combine harvesters being transported by railway on goods wagons in Tyrone, Pennsylvania, in the United States


Equipment divisions[edit]


Name
City/State
Country
Products
Division
Comments


Industrias John Deere Argentina S.A.
Santa Fe
Argentina
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Limited Parts Distribution Center
Derrimut, Victoria
Australia
 
Agriculture
 


Auteq Telematica S.A.
São Paulo
Brazil
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Brazil Ltda. - Unidade Catalão
Catalão (GO)
Brazil
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Brazil Ltda. - Unidade Horizontina
Horizontina (RS)
Brazil
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Brazil Ltda. - Unidade Montenegro
Montenegro (RS)
Brazil
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere (Harbin) Agriculture Machinery Co., Ltd.
Jiamusi, Heilongjiang
China
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere (Ningbo) Agriculture Machinery Co., Ltd.
Zhenhai District, Ningbo
China
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere (Tianjin) Agriculture Machinery Co., Ltd.
Tianjin
China
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Usine d'Arc-les-Gray, France
Gray Cedex
France
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere GmbH & Co. KG
Bruchsal
Germany
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere GmbH & Co. KG
Mannheim
Germany
 
Agriculture
 


Maschinenfabrik Kemper GmbH & Co.KG
Stadtlohn
Germany
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere GmbH & Co. KG
Zweibruecken
Germany
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Equipment Private Ltd.
Dist. Pune - 412208 Maharashtra
India
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere India Private Limited
Patiala Punjab 147 001
India
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere India Pvt. Ltd.
Dewas (Madhya Pradesh)
India
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere BH Works Ltd
Park Zvaim
Israel
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Cylinder Internal Platform
Ramos Arizpe, Coah.
Mexico
 
Agriculture
 


Industrias John Deere S.A. de C.V.
Monterrey, N.L.
Mexico
 
Agriculture
 


Industrias John Deere, S.A. de C.V.
Zona Centro, Saltillo, Coah.
Mexico
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Ramos
Ramos Arizpe, Coah.
Mexico
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Fabriek Horst B.V.
Horst
Netherlands
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Domodedovo
Domodedovo
Russia
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Orenburg
Orenburg
Russia
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Ibérica, S.
Madrid
Spain
 
Agriculture
 


The Vapormatic Company Ltd.
Exeter
United Kingdom
 
Agriculture
 


NavCom Technology, Inc.
Torrance, CA
United States
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Cylinder Internal Platform
Moline, IL
United States
Cylinder manufacturing
Agriculture
 


John Deere Harvester Works
East Moline, IL
United States
Large combine harvesters
Agriculture
 


John Deere Seeding Group
East Moline, IL
United States
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Des Moines Works
Ankeny, IA
United States
Sprayers, cotton harvesters, and tillage equipment
Agriculture
 


John Deere Ottumwa Works
Ottumwa, IA
United States
Baling technology
Agriculture
 


John Deere Paton
Paton, IA
United States
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Intelligent Solutions Group - Urbandale
Urbandale, IA
United States
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Waterloo Works - Tractor, Cab, and Assembly Operations
Waterloo, IA
United States
6R, 7R, 8R/8RT, and 9R/9RT Series tractors
Agriculture
 


John Deere Waterloo Works - Drivetrain Operations
Waterloo, IA
United States
Transmissions, drives, and axle machining and assembly
Agriculture
 


John Deere Waterloo Works - Service Parts Operations
Waterloo, IA
United States
Tractor service parts
Agriculture
 


John Deere Waterloo Works - Foundry Operations
Waterloo, IA
United States
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Thibodaux
Thibodaux, LA
United States
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Seeding Group
Valley City, ND
United States
 
Agriculture
 


Waratah Forestry Equipment Pty. Ltd
Melton, Victoria
Australia
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Brazil Ltda.
Lado Direito Indaiatuba – São Paulo
Brazil
 
Construction and forestry
 


Deere Hitachi
Indaiatuba, São Paulo
Brazil
 
Construction and forestry
 


Deere-Hitachi Specialty Products (DHSP) — Langley
Langley, British Columbia
Canada
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Reman — Edmonton
Alberta
Canada
 
Construction and forestry
 


Waratah Forestry Equipment Canada, Ltd.
Kamloops, BC
Canada
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere (Tianjin) Company Limited
Tianjin
China
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Forestry — Joensuu, Finland
Joensuu
Finland
 
Construction and forestry
 


Waratah OM Oy
Joensuu, Finland
Finland
 
Construction and forestry
 


Ashok Leyland John Deere Construction Equipment Pvt. Ltd.
Tamil Nadu
India
 
Construction and forestry
 


Industrias John Deere S.A. de C.V.
Garza Garcia, Nuevo Leon
Mexico
 
Construction and forestry
 


Waratah NZ Ltd.
Tokoroa Waikato
New Zealand
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Domodedovo
Moscow
Russia
 
Construction and forestry
 


Bell Equipment Limited
Empangeni
South Africa
 
Construction and forestry
 


Waratah Forestry Attachment, LLC.
Peachtree City, GA
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Construction & Forestry Company
Moline, IL
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Davenport Works
Davenport, IA
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Training Center - Davenport
Davenport, IA
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Dubuque Works
Dubuque, IA
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Reman — Springfield
Springfield, MO
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


Deere-Hitachi Construction Machinery Corp.
Kernersville, NC
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


Waratah Forestry Attachment, LLC
Kelso, WA
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


SABO - Maschinenfabrik GmbH
Gummersbach
Germany
 
Turf
 


John Deere Commercial Products
Grovetown, GA
United States
 
Turf
 


John Deere Turf Care
Fuquay-Varina, NC
United States
 
Turf
 


John Deere Training Center - Morrisville
Morrisville, NC
United States
 
Turf
 


Transaxle Manufacturing of America Corporation
Rock Hill, SC
United States
 
Turf
 


John Deere Power Products
Greeneville, TN
United States
 
Turf
 


John Deere Horicon Works
Horicon, WI
United States
 
Turf
 


Subsidiaries and affiliates[edit]
Current[edit]

AGRIS Corporation (John Deere Agri Services)




John Deere 8530 tractor with Kinze 3700 planter



John Deere Ag Management Solutions (intelligent mobile equipment technologies) Urbandale, Iowa
John Deere Capital Corporation
John Deere Financial[23] (John Deere Credit and Finance) Johnston, Iowa.
Kemper (row tolerant headers for forage harvesters and combines) Stadtlohn, Germany
Waratah Forestry Attachments (forestry harvesting heads) Tokoroa, New Zealand
Agreentech
NavCom Technology, Inc. (precision positioning systems, see also StarFire) Torrance, California
John Deere Electronic Solutions (Ruggedized electronics) Fargo, North Dakota
Ningbo Benye Tractor & Automobile Manufacture Co. Ltd. (low HP tractors) Ningbo, China
Machinefinder (used equipment division and marketplace)
John Deere Technology Innovation Center located in Research Park, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign
QCFS and Consolidating (attachment distribution center) Davenport, IA

Former[edit]

John Deere Renewables, LLC, a wind energy plant manufacturing arm which represented John Deere's extension into the renewable energy industry - under which it had successfully completed 36 projects in eight US states - was sold to Exelon Energy in August 2010.[24]

Pop culture[edit]

Joe Diffie released a song in 1993 called "John Deere Green", a top-five hit.
Kenny Chesney released a song in 1999 called "She Thinks my Tractor's Sexy" referencing John Deere Tractors, saying "She ain't into cars or pick up trucks,

But if it runs like a Deere, man, her eyes light up"

George Jones famously drove a John Deere lawn tractor to a liquor store after his wife had taken away his car keys to keep him from driving drunk. The incident was later memorialized as part of country music lore in numerous songs and videos, including Jones’ own “Honky Tonk Song” in 1996. Twelve years earlier, the video for Hank Williams Jr.’s “All My Rowdy Friends Are Coming Over Tonight” featured George Jones riding a lawnmower. Vince Gill’s 1993 hit “One More Last Chance” includes the line, “She might have took my car keys, but she forgot about my old John Deere.” The video ends with Gill on a John Deere tractor passing Jones on a John Deere lawnmower. The video for John Rich’s “Country Done Come to Town” also features Jones on a riding lawnmower.[25]

Sponsorships[edit]

The John Deere Classic is an American professional golf tournament sponsored by the company.
John Deere sponsored the #23 and #97 cars for NASCAR driver Chad Little in the late 1990s.[26]

Controversies[edit]
Some groups, including the Electronic Frontier Foundation,[27][28] have taken issue with the fact that John Deere's license covering the internal software on tractor control computers does not allow them to modify the software and that John Deere claims doing so would be DMCA forbidden bypassing of DRM.[29] John Deere locks tractors digitally under usage of the DMCA DRM-law to prevent the DIY repairing by the owning farmers, stating safety concerns as reason.[30]
Green Magazine[edit]
Green Magazine is a publication devoted to John Deere enthusiasts[31][32] which began in November 1984 by Richard and Carol Hain of Bee, Nebraska. The first issue mailed in early November 1984 to 135 paid subscribers consisted of 10 black and white pages with features on tractors, letters from readers, and advertisements.[33] At the time, the magazine was published bimonthly. The writing was done in Lincoln, Nebraska, and it was mailed from the Bee, Nebraska, post office. The magazine grew rapidly, and in 1990, bowing to public demand, the magazine became a monthly. Circulation continued to increase, and at the current time hovers around 30,000. The magazine now generally contains 88 full-color pages and is perfect bound. It is now printed in Michigan and mailed from several different post offices throughout the country.
Current content usually includes a "Tip of the Month" article covering New Generation restoration written by Dan Brotzman, a "Youngtimer" article written by Tyler Buchheit, "Shop Talk" by Ron and JoAnn O'Neill, "Saw it On eBay" by Adam Smith and Benjamin Hain, "Scale Models" by Bill Proft, "What's New and Old" by Greg Stephen, "Feature Model" by Benjamin Hain, "Do You Have One of These" by Richard Hain, and "Mr. Thinker", which is said to be written by "a variety of experts".
See also[edit]


Companies portal
Agriculture and Agronomy portal



John Deere World Headquarters
List of John Deere tractors
John Deere Buck

References[edit]


^ VanderMey, Anne (February 25, 2013). "John Deere Plows Ahead". Fortune. 167 (3): 19. 
^ a b c d e f https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/DE/financials?p=DE
^ "Fortune 500". Fortune. Retrieved 2016-08-31. 
^ "Global 500". Fortune. Retrieved 2016-08-31. 
^ https://www.nyse.com/quote/XNYS:DE, retrieved 2014-07-22.
^ Reynolds, John P. "Transactions of the Illinois State Agricultural Society, with Reports from County and District Agricultural Societies", Illinois Journal Printing Office, 1871, pg. 43,
^ a b c "A Brief Look at John Deere Combine History: 86 Years of Evolution". blog.machinefinder.com. Retrieved 2016-02-07. 
^ Pure genius: the inventor's hall of fame. Independent.co.uk (2008-02-22). Retrieved on 2011-01-03.
^ "John Deere War Hero's Recognized for Patriotism". blog.machinefinder.com. Retrieved 2016-02-07. 
^ "Agricultural Machinery during the 1940s". livinghistoryfarm.org. Retrieved 2016-02-07. 
^ "A Big Day for Deere" (PDF). The Plowshare. 14: 1–6. 27 March 2009. Retrieved 2016-02-07. 
^ Peter Easterlund. "TractorData.com John Deere 4010 tractor information". tractordata.com. 
^ "Archived copy". Archived from the original on 2015-06-22. Retrieved 2016-01-11. 
^ "John Deere 4010". agriculture.com. 
^ Illinois Manufacturers Directory, Manufacturers' News, Inc. Chicago, IL, copyright 1962, p. 1503, 1594–1595
^ http://farmindustrynews.com/show-me-rotaries
^ "Hit by weak crop prices Deere to lay off 600 manufacturing staff". Chicago Chronicle. 15 August 2014. Retrieved 2014-08-15. 
^ John Deere worldwide
^ "John Deere unveils latest all-electric tractor prototype for zero-emission agriculture". Electrek. 5 December 2016. Retrieved 5 December 2016. 
^ "John Deere History". www.deere.com. Retrieved 2015-04-06. 
^ History of the John Deere Trademark Trademarks
^ John Deere Reman Homepage Archived 2009-07-24 at the Wayback Machine.. Deere.com (2009-03-20). Retrieved on 2011-01-03.
^ John Deere Credit is your source for equipment financing solutions - John Deere Credit, U.S.A Archived 2008-12-09 at the Wayback Machine.. Deere.com. Retrieved on 2011-01-03.
^ Deere Reaches Agreement for Sale of Wind Energy Business. Deere.com (2010-08-31). Retrieved on 2011-01-03.
^ http://www.savingcountrymusic.com/george-jones-his-notorious-riding-lawnmower/
^ "Chad Little Sprint Cup All Star race results". Racing Reference. Retrieved 2014-06-09. 
^ Automakers Say You Don’t Really Own Your Car on eff.org (April 2015)
^ John Deere Really Doesn’t Want You to Own That Tractor on eff.org by Kit Walsh (December 20, 2016)
^ Wiens, Kyle (21 April 2015). "We Can’t Let John Deere Destroy the Very Idea of Ownership". Wired. Retrieved 2015-04-27. 
^ Sydell, Laura (2015-08-17). "DIY Tractor Repair Runs Afoul Of Copyright Law". npr.com. Retrieved 2015-08-31. And the little computer screen lets him know when something is wrong. Unfortunately, Alford isn't allowed to fix it. John Deere has a digital lock on the software that runs his tractor. And it won't give him the key. [...] The company went on to say that unqualified individuals could endanger customer safety. 
^ "John Deere Two-Cylinder Tractor Buyer's Guide". 
^ "Standard Catalog of John Deere Tractors 1st". 
^ Mary Lou Montgomery. "John Deere heritage runs deep on Missouri farm". Neosho Daily News. Retrieved 2015-06-04. 


Further reading[edit]

Broehl, Wayne G., Jr. (1984). John Deere's Company: A History of Deere & Company and Its Times. New York City: Doubleday. ISBN 9780385196642. OCLC 10606276. 
Dahlstrom, Jeremy; Dahlstrom, Neil (2005). The John Deere Story: A Biography of Plowmakers John & Charles Deere. Dekalb, Illinois: Northern Illinois University Press. ISBN 9780875803364. OCLC 56753352. 
Kendall, Edward C. (1959). John Deere's Steel Plow. Washington, D.C.: Smithsonian Institution. OCLC 3302873. 

External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to John Deere.



Official website
Green Magazine
John Deere at RitchieWiki, the Equipment Wiki



Business data for John Deere: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings










v
t
e


John Deere



Vehicles



4020 Tractor
5220 Tractor
9630 Tractor
Buck ATV
DB120 Planter
Gator ATV
Military Robot
Snowmobiles
Other Tractors





Divisions



Chamberlain (Australia)
Lanz Bulldog (Germany)
Matbro Forklifts
Nortrax Heavy Equipment
StarFire GPS
Timberjack Forestry





People



John Deere
Hans W. Becherer
John Rusling Block
George Peek





Other



Country Song
Golf Tournament
Museum
Pavilion
Supreme Court Case
TV Show
Video Game
World Headquarters












v
t
e


Illinois-based corporations



Fortune 500
corporations
(by size–2013)



Walgreens Boots Alliance
Archer Daniels Midland
Boeing
Caterpillar Inc.
State Farm Insurance
Abbott Laboratories
Sears Holdings
United Continental Holdings
Deere & Company
Mondelēz International
Allstate
McDonald's
Exelon
Kraft Heinz
Illinois Tool Works
Baxter International
Navistar International
RR Donnelley
CDW
Hillshire Brands
Discover Financial
W. W. Grainger
Motorola Solutions
Dover Corporation
Tenneco
Ingredion
Anixter
United Stationers
AbbVie
Old Republic International





Other major
public companies
(alphabetically)



ACCO Brands
Accretive Health
Allscripts
Amcol International Corporation
Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.
Brunswick Corporation
Calamos
Career Education Corporation
Catamaran Corporation
CBOE Holdings
CF Industries Holdings
CME Group
CNA Financial
Equity Residential
Fortune Brands Home & Security
General Growth Properties
Hospira
Hyatt Hotels Corp.
Integrys Energy Group
Jones Lang LaSalle
Kemper Corporation
Nalco Holding Company
Nicor
Northern Trust
RLI Corp.
Rubicon Technology
Stericycle
Telephone and Data Systems
Titan International
Tribune Media
Tronc
Tootsie Roll Industries
ULTA Beauty
US Foods
USG Corporation
Westell
Zebra Technologies





Other major
private companies
(alphabetically)



Ace Hardware
Baker & McKenzie
Blue Cross Blue Shield Association
Claire's
Country Financial
Danfoss Power Solutions
Dot Foods
Eby-Brown
Electro-Motive Diesel
Flex-N-Gate
Follett Corporation
Gardner Denver
Grant Thornton LLP
Health Care Service Corporation
Heico Cos.
Hendrickson International
Hub International
Jenner & Block
Kirkland & Ellis
Marmon Group
Mayer Brown
Medline Industries
Molex
Morton Salt
Nestlé Frozen Pizza
OSI Group
Pactiv
Reyes Holdings
Ryerson, Inc.
Sidley Austin
Skidmore, Owings & Merrill
Solo Cup Company
Tellabs
TransUnion
True Value
Wirtz Corporation





Related topics



Breweries in Illinois
Companies in the Chicago metropolitan area
Food manufacturers of Chicago
Newspapers in Illinois
Wineries in Illinois












v
t
e


Automotive industry in the United States






Automotive industry
Economy of the United States
Transportation in the United States





American vehicle
manufacturers
(list)



AGCO

Challenger Tractor
Massey Ferguson


AM General
American Expedition Vehicles
American Growler
Amp Electric Vehicles
Anteros Coachworks
Arcimoto
Armour Group, Inc.
ATK motorcycles
Aurica Motors
Autocar
Blue Bird
Boulder Electric Vehicle
Brammo
Brunton Stalker
Caterpillar
FCA US

Chrysler
Dodge
Jeep
Ram


CNH Industrial

Case CE
Case IH


Commuter Cars
Cushman
Cycle-Scoot
DeLorean
Chenowth Racing Products
Eagle Bus
Environmental Performance Vehicles
Equus
Elio Motors
Faraday Future
Fisker Inc.
Ford

Lincoln
SVT


General Dynamics Land Systems
General Motors

Buick
Cadillac
Chevrolet
GMC


Gillig
Glaval Bus
GreenTech
Harley-Davidson
HDT Global
Hennessey
HME
John Deere
Karma Automotive
Legacy
Local Motors
Lockheed Martin
Lingenfelter
Lenco Industries
Mack Trucks
Millennium Luxury Coaches
Morgan Olson
Mosler Automotive
MotoCzysz
Motor Coach Industries
Myers Motors
Navistar International

IC Bus
International


Nissan Commercial Vehicles
North American Bus Industries
Oka
Oshkosh

Pierce


Paccar

Kenworth
Peterbilt


Panoz
Phoenix Motorcars
Polaris Industries

Global Electric Motorcars
Indian
Victory


REV Group

Champion Bus
Collins
ElDorado National
E-One
Fleetwood
Goshen Coach
Holiday Rambler
Laymor
Wheeled Coach


Saleen
Shelby American
SSC North America
Starcraft Bus
Superformance
Tesla
Textron Marine & Land Systems
Trans Tech
TranStar Racing
Ultimaster
VIA Motors
Visionary Vehicles
Wheego Electric Cars
ZAP
Zimmer Motorcars





Foreign vehicle
manufacturers
with US operations



AB Volvo USA
BMW US Manufacturing Company
BYD Auto America
Changan USA
Daimler North America

Daimler Trucks North America

Thomas
Freightliner
Western Star




FAW Group USA
Fiat USA
FHI America
Honda of America

Acura


Hyundai USA
Isuzu America
Kia Motors America
Mazda America
Mitsubishi Motors North America
New Flyer Industries(1)

New Flyer
NABI
Motor Coach Industries


Nissan USA
Peugeot USA
SAIC Motor USA
Suzuki America
Toyota Motor Sales, U.S.A.

Lexus
Scion


Volkswagen Group of America
Wanxiang America





Active factories



BMW US Manufacturing Company
Fiat Chrysler factories
Ford factories
General Motors factories
Honda of America factories
Hyundai Motor Manufacturing Alabama
Kia Motors Manufacturing Georgia
Mercedes-Benz U.S. International
Nissan North America
Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc.
Tesla Factory
Toyota Motor Engineering & Manufacturing North America
Volkswagen Chattanooga Assembly Plant





Components companies



Allison
BorgWarner
Caterpillar
Cummins
Delphi
Detroit Diesel
Eaton
Firestone
Goodyear
Nexteer
Remy International
Timken
Torrington
Visteon





Insurance and finance
companies



Allstate

Ecompass Insurance
Esurance


Ally Financial
Erie Insurance Group
Farmers Insurance Group

21st Century Insurance
Farmers Insurance


GM Financial
GMAC Insurance
Kemper Direct
Progressive
Safe Auto
State Farm





Design studios



Calty Design Research
Designworks





By state



Massachusetts





Former manufacturers(2)



Coda
FMC





Defunct vehicle
manufacturers



Allis-Chalmers
American Austin
American LaFrance
American Motors

Hudson

Essex
Terraplane


Nash
Rambler


Armor Holdings
Armored Motor Car Company
Auburn Automobile
Avanti Motor Corporation
Avery
BMC
Carbon Motors Corporation
Checker Motors Corporation
Commonwealth
Cord
Case
CNH Global
Duesenberg
Durant

Flint
Locomobile
Mason
Rugby
Star


Excalibur
FCA US

Eagle
Plymouth
Street & Racing Technology (still used as a trim for dodge vehicles)


Fiberfab
Fitch Four Drive
Fisker Automotive
Fisker Coachbuild
Force Protection
Ford

Continental
Edsel
Mercury


General Motors

Cartercar
Elmore
GM Diesel
Geo
Hummer
LaSalle
Marquette
McLaughlin
Oakland
Oldsmobile
Pontiac
Saturn
Scripps-Booth
Sheridan
Viking
Yellow Coach


Green Vehicles
Grumman
Henney
International Harvester
Jeffery
Kaiser-Frazer

Allstate
Frazer
Henry J
Kaiser
Willys


Marathon Motor Works
Marmon

Roosevelt


Marvel Motors
Matbro
Mercer
Monaco Coach
Muntz Car Company
Oliver Farm Equipment
Packard
Peerless Motor Company
Pierce-Arrow
Sebring Vanguard
Sterling Trucks
Studebaker

Erskine
Rockne


Stutz
Twentieth Century Motor Car Corporation
United Defense
VL
White
Wildfire





Defunct factories



Brampton Assembly (AMC)
Diamond-Star Motors
Fiat Chrysler factories closed
Ford factories closed
General Motors factories closed
NUMMI
Packard Automotive Plant
Volkswagen Westmoreland Assembly





Related topics



AAA
Chicago Auto Show
Interstate Highway System
National Highway Traffic Safety Administration
New York International Auto Show
North American International Auto Show
SAE International








(1)Although New Flyer is Canadian, their Subsidiaries, NABI and Motor Coach Industries, are headquartered in the U.S.


(2)Former meaning the company is no longer in the automotive manufacturing business


 Category
 Portal










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=John_Deere&oldid=790547656"					
Categories: John Deere1837 establishments in IllinoisAgriculture companies of the United StatesCompanies based in Rock Island County, IllinoisCompanies based in the Quad CitiesCompanies established in 1837Companies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeConstruction equipment manufacturersDefense companies of the United StatesEngine manufacturersDiesel engine manufacturersEngineering vehiclesGarden tool manufacturersLawn and garden tractorsManufacturing companies based in IllinoisMoline, IllinoisPower tool manufacturersTractor manufacturers of the United StatesHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksArticles needing additional references from April 2017All articles needing additional referencesArticles using small message boxesAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from May 2015Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2014All articles containing potentially dated statementsArticles containing potentially dated statements from 2016Articles with unsourced statements from September 2013 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


AfrikaansالعربيةБългарскиCatalàČeštinaDanskDeutschEspañolEuskaraفارسیFrançaisGalego한국어HrvatskiBahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתKurdîNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålNorsk nynorskPlattdüütschPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийСаха тылаSlovenščinaSuomiSvenskaTürkçe中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 14 July 2017, at 13:16.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









John Deere - Wikipedia






















 






John Deere

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

This article is about the company. For the person, see John Deere (inventor). For the tractor, see List of John Deere tractors.

Deere & Company





John Deere World Headquarters in Moline, Illinois




Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: DE
S&P 500 Component


Industry
Heavy equipment


Founded
Grand Detour, Illinois
(1837; 180 years ago (1837))[1]


Founder
John Deere


Headquarters
Moline, Illinois, United States



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

Samuel R. Allen
(CEO and President)


Products
Agriculture, Construction, Forestry, Consumer & Commercial equipment, Diesel engines, Automobiles


Services
Financial services


Revenue
 US$26.644 billion (2016)[2]



Operating income

 US$2.988 billion (2016)[2]



Net income

 US$1.524 billion (2016)[2]


Total assets
 US$57.981 billion (2016)[2]


Total equity
 US$6.520 billion (2016)[2]



Number of employees

56,767 (2016)[2]


Website
www.deere.com


Deere & Company (brand name John Deere) is an American corporation that manufactures agricultural, construction, and forestry machinery, diesel engines, drivetrains (axles, transmissions, gearboxes) used in heavy equipment, and lawn care equipment. In 2016, it was listed as 97th in the Fortune 500 America's ranking and was ranked 364th in the global ranking in 2016.[3][4] John Deere also provides financial services and other related activities.
Deere is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol DE.[5] The company's slogan is "Nothing Runs Like a Deere", and its logo is a leaping deer, with the words 'JOHN DEERE' under it. The logo has been used by the company for over 155 years.



Contents


1 19th century
2 20th century
3 21st century
4 Products

4.1 Agricultural equipment
4.2 Construction equipment
4.3 Forestry equipment
4.4 Other products


5 Factories
6 Equipment divisions
7 Subsidiaries and affiliates

7.1 Current
7.2 Former


8 Pop culture
9 Sponsorships
10 Controversies
11 Green Magazine
12 See also
13 References
14 Further reading
15 External links



19th century[edit]



This section needs additional citations for verification. (April 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


Deere & Company began when John Deere, born in Rutland, Vermont, USA on February 7, 1804, moved to Grand Detour, Illinois in 1836 to escape bankruptcy in Vermont. Already an established blacksmith, Deere opened a 1,378-square-foot (128 m2) shop in Grand Detour in 1837, which allowed him to serve as a general repairman in the village, as well as a manufacturer of small tools such as pitchforks and shovels. Small tools production was just a start; the item that set him apart, was the self-scouring steel plow, which was pioneered in 1837 when John Deere fashioned a Scottish steel saw blade into a plow. Prior to Deere's steel plow, most farmers used iron or wooden plows to which the rich Midwestern soil stuck, so had to be cleaned frequently. The smooth-sided steel plow solved this problem, and greatly aided migration into the American Great Plains in the 19th and early 20th centuries.
The traditional way of doing business was to make the product as and when it was ordered. This style was very slow, As Deere realized that this was not going to be a viable business model, he increased the rate of production by manufacturing plows before putting them up for sale; this allowed customers to not only see what they were buying beforehand, but also allowed his customers to purchase his products straight away. Word of his products began to spread quickly.
In 1842, Deere entered a business partnership with Leonard Andrus and purchased land for the construction of a new, two-story factory along the Rock River in Illinois. This factory, named the "L. Andrus Plough Manufacturer", produced about 100 plows in 1842 and around 400 plows during the next year. Deere's partnership with Andrus ended in 1848, and Deere relocated to Moline, Illinois, to have access to the railroad and the Mississippi River. There, Deere formed a partnership with Robert Tate and John Gould and built a 1,440-square-foot (134 m2) factory the same year. Production rose quickly, and by 1849, the Deere, Tate & Gould Company was producing over 200 plows a month. A two-story addition to the plant was built, allowing further production.




Company logo used between 1876 and 1912


Deere bought out Tate and Gould's interests in the company in 1853, and was joined in the business by his son Charles Deere. At that time, the company was manufacturing a variety of farm equipment products in addition to plows, including wagons, corn planters, and cultivators. In 1857, the company's production totals reached almost 1,120 implements per month. In 1858, a nationwide financial recession took a toll on the company. To prevent bankruptcy, the company was reorganized and Deere sold his interests in the business to his son-in-law, Christopher Webber, and his son, Charles Deere, who would take on most of his father's managerial roles. John Deere served as president of the company until 1886. The company was reorganized again in 1868, when it was incorporated as Deere & Company. While the company's original stockholders were Charles Deere, Stephen Velie, George Vinton, and John Deere, Charles effectively ran the company. In 1869, Charles began to introduce marketing centers and independent retail dealers to advance the company's sales nationwide. This same year, Deere & Company won "Best and Greatest Display of Plows in Variety" at the 17th Annual Illinois State Fair, for which it won $10 and a Silver Medal.[6]
The core focus remained on the agricultural implements, but John Deere apparently also made a few bicycles in the 1890s.[citation needed]
20th century[edit]




John Deere Plow & Cultivators Co.'s New Orleans House, 1903


Increased competition during the early 1900s from the new International Harvester Company led the company to expand its offerings in the implement business, but the production of gasoline tractors came to define Deere & Company's operations during the 20th century.




Company logo used between 1912 and 1936


In 1912, Deere & Company president William Butterworth (Charles' son-in-law), who had replaced Charles Deere after his death in 1907, began the company's expansion into the tractor business. Deere & Company briefly experimented with its own tractor models, the most successful of which was the Dain All-Wheel-Drive, but in the end decided to continue its foray into the tractor business by purchasing the Waterloo Gasoline Engine Company in 1918, which manufactured the popular Waterloo Boy tractor at its facilities in Waterloo, Iowa. Deere & Company continued to sell tractors under the Waterloo Boy name until 1923, when the John Deere Model D was introduced. The company continues to manufacture a large percentage of its tractors in Waterloo, Iowa, namely the 7R, 8R, and 9R series.
The company produced its first combine harvester, the John Deere No. 2, in 1927. A year later, this innovation was followed up by the introduction of John Deere No. 1, a smaller machine that was more popular with customers. By 1929, the No. 1 and No. 2 were replaced by newer, lighter-weight harvesters. In the 1930s, John Deere and other farm equipment manufacturers began developing hillside harvesting technology. Harvesters now had the ability to effectively use their combines to harvest grain on hillsides with up to a 50% slope gradient.[7]
On an episode of the Travel Channel series Made in America that profiled Deere & Company, host John Ratzenberger stated that the company never repossessed any equipment from American farmers during the Great Depression.[8]
During World War II, the great-grandson of John Deere, Charles Deere Wiman, was president of the company, but he accepted a commission as a colonel in the U.S. Army. A replacement was hired and before returning to work at the company in late 1944, Wiman directed the farm machinery and equipment division of the War Production Board.[9] In addition to farm machinery, John Deere manufactured military tractors, and transmissions for the M3 tank. They also made aircraft parts, ammunition, and mobile laundry units to support the war effort.[10]
In 1947, John Deere introduced its first self-propelled combine, the model 55. It was soon followed by the smaller models 40 and 45, the larger model 95, and an even larger model 105 was introduced in the 1960s. In the mid-1950s, Deere introduced attachable corn heads, allowing crop producers to cut, shell, and clean corn in one smooth operation.[7]
In 1956, Deere & Company bought-out the German tractor manufacturer, Heinrich Lanz AG (see Lanz Bulldog).




A John Deere-Lanz 700 tractor


On August 30, 1960, John Deere dealers from around the world converged on Dallas, Texas, for an unprecedented product showcase. Deere Day in Dallas, as the event was called, introduced the world to the "New Generation of Power", the company’s first modern four-cylinder and six-cylinder tractors, during a day packed with high-tech presentations, live demonstrations, and a parking lot full of brand-new green and yellow machines. The line of tractors introduced that day was five years in the making, and the event itself took months to plan. Deere chose Dallas to host the event partly because it was home to facilities large enough to accommodate the 6,000 guests and the equipment they were all there to see. The Dallas Memorial Auditorium, the Texas State Fairgrounds Coliseum, the Cotton Bowl, and the Cotton Bowl parking lot were each the site of part of the event. During the event, a new John Deere tractor with a diamond-covered nameplate was displayed for all to see inside Neiman-Marcus, a popular Dallas-based department store.
According to information released by the company at the time of the event, John Deere dealers and key employees came to Dallas via the "largest commercial airlift of its type ever attempted." During the 24 hours leading up to the event, 16 airlines brought Deere employees and sales people from all over the United States and Canada to Love Field in Dallas. Bill Hewitt, then chairman and CEO of Deere & Company, welcomed the dealers and introduced the new tractors. Hewitt told the guests they were about to see "a line of entirely new tractors – completely modern in every respect – with outstanding features not duplicated in any other make of tractor."
Since entering the tractor business in 1918, John Deere had focused on two-cylinder machines. The New Generation of Power introduced at Deere Day in Dallas was very different from anything Deere had built before. The new line of four- and six-cylinder tractors, the models 1010, 2010, 3010, and 4010, were more far more powerful than Deere's two-cylinder models, and also easier and more comfortable to operate, with conveniently located controls, better visibility, and improved seat suspension. These new tractors were also easier to service.[11]
The 4010 was rated at 80 horsepower in 1960, but tested at 84 horsepower during testing trials, making it one of the most powerful two-wheel-drive farm tractors at that time. The 4010 was the predecessor to the 4020, which is widely regarded as the most popular tractor ever produced by John Deere, and perhaps any tractor manufacturer in the United States. Although the 4020, which was available with Deere's optional Power Shift, enjoyed greater popularity, the 4010 moved John Deere into the modern era of farm tractor technology and design following its successful history as a tractor manufacturer that was by the late 1950s experiencing waning market share due to its outdated technology.
In addition to the advanced engine technology, the "10" series tractors offered many other upgrades from the older two-cylinder models they replaced, including significantly higher horsepower-to-weight ratio, advanced hydraulics, more convenient and comfortable operator stations, and many other improvements. Of the "10" series John Deere tractors introduced in 1960, the 4010 was by far the most popular, with more than 58,000 units sold from 1960 to 1963. The success of the "10" series John Deere tractors, led by the 4010, helped propel John Deere from a 23% market share in 1959 to 34% by 1964 when the 4020 was introduced, making it the top manufacturer of farm equipment in the United States.[12][13][14]
In 1972, Deere introduced its new 'Sound Idea' tractors, the 4030, 4230, 4430, and 4630. While these tractors were mechanically similar to the New Generation tractors they replaced, and the 4230, 4430, and 4630 used a 404-cubic-inch displacement engine like the 4020, they featured redesigned sheet metal and most importantly they were available with an optional completely integrated operator's cab that John Deere called the Sound Gard body. This insulated cab that included a roll-over protective structure had a distinctive rounded windshield and came equipped with heat and air conditioning, as well as speakers for an optional radio. An 8-track tape player was also available as an option. The 5020 was replaced by the very similar 6030 and continued in production with New Generation styling until 1977 when the 30 Series tractors were replaced by Deere's 'Iron Horse' series that included the 90-hp 4040, 110-hp 4240, 130-hp 4440, 150-HP 4640, and 180-hp 4840. The 4240, 4440, 4640, and 4840 featured a new 466-cubic-inch displacement engine, and improvements to the cab including an optional hydraulic seat for a smoother ride. The Sound Gard body and Power Shift transmission were standard equipment on the 4840.
In 1983, Deere introduced the 4050, 4250, 4450, 4650, and 4850. These tractors were essentially the same machines as the Iron Horses they replaced, but with significant upgrades. They offered a new 15-speed Power Shift transmission, and were available with optional mechanical front-wheel drive featuring caster action for better traction and a tighter turning radius. They also featured cosmetic upgrades, including a new light brown cab interior, not the black interior on previous models. These tractors were followed by the mechanically similar 55 and 60 series tractors before they were replaced by the Deere's completely redesigned 7000 and 8000 series tractors in the early 1990s.
In the 1962 Illinois Manufacturers Directory (50th anniversary edition), John Deere, listed as Deere and Company, claimed a total work force of 35,000, of which 9,000 were in Illinois. The corporate headquarters were located at 1325 Third Ave. in Moline, Illinois, with six manufacturing plants located around that city and a seventh plant in Hoopston, Illinois. The six plants in Moline were listed as:

John Deere Harvester Works at 1100 - 13th Ave., East Moline, where 3,000 employees made agricultural implements
John Deere Industrial Equipment Works at 301 Third Ave., Moline, where 500 employees made earth-moving equipment
John Deere Malleable Works at 1335-13th Street, East Moline, where 600 employees made malleable and nodular iron castings
John Deere Planter Works at 501 Third Ave., Moline, where 1,000 employees made agricultural implements *John Deere Plow Works at 1225 Third Ave., Moline, where 1,100 employees made agricultural implements
John Deere Spreader Works at 1209-13th Ave., Moline where 800 employees made agricultural implements

The John Deere Vermilion Works was located at North Sixth Ave., Hoopston, Illinois, where 140 employees were listed as making iron work and implement parts. Moline, with 42,705 residents in 1962, had the local 7,000 employees of John Deere represent 16% of the city's entire population.[15]
In 1969, John Deere followed its New Generation tractors of the 1960s with a New Generation of combines. These included the 3300, 4400, 6600, and 7700. These models were also the first to come with Quik-Tatch header mounting capabilities as standard equipment. In the 1980s, these combines were followed by the 4420, 6620, 7720, and 8820 that were essentially updated and improved versions of the previous models with larger capacity, a nicer cab, and easier maintenance and service. The 4420 was discontinued in 1984 and replaced by the 4425 combine imported from Germany, and the 6620, 7720, and 8820 received the Titan II updates.
In 1989, Deere replaced the 6620, 7720, and 8820 with a new line of completely redesigned 'Maximizer' combines that included the 9400, 9500, and 9600 walker combines. These combines were completely redesigned and featured a center-mounted cab, rear-mounted engine, and more comforts in the cab. Also in 1989, Deere was inducted into the National Inventors Hall of Fame. In 1997, Deere celebrated 50 years of self-propelled combine production, and the 1997 models featured a 50th-anniversary decal. In 1998, the 9410, 9510, and 9610 were introduced. These were essentially the same machines, but with minor upgrades. Deere dealers offered '10 series' upgrades to owners of older 9000 series Maximizer combines. In 1999, Deere introduced the 50 series Maximizer combines. These machines featured significant cosmetic upgrades including a more streamlined appearance, improved ergonomics in the cab, PTO shaft-style header hook-up, and the larger models were available as rotary machines which were a complete departure from the combines that Deere had built in the past.[16]
In the late 1970s, International Harvester had pioneered rotary combines with their Axial flow machines, and were soon followed by other manufacturers, but Deere continued to build only conventional walker combines through the 1980s and 1990s. In 1999, John Deere introduced the Single-Tine Separation (STS) system on its 9550, 9650, and 9750 combines, representing a step forward in rotary combine technology. The STS system uses less horsepower and improves material handling.[7]
21st century[edit]
As of 2014[update], Deere & Company employed about 67,000 people worldwide, of which half are in the United States and Canada, and is the largest agriculture machinery company in the world. In August 2014, the company announced it was indefinitely laying off 600 of its workers at plants in Illinois, Iowa, and Kansas due to less demand for its products.[17] Inside the United States, the company's primary locations are its administrative center in Moline, Illinois, and manufacturing factories in central and southeastern United States.[18] As of 2016[update], the company experiments with an electric farm tractor.[19]
The logo of the leaping deer has been used by this company for over 155 years. Over the years, the logo has had minor changes and pieces removed. Some of the older style logos have the deer leaping over a log.[20][21] The company uses different logo colors for agricultural vs. construction products. The company's agricultural products are identifiable by a distinctive shade of green paint, with the inside border being yellow. While the construction products are identifiable by a shade of black with the deer being yellow, and the inside border also being yellow.
Products[edit]
John Deere manufactures a wide range of products, with several models of each in many cases.
Agricultural equipment[edit]
Agricultural products include, among others, tractors, combine harvesters, cotton harvesters, balers, planters/seeders, silage machines, and sprayers.
See also: List of John Deere tractors







Tractor









Tracked tractor (9630T)









FEL attachment









Combine









Forage harvester









Cotton picker









Sugarcane harvester









Seed drill









Field sprayer









Telescopic handler









Horse drawn manure spreader




Construction equipment[edit]
Construction equipment includes:







Excavator









Loader









Tracked loader









Backhoe









Skid-steer









Grader




Forestry equipment[edit]
John Deere manufactures a range of forestry machinery, among others, harvesters, forwarders, skidders. feller bunchers and log loaders. Timberjack is a subsidiary of John Deere since 2000.







Harvester









Forwarder









Skidder




Other products[edit]
The company manufactures lawn mowers and also is a manufacturer of consumer and commercial equipment, and snow throwers, as well as a supplier of diesel engines and powertrains (axles, transmissions, etc.) used especially in heavy equipment.[citation needed]
Other products were/are snowmobiles, all-terrain vehicles, and StarFire (a wide-area differential GPS).







Lawn mower









UTV (Gator)









Diesel engine




Factories[edit]




The John Deere Pavilion in Moline, Illinois






Horicon Works in Horicon, Wisconsin






John Deere factory in Mannheim, Germany






John Deere representatives at the Encuentro Empresarial Coparmex in Chihuahua, Mexico.






New John Deere tractors on a barge, Mannheim Harbour


Major North American factories include:

Harvester Works (large combine harvesters) East Moline, Illinois
Cylinder Internal Platform (hydraulic cylinders) Moline, Illinois
Seeding Group (planting equipment) Moline, Illinois and Valley City, North Dakota
Davenport Works (wheel loaders, motor graders, articulated dump trucks, wheeled forestry equipment) Davenport, Iowa
Dubuque Works (backhoes, crawlers, skid-steer loaders, tracked forestry equipment) Dubuque, Iowa
Des Moines Works (tillage equipment, cotton harvesters, sprayers) Ankeny, Iowa
Ottumwa Works (hay and forage equipment) Ottumwa, Iowa
Thibodaux Works (cane-harvesting equipment, scrapers) Thibodaux, Louisiana
Horicon Works (lawn and garden and turf care) Horicon, Wisconsin
Augusta Works (small commercial and agricultural tractors) Augusta, Georgia
Turf Care (specialty golf equipment and commercial mowing) Fuquay Varina, North Carolina
Industrias John Deere (agricultural tractors; construction equipment) (Monterrey, Mexico)
Motores John Deere (power systems; 6- and 4-cylinder engines, heavy-duty axles) Torreon, Mexico
Coffeyville Works (transmissions, pump drives, planetaries) Coffeyville, Kansas
Waterloo Works (tractor, cab, and assembly operations, drivetrain operations, foundry operations, service parts operations) Waterloo, Iowa
Power Systems and Engine Works (power systems and engines) Waterloo, Iowa

Other important factories:

John Deere Usine Saran (power systems), Fleury-les-Aubrais, France
John Deere Argentina (engines, tractors, and combine harvesters), Granadero Baigorria, Santa Fe, Argentina
John Deere Equipment Pvt Ltd (5000-series tractors) Pune, India
John Deere Equipment Pvt Ltd (5000-series tractors), Dewas, India
John Deere Electronic solutions, Pune, India
John Deere Harvester Works, Sirhind-Fategarh, India
John Deere Werke Mannheim (6000-series tractors), Mannheim, Germany
John Deere Brasil: Montenegro, Rio Grande do Sul (tractors), Horizontina - RS (harvesters and planters), Catalão - GO (sugarcane harvesters)
John Deere Werke Zweibrücken (harvesting equipment) Zweibrücken, Germany
John Deere Fabriek Horst (pulled and self-propelled agricultural sprayers) Horst, The Netherlands
John Deere Forestry Oy (forwarders, wheeled harvesters) Joensuu, Finland
John Deere Reman[22] remanufacturing components for off-highway vehicles: facilities in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada (cylinders, axles, transmissions, pumps, hydraulic and powertrain components) and Springfield, Missouri, USA (engines, fuel systems, turbochargers).
Sabo (consumer and commercial lawn equipment) Gummersbach, Germany





John Deere Combine harvesters being transported by railway on goods wagons in Tyrone, Pennsylvania, in the United States


Equipment divisions[edit]


Name
City/State
Country
Products
Division
Comments


Industrias John Deere Argentina S.A.
Santa Fe
Argentina
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Limited Parts Distribution Center
Derrimut, Victoria
Australia
 
Agriculture
 


Auteq Telematica S.A.
São Paulo
Brazil
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Brazil Ltda. - Unidade Catalão
Catalão (GO)
Brazil
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Brazil Ltda. - Unidade Horizontina
Horizontina (RS)
Brazil
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Brazil Ltda. - Unidade Montenegro
Montenegro (RS)
Brazil
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere (Harbin) Agriculture Machinery Co., Ltd.
Jiamusi, Heilongjiang
China
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere (Ningbo) Agriculture Machinery Co., Ltd.
Zhenhai District, Ningbo
China
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere (Tianjin) Agriculture Machinery Co., Ltd.
Tianjin
China
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Usine d'Arc-les-Gray, France
Gray Cedex
France
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere GmbH & Co. KG
Bruchsal
Germany
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere GmbH & Co. KG
Mannheim
Germany
 
Agriculture
 


Maschinenfabrik Kemper GmbH & Co.KG
Stadtlohn
Germany
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere GmbH & Co. KG
Zweibruecken
Germany
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Equipment Private Ltd.
Dist. Pune - 412208 Maharashtra
India
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere India Private Limited
Patiala Punjab 147 001
India
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere India Pvt. Ltd.
Dewas (Madhya Pradesh)
India
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere BH Works Ltd
Park Zvaim
Israel
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Cylinder Internal Platform
Ramos Arizpe, Coah.
Mexico
 
Agriculture
 


Industrias John Deere S.A. de C.V.
Monterrey, N.L.
Mexico
 
Agriculture
 


Industrias John Deere, S.A. de C.V.
Zona Centro, Saltillo, Coah.
Mexico
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Ramos
Ramos Arizpe, Coah.
Mexico
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Fabriek Horst B.V.
Horst
Netherlands
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Domodedovo
Domodedovo
Russia
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Orenburg
Orenburg
Russia
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Ibérica, S.
Madrid
Spain
 
Agriculture
 


The Vapormatic Company Ltd.
Exeter
United Kingdom
 
Agriculture
 


NavCom Technology, Inc.
Torrance, CA
United States
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Cylinder Internal Platform
Moline, IL
United States
Cylinder manufacturing
Agriculture
 


John Deere Harvester Works
East Moline, IL
United States
Large combine harvesters
Agriculture
 


John Deere Seeding Group
East Moline, IL
United States
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Des Moines Works
Ankeny, IA
United States
Sprayers, cotton harvesters, and tillage equipment
Agriculture
 


John Deere Ottumwa Works
Ottumwa, IA
United States
Baling technology
Agriculture
 


John Deere Paton
Paton, IA
United States
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Intelligent Solutions Group - Urbandale
Urbandale, IA
United States
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Waterloo Works - Tractor, Cab, and Assembly Operations
Waterloo, IA
United States
6R, 7R, 8R/8RT, and 9R/9RT Series tractors
Agriculture
 


John Deere Waterloo Works - Drivetrain Operations
Waterloo, IA
United States
Transmissions, drives, and axle machining and assembly
Agriculture
 


John Deere Waterloo Works - Service Parts Operations
Waterloo, IA
United States
Tractor service parts
Agriculture
 


John Deere Waterloo Works - Foundry Operations
Waterloo, IA
United States
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Thibodaux
Thibodaux, LA
United States
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Seeding Group
Valley City, ND
United States
 
Agriculture
 


Waratah Forestry Equipment Pty. Ltd
Melton, Victoria
Australia
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Brazil Ltda.
Lado Direito Indaiatuba – São Paulo
Brazil
 
Construction and forestry
 


Deere Hitachi
Indaiatuba, São Paulo
Brazil
 
Construction and forestry
 


Deere-Hitachi Specialty Products (DHSP) — Langley
Langley, British Columbia
Canada
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Reman — Edmonton
Alberta
Canada
 
Construction and forestry
 


Waratah Forestry Equipment Canada, Ltd.
Kamloops, BC
Canada
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere (Tianjin) Company Limited
Tianjin
China
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Forestry — Joensuu, Finland
Joensuu
Finland
 
Construction and forestry
 


Waratah OM Oy
Joensuu, Finland
Finland
 
Construction and forestry
 


Ashok Leyland John Deere Construction Equipment Pvt. Ltd.
Tamil Nadu
India
 
Construction and forestry
 


Industrias John Deere S.A. de C.V.
Garza Garcia, Nuevo Leon
Mexico
 
Construction and forestry
 


Waratah NZ Ltd.
Tokoroa Waikato
New Zealand
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Domodedovo
Moscow
Russia
 
Construction and forestry
 


Bell Equipment Limited
Empangeni
South Africa
 
Construction and forestry
 


Waratah Forestry Attachment, LLC.
Peachtree City, GA
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Construction & Forestry Company
Moline, IL
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Davenport Works
Davenport, IA
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Training Center - Davenport
Davenport, IA
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Dubuque Works
Dubuque, IA
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Reman — Springfield
Springfield, MO
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


Deere-Hitachi Construction Machinery Corp.
Kernersville, NC
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


Waratah Forestry Attachment, LLC
Kelso, WA
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


SABO - Maschinenfabrik GmbH
Gummersbach
Germany
 
Turf
 


John Deere Commercial Products
Grovetown, GA
United States
 
Turf
 


John Deere Turf Care
Fuquay-Varina, NC
United States
 
Turf
 


John Deere Training Center - Morrisville
Morrisville, NC
United States
 
Turf
 


Transaxle Manufacturing of America Corporation
Rock Hill, SC
United States
 
Turf
 


John Deere Power Products
Greeneville, TN
United States
 
Turf
 


John Deere Horicon Works
Horicon, WI
United States
 
Turf
 


Subsidiaries and affiliates[edit]
Current[edit]

AGRIS Corporation (John Deere Agri Services)




John Deere 8530 tractor with Kinze 3700 planter



John Deere Ag Management Solutions (intelligent mobile equipment technologies) Urbandale, Iowa
John Deere Capital Corporation
John Deere Financial[23] (John Deere Credit and Finance) Johnston, Iowa.
Kemper (row tolerant headers for forage harvesters and combines) Stadtlohn, Germany
Waratah Forestry Attachments (forestry harvesting heads) Tokoroa, New Zealand
Agreentech
NavCom Technology, Inc. (precision positioning systems, see also StarFire) Torrance, California
John Deere Electronic Solutions (Ruggedized electronics) Fargo, North Dakota
Ningbo Benye Tractor & Automobile Manufacture Co. Ltd. (low HP tractors) Ningbo, China
Machinefinder (used equipment division and marketplace)
John Deere Technology Innovation Center located in Research Park, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign
QCFS and Consolidating (attachment distribution center) Davenport, IA

Former[edit]

John Deere Renewables, LLC, a wind energy plant manufacturing arm which represented John Deere's extension into the renewable energy industry - under which it had successfully completed 36 projects in eight US states - was sold to Exelon Energy in August 2010.[24]

Pop culture[edit]

Joe Diffie released a song in 1993 called "John Deere Green", a top-five hit.
Kenny Chesney released a song in 1999 called "She Thinks my Tractor's Sexy" referencing John Deere Tractors, saying "She ain't into cars or pick up trucks,

But if it runs like a Deere, man, her eyes light up"

George Jones famously drove a John Deere lawn tractor to a liquor store after his wife had taken away his car keys to keep him from driving drunk. The incident was later memorialized as part of country music lore in numerous songs and videos, including Jones’ own “Honky Tonk Song” in 1996. Twelve years earlier, the video for Hank Williams Jr.’s “All My Rowdy Friends Are Coming Over Tonight” featured George Jones riding a lawnmower. Vince Gill’s 1993 hit “One More Last Chance” includes the line, “She might have took my car keys, but she forgot about my old John Deere.” The video ends with Gill on a John Deere tractor passing Jones on a John Deere lawnmower. The video for John Rich’s “Country Done Come to Town” also features Jones on a riding lawnmower.[25]

Sponsorships[edit]

The John Deere Classic is an American professional golf tournament sponsored by the company.
John Deere sponsored the #23 and #97 cars for NASCAR driver Chad Little in the late 1990s.[26]

Controversies[edit]
Some groups, including the Electronic Frontier Foundation,[27][28] have taken issue with the fact that John Deere's license covering the internal software on tractor control computers does not allow them to modify the software and that John Deere claims doing so would be DMCA forbidden bypassing of DRM.[29] John Deere locks tractors digitally under usage of the DMCA DRM-law to prevent the DIY repairing by the owning farmers, stating safety concerns as reason.[30]
Green Magazine[edit]
Green Magazine is a publication devoted to John Deere enthusiasts[31][32] which began in November 1984 by Richard and Carol Hain of Bee, Nebraska. The first issue mailed in early November 1984 to 135 paid subscribers consisted of 10 black and white pages with features on tractors, letters from readers, and advertisements.[33] At the time, the magazine was published bimonthly. The writing was done in Lincoln, Nebraska, and it was mailed from the Bee, Nebraska, post office. The magazine grew rapidly, and in 1990, bowing to public demand, the magazine became a monthly. Circulation continued to increase, and at the current time hovers around 30,000. The magazine now generally contains 88 full-color pages and is perfect bound. It is now printed in Michigan and mailed from several different post offices throughout the country.
Current content usually includes a "Tip of the Month" article covering New Generation restoration written by Dan Brotzman, a "Youngtimer" article written by Tyler Buchheit, "Shop Talk" by Ron and JoAnn O'Neill, "Saw it On eBay" by Adam Smith and Benjamin Hain, "Scale Models" by Bill Proft, "What's New and Old" by Greg Stephen, "Feature Model" by Benjamin Hain, "Do You Have One of These" by Richard Hain, and "Mr. Thinker", which is said to be written by "a variety of experts".
See also[edit]


Companies portal
Agriculture and Agronomy portal



John Deere World Headquarters
List of John Deere tractors
John Deere Buck

References[edit]


^ VanderMey, Anne (February 25, 2013). "John Deere Plows Ahead". Fortune. 167 (3): 19. 
^ a b c d e f https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/DE/financials?p=DE
^ "Fortune 500". Fortune. Retrieved 2016-08-31. 
^ "Global 500". Fortune. Retrieved 2016-08-31. 
^ https://www.nyse.com/quote/XNYS:DE, retrieved 2014-07-22.
^ Reynolds, John P. "Transactions of the Illinois State Agricultural Society, with Reports from County and District Agricultural Societies", Illinois Journal Printing Office, 1871, pg. 43,
^ a b c "A Brief Look at John Deere Combine History: 86 Years of Evolution". blog.machinefinder.com. Retrieved 2016-02-07. 
^ Pure genius: the inventor's hall of fame. Independent.co.uk (2008-02-22). Retrieved on 2011-01-03.
^ "John Deere War Hero's Recognized for Patriotism". blog.machinefinder.com. Retrieved 2016-02-07. 
^ "Agricultural Machinery during the 1940s". livinghistoryfarm.org. Retrieved 2016-02-07. 
^ "A Big Day for Deere" (PDF). The Plowshare. 14: 1–6. 27 March 2009. Retrieved 2016-02-07. 
^ Peter Easterlund. "TractorData.com John Deere 4010 tractor information". tractordata.com. 
^ "Archived copy". Archived from the original on 2015-06-22. Retrieved 2016-01-11. 
^ "John Deere 4010". agriculture.com. 
^ Illinois Manufacturers Directory, Manufacturers' News, Inc. Chicago, IL, copyright 1962, p. 1503, 1594–1595
^ http://farmindustrynews.com/show-me-rotaries
^ "Hit by weak crop prices Deere to lay off 600 manufacturing staff". Chicago Chronicle. 15 August 2014. Retrieved 2014-08-15. 
^ John Deere worldwide
^ "John Deere unveils latest all-electric tractor prototype for zero-emission agriculture". Electrek. 5 December 2016. Retrieved 5 December 2016. 
^ "John Deere History". www.deere.com. Retrieved 2015-04-06. 
^ History of the John Deere Trademark Trademarks
^ John Deere Reman Homepage Archived 2009-07-24 at the Wayback Machine.. Deere.com (2009-03-20). Retrieved on 2011-01-03.
^ John Deere Credit is your source for equipment financing solutions - John Deere Credit, U.S.A Archived 2008-12-09 at the Wayback Machine.. Deere.com. Retrieved on 2011-01-03.
^ Deere Reaches Agreement for Sale of Wind Energy Business. Deere.com (2010-08-31). Retrieved on 2011-01-03.
^ http://www.savingcountrymusic.com/george-jones-his-notorious-riding-lawnmower/
^ "Chad Little Sprint Cup All Star race results". Racing Reference. Retrieved 2014-06-09. 
^ Automakers Say You Don’t Really Own Your Car on eff.org (April 2015)
^ John Deere Really Doesn’t Want You to Own That Tractor on eff.org by Kit Walsh (December 20, 2016)
^ Wiens, Kyle (21 April 2015). "We Can’t Let John Deere Destroy the Very Idea of Ownership". Wired. Retrieved 2015-04-27. 
^ Sydell, Laura (2015-08-17). "DIY Tractor Repair Runs Afoul Of Copyright Law". npr.com. Retrieved 2015-08-31. And the little computer screen lets him know when something is wrong. Unfortunately, Alford isn't allowed to fix it. John Deere has a digital lock on the software that runs his tractor. And it won't give him the key. [...] The company went on to say that unqualified individuals could endanger customer safety. 
^ "John Deere Two-Cylinder Tractor Buyer's Guide". 
^ "Standard Catalog of John Deere Tractors 1st". 
^ Mary Lou Montgomery. "John Deere heritage runs deep on Missouri farm". Neosho Daily News. Retrieved 2015-06-04. 


Further reading[edit]

Broehl, Wayne G., Jr. (1984). John Deere's Company: A History of Deere & Company and Its Times. New York City: Doubleday. ISBN 9780385196642. OCLC 10606276. 
Dahlstrom, Jeremy; Dahlstrom, Neil (2005). The John Deere Story: A Biography of Plowmakers John & Charles Deere. Dekalb, Illinois: Northern Illinois University Press. ISBN 9780875803364. OCLC 56753352. 
Kendall, Edward C. (1959). John Deere's Steel Plow. Washington, D.C.: Smithsonian Institution. OCLC 3302873. 

External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to John Deere.



Official website
Green Magazine
John Deere at RitchieWiki, the Equipment Wiki



Business data for John Deere: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings










v
t
e


John Deere



Vehicles



4020 Tractor
5220 Tractor
9630 Tractor
Buck ATV
DB120 Planter
Gator ATV
Military Robot
Snowmobiles
Other Tractors





Divisions



Chamberlain (Australia)
Lanz Bulldog (Germany)
Matbro Forklifts
Nortrax Heavy Equipment
StarFire GPS
Timberjack Forestry





People



John Deere
Hans W. Becherer
John Rusling Block
George Peek





Other



Country Song
Golf Tournament
Museum
Pavilion
Supreme Court Case
TV Show
Video Game
World Headquarters












v
t
e


Illinois-based corporations



Fortune 500
corporations
(by size–2013)



Walgreens Boots Alliance
Archer Daniels Midland
Boeing
Caterpillar Inc.
State Farm Insurance
Abbott Laboratories
Sears Holdings
United Continental Holdings
Deere & Company
Mondelēz International
Allstate
McDonald's
Exelon
Kraft Heinz
Illinois Tool Works
Baxter International
Navistar International
RR Donnelley
CDW
Hillshire Brands
Discover Financial
W. W. Grainger
Motorola Solutions
Dover Corporation
Tenneco
Ingredion
Anixter
United Stationers
AbbVie
Old Republic International





Other major
public companies
(alphabetically)



ACCO Brands
Accretive Health
Allscripts
Amcol International Corporation
Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.
Brunswick Corporation
Calamos
Career Education Corporation
Catamaran Corporation
CBOE Holdings
CF Industries Holdings
CME Group
CNA Financial
Equity Residential
Fortune Brands Home & Security
General Growth Properties
Hospira
Hyatt Hotels Corp.
Integrys Energy Group
Jones Lang LaSalle
Kemper Corporation
Nalco Holding Company
Nicor
Northern Trust
RLI Corp.
Rubicon Technology
Stericycle
Telephone and Data Systems
Titan International
Tribune Media
Tronc
Tootsie Roll Industries
ULTA Beauty
US Foods
USG Corporation
Westell
Zebra Technologies





Other major
private companies
(alphabetically)



Ace Hardware
Baker & McKenzie
Blue Cross Blue Shield Association
Claire's
Country Financial
Danfoss Power Solutions
Dot Foods
Eby-Brown
Electro-Motive Diesel
Flex-N-Gate
Follett Corporation
Gardner Denver
Grant Thornton LLP
Health Care Service Corporation
Heico Cos.
Hendrickson International
Hub International
Jenner & Block
Kirkland & Ellis
Marmon Group
Mayer Brown
Medline Industries
Molex
Morton Salt
Nestlé Frozen Pizza
OSI Group
Pactiv
Reyes Holdings
Ryerson, Inc.
Sidley Austin
Skidmore, Owings & Merrill
Solo Cup Company
Tellabs
TransUnion
True Value
Wirtz Corporation





Related topics



Breweries in Illinois
Companies in the Chicago metropolitan area
Food manufacturers of Chicago
Newspapers in Illinois
Wineries in Illinois












v
t
e


Automotive industry in the United States






Automotive industry
Economy of the United States
Transportation in the United States





American vehicle
manufacturers
(list)



AGCO

Challenger Tractor
Massey Ferguson


AM General
American Expedition Vehicles
American Growler
Amp Electric Vehicles
Anteros Coachworks
Arcimoto
Armour Group, Inc.
ATK motorcycles
Aurica Motors
Autocar
Blue Bird
Boulder Electric Vehicle
Brammo
Brunton Stalker
Caterpillar
FCA US

Chrysler
Dodge
Jeep
Ram


CNH Industrial

Case CE
Case IH


Commuter Cars
Cushman
Cycle-Scoot
DeLorean
Chenowth Racing Products
Eagle Bus
Environmental Performance Vehicles
Equus
Elio Motors
Faraday Future
Fisker Inc.
Ford

Lincoln
SVT


General Dynamics Land Systems
General Motors

Buick
Cadillac
Chevrolet
GMC


Gillig
Glaval Bus
GreenTech
Harley-Davidson
HDT Global
Hennessey
HME
John Deere
Karma Automotive
Legacy
Local Motors
Lockheed Martin
Lingenfelter
Lenco Industries
Mack Trucks
Millennium Luxury Coaches
Morgan Olson
Mosler Automotive
MotoCzysz
Motor Coach Industries
Myers Motors
Navistar International

IC Bus
International


Nissan Commercial Vehicles
North American Bus Industries
Oka
Oshkosh

Pierce


Paccar

Kenworth
Peterbilt


Panoz
Phoenix Motorcars
Polaris Industries

Global Electric Motorcars
Indian
Victory


REV Group

Champion Bus
Collins
ElDorado National
E-One
Fleetwood
Goshen Coach
Holiday Rambler
Laymor
Wheeled Coach


Saleen
Shelby American
SSC North America
Starcraft Bus
Superformance
Tesla
Textron Marine & Land Systems
Trans Tech
TranStar Racing
Ultimaster
VIA Motors
Visionary Vehicles
Wheego Electric Cars
ZAP
Zimmer Motorcars





Foreign vehicle
manufacturers
with US operations



AB Volvo USA
BMW US Manufacturing Company
BYD Auto America
Changan USA
Daimler North America

Daimler Trucks North America

Thomas
Freightliner
Western Star




FAW Group USA
Fiat USA
FHI America
Honda of America

Acura


Hyundai USA
Isuzu America
Kia Motors America
Mazda America
Mitsubishi Motors North America
New Flyer Industries(1)

New Flyer
NABI
Motor Coach Industries


Nissan USA
Peugeot USA
SAIC Motor USA
Suzuki America
Toyota Motor Sales, U.S.A.

Lexus
Scion


Volkswagen Group of America
Wanxiang America





Active factories



BMW US Manufacturing Company
Fiat Chrysler factories
Ford factories
General Motors factories
Honda of America factories
Hyundai Motor Manufacturing Alabama
Kia Motors Manufacturing Georgia
Mercedes-Benz U.S. International
Nissan North America
Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc.
Tesla Factory
Toyota Motor Engineering & Manufacturing North America
Volkswagen Chattanooga Assembly Plant





Components companies



Allison
BorgWarner
Caterpillar
Cummins
Delphi
Detroit Diesel
Eaton
Firestone
Goodyear
Nexteer
Remy International
Timken
Torrington
Visteon





Insurance and finance
companies



Allstate

Ecompass Insurance
Esurance


Ally Financial
Erie Insurance Group
Farmers Insurance Group

21st Century Insurance
Farmers Insurance


GM Financial
GMAC Insurance
Kemper Direct
Progressive
Safe Auto
State Farm





Design studios



Calty Design Research
Designworks





By state



Massachusetts





Former manufacturers(2)



Coda
FMC





Defunct vehicle
manufacturers



Allis-Chalmers
American Austin
American LaFrance
American Motors

Hudson

Essex
Terraplane


Nash
Rambler


Armor Holdings
Armored Motor Car Company
Auburn Automobile
Avanti Motor Corporation
Avery
BMC
Carbon Motors Corporation
Checker Motors Corporation
Commonwealth
Cord
Case
CNH Global
Duesenberg
Durant

Flint
Locomobile
Mason
Rugby
Star


Excalibur
FCA US

Eagle
Plymouth
Street & Racing Technology (still used as a trim for dodge vehicles)


Fiberfab
Fitch Four Drive
Fisker Automotive
Fisker Coachbuild
Force Protection
Ford

Continental
Edsel
Mercury


General Motors

Cartercar
Elmore
GM Diesel
Geo
Hummer
LaSalle
Marquette
McLaughlin
Oakland
Oldsmobile
Pontiac
Saturn
Scripps-Booth
Sheridan
Viking
Yellow Coach


Green Vehicles
Grumman
Henney
International Harvester
Jeffery
Kaiser-Frazer

Allstate
Frazer
Henry J
Kaiser
Willys


Marathon Motor Works
Marmon

Roosevelt


Marvel Motors
Matbro
Mercer
Monaco Coach
Muntz Car Company
Oliver Farm Equipment
Packard
Peerless Motor Company
Pierce-Arrow
Sebring Vanguard
Sterling Trucks
Studebaker

Erskine
Rockne


Stutz
Twentieth Century Motor Car Corporation
United Defense
VL
White
Wildfire





Defunct factories



Brampton Assembly (AMC)
Diamond-Star Motors
Fiat Chrysler factories closed
Ford factories closed
General Motors factories closed
NUMMI
Packard Automotive Plant
Volkswagen Westmoreland Assembly





Related topics



AAA
Chicago Auto Show
Interstate Highway System
National Highway Traffic Safety Administration
New York International Auto Show
North American International Auto Show
SAE International








(1)Although New Flyer is Canadian, their Subsidiaries, NABI and Motor Coach Industries, are headquartered in the U.S.


(2)Former meaning the company is no longer in the automotive manufacturing business


 Category
 Portal










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=John_Deere&oldid=790547656"					
Categories: John Deere1837 establishments in IllinoisAgriculture companies of the United StatesCompanies based in Rock Island County, IllinoisCompanies based in the Quad CitiesCompanies established in 1837Companies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeConstruction equipment manufacturersDefense companies of the United StatesEngine manufacturersDiesel engine manufacturersEngineering vehiclesGarden tool manufacturersLawn and garden tractorsManufacturing companies based in IllinoisMoline, IllinoisPower tool manufacturersTractor manufacturers of the United StatesHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksArticles needing additional references from April 2017All articles needing additional referencesArticles using small message boxesAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from May 2015Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2014All articles containing potentially dated statementsArticles containing potentially dated statements from 2016Articles with unsourced statements from September 2013 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


AfrikaansالعربيةБългарскиCatalàČeštinaDanskDeutschEspañolEuskaraفارسیFrançaisGalego한국어HrvatskiBahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתKurdîNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålNorsk nynorskPlattdüütschPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийСаха тылаSlovenščinaSuomiSvenskaTürkçe中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 14 July 2017, at 13:16.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









John Deere - Wikipedia






















 






John Deere

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

This article is about the company. For the person, see John Deere (inventor). For the tractor, see List of John Deere tractors.

Deere & Company





John Deere World Headquarters in Moline, Illinois




Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: DE
S&P 500 Component


Industry
Heavy equipment


Founded
Grand Detour, Illinois
(1837; 180 years ago (1837))[1]


Founder
John Deere


Headquarters
Moline, Illinois, United States



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

Samuel R. Allen
(CEO and President)


Products
Agriculture, Construction, Forestry, Consumer & Commercial equipment, Diesel engines, Automobiles


Services
Financial services


Revenue
 US$26.644 billion (2016)[2]



Operating income

 US$2.988 billion (2016)[2]



Net income

 US$1.524 billion (2016)[2]


Total assets
 US$57.981 billion (2016)[2]


Total equity
 US$6.520 billion (2016)[2]



Number of employees

56,767 (2016)[2]


Website
www.deere.com


Deere & Company (brand name John Deere) is an American corporation that manufactures agricultural, construction, and forestry machinery, diesel engines, drivetrains (axles, transmissions, gearboxes) used in heavy equipment, and lawn care equipment. In 2016, it was listed as 97th in the Fortune 500 America's ranking and was ranked 364th in the global ranking in 2016.[3][4] John Deere also provides financial services and other related activities.
Deere is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol DE.[5] The company's slogan is "Nothing Runs Like a Deere", and its logo is a leaping deer, with the words 'JOHN DEERE' under it. The logo has been used by the company for over 155 years.



Contents


1 19th century
2 20th century
3 21st century
4 Products

4.1 Agricultural equipment
4.2 Construction equipment
4.3 Forestry equipment
4.4 Other products


5 Factories
6 Equipment divisions
7 Subsidiaries and affiliates

7.1 Current
7.2 Former


8 Pop culture
9 Sponsorships
10 Controversies
11 Green Magazine
12 See also
13 References
14 Further reading
15 External links



19th century[edit]



This section needs additional citations for verification. (April 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


Deere & Company began when John Deere, born in Rutland, Vermont, USA on February 7, 1804, moved to Grand Detour, Illinois in 1836 to escape bankruptcy in Vermont. Already an established blacksmith, Deere opened a 1,378-square-foot (128 m2) shop in Grand Detour in 1837, which allowed him to serve as a general repairman in the village, as well as a manufacturer of small tools such as pitchforks and shovels. Small tools production was just a start; the item that set him apart, was the self-scouring steel plow, which was pioneered in 1837 when John Deere fashioned a Scottish steel saw blade into a plow. Prior to Deere's steel plow, most farmers used iron or wooden plows to which the rich Midwestern soil stuck, so had to be cleaned frequently. The smooth-sided steel plow solved this problem, and greatly aided migration into the American Great Plains in the 19th and early 20th centuries.
The traditional way of doing business was to make the product as and when it was ordered. This style was very slow, As Deere realized that this was not going to be a viable business model, he increased the rate of production by manufacturing plows before putting them up for sale; this allowed customers to not only see what they were buying beforehand, but also allowed his customers to purchase his products straight away. Word of his products began to spread quickly.
In 1842, Deere entered a business partnership with Leonard Andrus and purchased land for the construction of a new, two-story factory along the Rock River in Illinois. This factory, named the "L. Andrus Plough Manufacturer", produced about 100 plows in 1842 and around 400 plows during the next year. Deere's partnership with Andrus ended in 1848, and Deere relocated to Moline, Illinois, to have access to the railroad and the Mississippi River. There, Deere formed a partnership with Robert Tate and John Gould and built a 1,440-square-foot (134 m2) factory the same year. Production rose quickly, and by 1849, the Deere, Tate & Gould Company was producing over 200 plows a month. A two-story addition to the plant was built, allowing further production.




Company logo used between 1876 and 1912


Deere bought out Tate and Gould's interests in the company in 1853, and was joined in the business by his son Charles Deere. At that time, the company was manufacturing a variety of farm equipment products in addition to plows, including wagons, corn planters, and cultivators. In 1857, the company's production totals reached almost 1,120 implements per month. In 1858, a nationwide financial recession took a toll on the company. To prevent bankruptcy, the company was reorganized and Deere sold his interests in the business to his son-in-law, Christopher Webber, and his son, Charles Deere, who would take on most of his father's managerial roles. John Deere served as president of the company until 1886. The company was reorganized again in 1868, when it was incorporated as Deere & Company. While the company's original stockholders were Charles Deere, Stephen Velie, George Vinton, and John Deere, Charles effectively ran the company. In 1869, Charles began to introduce marketing centers and independent retail dealers to advance the company's sales nationwide. This same year, Deere & Company won "Best and Greatest Display of Plows in Variety" at the 17th Annual Illinois State Fair, for which it won $10 and a Silver Medal.[6]
The core focus remained on the agricultural implements, but John Deere apparently also made a few bicycles in the 1890s.[citation needed]
20th century[edit]




John Deere Plow & Cultivators Co.'s New Orleans House, 1903


Increased competition during the early 1900s from the new International Harvester Company led the company to expand its offerings in the implement business, but the production of gasoline tractors came to define Deere & Company's operations during the 20th century.




Company logo used between 1912 and 1936


In 1912, Deere & Company president William Butterworth (Charles' son-in-law), who had replaced Charles Deere after his death in 1907, began the company's expansion into the tractor business. Deere & Company briefly experimented with its own tractor models, the most successful of which was the Dain All-Wheel-Drive, but in the end decided to continue its foray into the tractor business by purchasing the Waterloo Gasoline Engine Company in 1918, which manufactured the popular Waterloo Boy tractor at its facilities in Waterloo, Iowa. Deere & Company continued to sell tractors under the Waterloo Boy name until 1923, when the John Deere Model D was introduced. The company continues to manufacture a large percentage of its tractors in Waterloo, Iowa, namely the 7R, 8R, and 9R series.
The company produced its first combine harvester, the John Deere No. 2, in 1927. A year later, this innovation was followed up by the introduction of John Deere No. 1, a smaller machine that was more popular with customers. By 1929, the No. 1 and No. 2 were replaced by newer, lighter-weight harvesters. In the 1930s, John Deere and other farm equipment manufacturers began developing hillside harvesting technology. Harvesters now had the ability to effectively use their combines to harvest grain on hillsides with up to a 50% slope gradient.[7]
On an episode of the Travel Channel series Made in America that profiled Deere & Company, host John Ratzenberger stated that the company never repossessed any equipment from American farmers during the Great Depression.[8]
During World War II, the great-grandson of John Deere, Charles Deere Wiman, was president of the company, but he accepted a commission as a colonel in the U.S. Army. A replacement was hired and before returning to work at the company in late 1944, Wiman directed the farm machinery and equipment division of the War Production Board.[9] In addition to farm machinery, John Deere manufactured military tractors, and transmissions for the M3 tank. They also made aircraft parts, ammunition, and mobile laundry units to support the war effort.[10]
In 1947, John Deere introduced its first self-propelled combine, the model 55. It was soon followed by the smaller models 40 and 45, the larger model 95, and an even larger model 105 was introduced in the 1960s. In the mid-1950s, Deere introduced attachable corn heads, allowing crop producers to cut, shell, and clean corn in one smooth operation.[7]
In 1956, Deere & Company bought-out the German tractor manufacturer, Heinrich Lanz AG (see Lanz Bulldog).




A John Deere-Lanz 700 tractor


On August 30, 1960, John Deere dealers from around the world converged on Dallas, Texas, for an unprecedented product showcase. Deere Day in Dallas, as the event was called, introduced the world to the "New Generation of Power", the company’s first modern four-cylinder and six-cylinder tractors, during a day packed with high-tech presentations, live demonstrations, and a parking lot full of brand-new green and yellow machines. The line of tractors introduced that day was five years in the making, and the event itself took months to plan. Deere chose Dallas to host the event partly because it was home to facilities large enough to accommodate the 6,000 guests and the equipment they were all there to see. The Dallas Memorial Auditorium, the Texas State Fairgrounds Coliseum, the Cotton Bowl, and the Cotton Bowl parking lot were each the site of part of the event. During the event, a new John Deere tractor with a diamond-covered nameplate was displayed for all to see inside Neiman-Marcus, a popular Dallas-based department store.
According to information released by the company at the time of the event, John Deere dealers and key employees came to Dallas via the "largest commercial airlift of its type ever attempted." During the 24 hours leading up to the event, 16 airlines brought Deere employees and sales people from all over the United States and Canada to Love Field in Dallas. Bill Hewitt, then chairman and CEO of Deere & Company, welcomed the dealers and introduced the new tractors. Hewitt told the guests they were about to see "a line of entirely new tractors – completely modern in every respect – with outstanding features not duplicated in any other make of tractor."
Since entering the tractor business in 1918, John Deere had focused on two-cylinder machines. The New Generation of Power introduced at Deere Day in Dallas was very different from anything Deere had built before. The new line of four- and six-cylinder tractors, the models 1010, 2010, 3010, and 4010, were more far more powerful than Deere's two-cylinder models, and also easier and more comfortable to operate, with conveniently located controls, better visibility, and improved seat suspension. These new tractors were also easier to service.[11]
The 4010 was rated at 80 horsepower in 1960, but tested at 84 horsepower during testing trials, making it one of the most powerful two-wheel-drive farm tractors at that time. The 4010 was the predecessor to the 4020, which is widely regarded as the most popular tractor ever produced by John Deere, and perhaps any tractor manufacturer in the United States. Although the 4020, which was available with Deere's optional Power Shift, enjoyed greater popularity, the 4010 moved John Deere into the modern era of farm tractor technology and design following its successful history as a tractor manufacturer that was by the late 1950s experiencing waning market share due to its outdated technology.
In addition to the advanced engine technology, the "10" series tractors offered many other upgrades from the older two-cylinder models they replaced, including significantly higher horsepower-to-weight ratio, advanced hydraulics, more convenient and comfortable operator stations, and many other improvements. Of the "10" series John Deere tractors introduced in 1960, the 4010 was by far the most popular, with more than 58,000 units sold from 1960 to 1963. The success of the "10" series John Deere tractors, led by the 4010, helped propel John Deere from a 23% market share in 1959 to 34% by 1964 when the 4020 was introduced, making it the top manufacturer of farm equipment in the United States.[12][13][14]
In 1972, Deere introduced its new 'Sound Idea' tractors, the 4030, 4230, 4430, and 4630. While these tractors were mechanically similar to the New Generation tractors they replaced, and the 4230, 4430, and 4630 used a 404-cubic-inch displacement engine like the 4020, they featured redesigned sheet metal and most importantly they were available with an optional completely integrated operator's cab that John Deere called the Sound Gard body. This insulated cab that included a roll-over protective structure had a distinctive rounded windshield and came equipped with heat and air conditioning, as well as speakers for an optional radio. An 8-track tape player was also available as an option. The 5020 was replaced by the very similar 6030 and continued in production with New Generation styling until 1977 when the 30 Series tractors were replaced by Deere's 'Iron Horse' series that included the 90-hp 4040, 110-hp 4240, 130-hp 4440, 150-HP 4640, and 180-hp 4840. The 4240, 4440, 4640, and 4840 featured a new 466-cubic-inch displacement engine, and improvements to the cab including an optional hydraulic seat for a smoother ride. The Sound Gard body and Power Shift transmission were standard equipment on the 4840.
In 1983, Deere introduced the 4050, 4250, 4450, 4650, and 4850. These tractors were essentially the same machines as the Iron Horses they replaced, but with significant upgrades. They offered a new 15-speed Power Shift transmission, and were available with optional mechanical front-wheel drive featuring caster action for better traction and a tighter turning radius. They also featured cosmetic upgrades, including a new light brown cab interior, not the black interior on previous models. These tractors were followed by the mechanically similar 55 and 60 series tractors before they were replaced by the Deere's completely redesigned 7000 and 8000 series tractors in the early 1990s.
In the 1962 Illinois Manufacturers Directory (50th anniversary edition), John Deere, listed as Deere and Company, claimed a total work force of 35,000, of which 9,000 were in Illinois. The corporate headquarters were located at 1325 Third Ave. in Moline, Illinois, with six manufacturing plants located around that city and a seventh plant in Hoopston, Illinois. The six plants in Moline were listed as:

John Deere Harvester Works at 1100 - 13th Ave., East Moline, where 3,000 employees made agricultural implements
John Deere Industrial Equipment Works at 301 Third Ave., Moline, where 500 employees made earth-moving equipment
John Deere Malleable Works at 1335-13th Street, East Moline, where 600 employees made malleable and nodular iron castings
John Deere Planter Works at 501 Third Ave., Moline, where 1,000 employees made agricultural implements *John Deere Plow Works at 1225 Third Ave., Moline, where 1,100 employees made agricultural implements
John Deere Spreader Works at 1209-13th Ave., Moline where 800 employees made agricultural implements

The John Deere Vermilion Works was located at North Sixth Ave., Hoopston, Illinois, where 140 employees were listed as making iron work and implement parts. Moline, with 42,705 residents in 1962, had the local 7,000 employees of John Deere represent 16% of the city's entire population.[15]
In 1969, John Deere followed its New Generation tractors of the 1960s with a New Generation of combines. These included the 3300, 4400, 6600, and 7700. These models were also the first to come with Quik-Tatch header mounting capabilities as standard equipment. In the 1980s, these combines were followed by the 4420, 6620, 7720, and 8820 that were essentially updated and improved versions of the previous models with larger capacity, a nicer cab, and easier maintenance and service. The 4420 was discontinued in 1984 and replaced by the 4425 combine imported from Germany, and the 6620, 7720, and 8820 received the Titan II updates.
In 1989, Deere replaced the 6620, 7720, and 8820 with a new line of completely redesigned 'Maximizer' combines that included the 9400, 9500, and 9600 walker combines. These combines were completely redesigned and featured a center-mounted cab, rear-mounted engine, and more comforts in the cab. Also in 1989, Deere was inducted into the National Inventors Hall of Fame. In 1997, Deere celebrated 50 years of self-propelled combine production, and the 1997 models featured a 50th-anniversary decal. In 1998, the 9410, 9510, and 9610 were introduced. These were essentially the same machines, but with minor upgrades. Deere dealers offered '10 series' upgrades to owners of older 9000 series Maximizer combines. In 1999, Deere introduced the 50 series Maximizer combines. These machines featured significant cosmetic upgrades including a more streamlined appearance, improved ergonomics in the cab, PTO shaft-style header hook-up, and the larger models were available as rotary machines which were a complete departure from the combines that Deere had built in the past.[16]
In the late 1970s, International Harvester had pioneered rotary combines with their Axial flow machines, and were soon followed by other manufacturers, but Deere continued to build only conventional walker combines through the 1980s and 1990s. In 1999, John Deere introduced the Single-Tine Separation (STS) system on its 9550, 9650, and 9750 combines, representing a step forward in rotary combine technology. The STS system uses less horsepower and improves material handling.[7]
21st century[edit]
As of 2014[update], Deere & Company employed about 67,000 people worldwide, of which half are in the United States and Canada, and is the largest agriculture machinery company in the world. In August 2014, the company announced it was indefinitely laying off 600 of its workers at plants in Illinois, Iowa, and Kansas due to less demand for its products.[17] Inside the United States, the company's primary locations are its administrative center in Moline, Illinois, and manufacturing factories in central and southeastern United States.[18] As of 2016[update], the company experiments with an electric farm tractor.[19]
The logo of the leaping deer has been used by this company for over 155 years. Over the years, the logo has had minor changes and pieces removed. Some of the older style logos have the deer leaping over a log.[20][21] The company uses different logo colors for agricultural vs. construction products. The company's agricultural products are identifiable by a distinctive shade of green paint, with the inside border being yellow. While the construction products are identifiable by a shade of black with the deer being yellow, and the inside border also being yellow.
Products[edit]
John Deere manufactures a wide range of products, with several models of each in many cases.
Agricultural equipment[edit]
Agricultural products include, among others, tractors, combine harvesters, cotton harvesters, balers, planters/seeders, silage machines, and sprayers.
See also: List of John Deere tractors







Tractor









Tracked tractor (9630T)









FEL attachment









Combine









Forage harvester









Cotton picker









Sugarcane harvester









Seed drill









Field sprayer









Telescopic handler









Horse drawn manure spreader




Construction equipment[edit]
Construction equipment includes:







Excavator









Loader









Tracked loader









Backhoe









Skid-steer









Grader




Forestry equipment[edit]
John Deere manufactures a range of forestry machinery, among others, harvesters, forwarders, skidders. feller bunchers and log loaders. Timberjack is a subsidiary of John Deere since 2000.







Harvester









Forwarder









Skidder




Other products[edit]
The company manufactures lawn mowers and also is a manufacturer of consumer and commercial equipment, and snow throwers, as well as a supplier of diesel engines and powertrains (axles, transmissions, etc.) used especially in heavy equipment.[citation needed]
Other products were/are snowmobiles, all-terrain vehicles, and StarFire (a wide-area differential GPS).







Lawn mower









UTV (Gator)









Diesel engine




Factories[edit]




The John Deere Pavilion in Moline, Illinois






Horicon Works in Horicon, Wisconsin






John Deere factory in Mannheim, Germany






John Deere representatives at the Encuentro Empresarial Coparmex in Chihuahua, Mexico.






New John Deere tractors on a barge, Mannheim Harbour


Major North American factories include:

Harvester Works (large combine harvesters) East Moline, Illinois
Cylinder Internal Platform (hydraulic cylinders) Moline, Illinois
Seeding Group (planting equipment) Moline, Illinois and Valley City, North Dakota
Davenport Works (wheel loaders, motor graders, articulated dump trucks, wheeled forestry equipment) Davenport, Iowa
Dubuque Works (backhoes, crawlers, skid-steer loaders, tracked forestry equipment) Dubuque, Iowa
Des Moines Works (tillage equipment, cotton harvesters, sprayers) Ankeny, Iowa
Ottumwa Works (hay and forage equipment) Ottumwa, Iowa
Thibodaux Works (cane-harvesting equipment, scrapers) Thibodaux, Louisiana
Horicon Works (lawn and garden and turf care) Horicon, Wisconsin
Augusta Works (small commercial and agricultural tractors) Augusta, Georgia
Turf Care (specialty golf equipment and commercial mowing) Fuquay Varina, North Carolina
Industrias John Deere (agricultural tractors; construction equipment) (Monterrey, Mexico)
Motores John Deere (power systems; 6- and 4-cylinder engines, heavy-duty axles) Torreon, Mexico
Coffeyville Works (transmissions, pump drives, planetaries) Coffeyville, Kansas
Waterloo Works (tractor, cab, and assembly operations, drivetrain operations, foundry operations, service parts operations) Waterloo, Iowa
Power Systems and Engine Works (power systems and engines) Waterloo, Iowa

Other important factories:

John Deere Usine Saran (power systems), Fleury-les-Aubrais, France
John Deere Argentina (engines, tractors, and combine harvesters), Granadero Baigorria, Santa Fe, Argentina
John Deere Equipment Pvt Ltd (5000-series tractors) Pune, India
John Deere Equipment Pvt Ltd (5000-series tractors), Dewas, India
John Deere Electronic solutions, Pune, India
John Deere Harvester Works, Sirhind-Fategarh, India
John Deere Werke Mannheim (6000-series tractors), Mannheim, Germany
John Deere Brasil: Montenegro, Rio Grande do Sul (tractors), Horizontina - RS (harvesters and planters), Catalão - GO (sugarcane harvesters)
John Deere Werke Zweibrücken (harvesting equipment) Zweibrücken, Germany
John Deere Fabriek Horst (pulled and self-propelled agricultural sprayers) Horst, The Netherlands
John Deere Forestry Oy (forwarders, wheeled harvesters) Joensuu, Finland
John Deere Reman[22] remanufacturing components for off-highway vehicles: facilities in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada (cylinders, axles, transmissions, pumps, hydraulic and powertrain components) and Springfield, Missouri, USA (engines, fuel systems, turbochargers).
Sabo (consumer and commercial lawn equipment) Gummersbach, Germany





John Deere Combine harvesters being transported by railway on goods wagons in Tyrone, Pennsylvania, in the United States


Equipment divisions[edit]


Name
City/State
Country
Products
Division
Comments


Industrias John Deere Argentina S.A.
Santa Fe
Argentina
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Limited Parts Distribution Center
Derrimut, Victoria
Australia
 
Agriculture
 


Auteq Telematica S.A.
São Paulo
Brazil
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Brazil Ltda. - Unidade Catalão
Catalão (GO)
Brazil
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Brazil Ltda. - Unidade Horizontina
Horizontina (RS)
Brazil
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Brazil Ltda. - Unidade Montenegro
Montenegro (RS)
Brazil
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere (Harbin) Agriculture Machinery Co., Ltd.
Jiamusi, Heilongjiang
China
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere (Ningbo) Agriculture Machinery Co., Ltd.
Zhenhai District, Ningbo
China
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere (Tianjin) Agriculture Machinery Co., Ltd.
Tianjin
China
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Usine d'Arc-les-Gray, France
Gray Cedex
France
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere GmbH & Co. KG
Bruchsal
Germany
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere GmbH & Co. KG
Mannheim
Germany
 
Agriculture
 


Maschinenfabrik Kemper GmbH & Co.KG
Stadtlohn
Germany
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere GmbH & Co. KG
Zweibruecken
Germany
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Equipment Private Ltd.
Dist. Pune - 412208 Maharashtra
India
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere India Private Limited
Patiala Punjab 147 001
India
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere India Pvt. Ltd.
Dewas (Madhya Pradesh)
India
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere BH Works Ltd
Park Zvaim
Israel
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Cylinder Internal Platform
Ramos Arizpe, Coah.
Mexico
 
Agriculture
 


Industrias John Deere S.A. de C.V.
Monterrey, N.L.
Mexico
 
Agriculture
 


Industrias John Deere, S.A. de C.V.
Zona Centro, Saltillo, Coah.
Mexico
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Ramos
Ramos Arizpe, Coah.
Mexico
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Fabriek Horst B.V.
Horst
Netherlands
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Domodedovo
Domodedovo
Russia
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Orenburg
Orenburg
Russia
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Ibérica, S.
Madrid
Spain
 
Agriculture
 


The Vapormatic Company Ltd.
Exeter
United Kingdom
 
Agriculture
 


NavCom Technology, Inc.
Torrance, CA
United States
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Cylinder Internal Platform
Moline, IL
United States
Cylinder manufacturing
Agriculture
 


John Deere Harvester Works
East Moline, IL
United States
Large combine harvesters
Agriculture
 


John Deere Seeding Group
East Moline, IL
United States
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Des Moines Works
Ankeny, IA
United States
Sprayers, cotton harvesters, and tillage equipment
Agriculture
 


John Deere Ottumwa Works
Ottumwa, IA
United States
Baling technology
Agriculture
 


John Deere Paton
Paton, IA
United States
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Intelligent Solutions Group - Urbandale
Urbandale, IA
United States
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Waterloo Works - Tractor, Cab, and Assembly Operations
Waterloo, IA
United States
6R, 7R, 8R/8RT, and 9R/9RT Series tractors
Agriculture
 


John Deere Waterloo Works - Drivetrain Operations
Waterloo, IA
United States
Transmissions, drives, and axle machining and assembly
Agriculture
 


John Deere Waterloo Works - Service Parts Operations
Waterloo, IA
United States
Tractor service parts
Agriculture
 


John Deere Waterloo Works - Foundry Operations
Waterloo, IA
United States
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Thibodaux
Thibodaux, LA
United States
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Seeding Group
Valley City, ND
United States
 
Agriculture
 


Waratah Forestry Equipment Pty. Ltd
Melton, Victoria
Australia
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Brazil Ltda.
Lado Direito Indaiatuba – São Paulo
Brazil
 
Construction and forestry
 


Deere Hitachi
Indaiatuba, São Paulo
Brazil
 
Construction and forestry
 


Deere-Hitachi Specialty Products (DHSP) — Langley
Langley, British Columbia
Canada
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Reman — Edmonton
Alberta
Canada
 
Construction and forestry
 


Waratah Forestry Equipment Canada, Ltd.
Kamloops, BC
Canada
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere (Tianjin) Company Limited
Tianjin
China
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Forestry — Joensuu, Finland
Joensuu
Finland
 
Construction and forestry
 


Waratah OM Oy
Joensuu, Finland
Finland
 
Construction and forestry
 


Ashok Leyland John Deere Construction Equipment Pvt. Ltd.
Tamil Nadu
India
 
Construction and forestry
 


Industrias John Deere S.A. de C.V.
Garza Garcia, Nuevo Leon
Mexico
 
Construction and forestry
 


Waratah NZ Ltd.
Tokoroa Waikato
New Zealand
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Domodedovo
Moscow
Russia
 
Construction and forestry
 


Bell Equipment Limited
Empangeni
South Africa
 
Construction and forestry
 


Waratah Forestry Attachment, LLC.
Peachtree City, GA
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Construction & Forestry Company
Moline, IL
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Davenport Works
Davenport, IA
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Training Center - Davenport
Davenport, IA
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Dubuque Works
Dubuque, IA
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Reman — Springfield
Springfield, MO
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


Deere-Hitachi Construction Machinery Corp.
Kernersville, NC
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


Waratah Forestry Attachment, LLC
Kelso, WA
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


SABO - Maschinenfabrik GmbH
Gummersbach
Germany
 
Turf
 


John Deere Commercial Products
Grovetown, GA
United States
 
Turf
 


John Deere Turf Care
Fuquay-Varina, NC
United States
 
Turf
 


John Deere Training Center - Morrisville
Morrisville, NC
United States
 
Turf
 


Transaxle Manufacturing of America Corporation
Rock Hill, SC
United States
 
Turf
 


John Deere Power Products
Greeneville, TN
United States
 
Turf
 


John Deere Horicon Works
Horicon, WI
United States
 
Turf
 


Subsidiaries and affiliates[edit]
Current[edit]

AGRIS Corporation (John Deere Agri Services)




John Deere 8530 tractor with Kinze 3700 planter



John Deere Ag Management Solutions (intelligent mobile equipment technologies) Urbandale, Iowa
John Deere Capital Corporation
John Deere Financial[23] (John Deere Credit and Finance) Johnston, Iowa.
Kemper (row tolerant headers for forage harvesters and combines) Stadtlohn, Germany
Waratah Forestry Attachments (forestry harvesting heads) Tokoroa, New Zealand
Agreentech
NavCom Technology, Inc. (precision positioning systems, see also StarFire) Torrance, California
John Deere Electronic Solutions (Ruggedized electronics) Fargo, North Dakota
Ningbo Benye Tractor & Automobile Manufacture Co. Ltd. (low HP tractors) Ningbo, China
Machinefinder (used equipment division and marketplace)
John Deere Technology Innovation Center located in Research Park, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign
QCFS and Consolidating (attachment distribution center) Davenport, IA

Former[edit]

John Deere Renewables, LLC, a wind energy plant manufacturing arm which represented John Deere's extension into the renewable energy industry - under which it had successfully completed 36 projects in eight US states - was sold to Exelon Energy in August 2010.[24]

Pop culture[edit]

Joe Diffie released a song in 1993 called "John Deere Green", a top-five hit.
Kenny Chesney released a song in 1999 called "She Thinks my Tractor's Sexy" referencing John Deere Tractors, saying "She ain't into cars or pick up trucks,

But if it runs like a Deere, man, her eyes light up"

George Jones famously drove a John Deere lawn tractor to a liquor store after his wife had taken away his car keys to keep him from driving drunk. The incident was later memorialized as part of country music lore in numerous songs and videos, including Jones’ own “Honky Tonk Song” in 1996. Twelve years earlier, the video for Hank Williams Jr.’s “All My Rowdy Friends Are Coming Over Tonight” featured George Jones riding a lawnmower. Vince Gill’s 1993 hit “One More Last Chance” includes the line, “She might have took my car keys, but she forgot about my old John Deere.” The video ends with Gill on a John Deere tractor passing Jones on a John Deere lawnmower. The video for John Rich’s “Country Done Come to Town” also features Jones on a riding lawnmower.[25]

Sponsorships[edit]

The John Deere Classic is an American professional golf tournament sponsored by the company.
John Deere sponsored the #23 and #97 cars for NASCAR driver Chad Little in the late 1990s.[26]

Controversies[edit]
Some groups, including the Electronic Frontier Foundation,[27][28] have taken issue with the fact that John Deere's license covering the internal software on tractor control computers does not allow them to modify the software and that John Deere claims doing so would be DMCA forbidden bypassing of DRM.[29] John Deere locks tractors digitally under usage of the DMCA DRM-law to prevent the DIY repairing by the owning farmers, stating safety concerns as reason.[30]
Green Magazine[edit]
Green Magazine is a publication devoted to John Deere enthusiasts[31][32] which began in November 1984 by Richard and Carol Hain of Bee, Nebraska. The first issue mailed in early November 1984 to 135 paid subscribers consisted of 10 black and white pages with features on tractors, letters from readers, and advertisements.[33] At the time, the magazine was published bimonthly. The writing was done in Lincoln, Nebraska, and it was mailed from the Bee, Nebraska, post office. The magazine grew rapidly, and in 1990, bowing to public demand, the magazine became a monthly. Circulation continued to increase, and at the current time hovers around 30,000. The magazine now generally contains 88 full-color pages and is perfect bound. It is now printed in Michigan and mailed from several different post offices throughout the country.
Current content usually includes a "Tip of the Month" article covering New Generation restoration written by Dan Brotzman, a "Youngtimer" article written by Tyler Buchheit, "Shop Talk" by Ron and JoAnn O'Neill, "Saw it On eBay" by Adam Smith and Benjamin Hain, "Scale Models" by Bill Proft, "What's New and Old" by Greg Stephen, "Feature Model" by Benjamin Hain, "Do You Have One of These" by Richard Hain, and "Mr. Thinker", which is said to be written by "a variety of experts".
See also[edit]


Companies portal
Agriculture and Agronomy portal



John Deere World Headquarters
List of John Deere tractors
John Deere Buck

References[edit]


^ VanderMey, Anne (February 25, 2013). "John Deere Plows Ahead". Fortune. 167 (3): 19. 
^ a b c d e f https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/DE/financials?p=DE
^ "Fortune 500". Fortune. Retrieved 2016-08-31. 
^ "Global 500". Fortune. Retrieved 2016-08-31. 
^ https://www.nyse.com/quote/XNYS:DE, retrieved 2014-07-22.
^ Reynolds, John P. "Transactions of the Illinois State Agricultural Society, with Reports from County and District Agricultural Societies", Illinois Journal Printing Office, 1871, pg. 43,
^ a b c "A Brief Look at John Deere Combine History: 86 Years of Evolution". blog.machinefinder.com. Retrieved 2016-02-07. 
^ Pure genius: the inventor's hall of fame. Independent.co.uk (2008-02-22). Retrieved on 2011-01-03.
^ "John Deere War Hero's Recognized for Patriotism". blog.machinefinder.com. Retrieved 2016-02-07. 
^ "Agricultural Machinery during the 1940s". livinghistoryfarm.org. Retrieved 2016-02-07. 
^ "A Big Day for Deere" (PDF). The Plowshare. 14: 1–6. 27 March 2009. Retrieved 2016-02-07. 
^ Peter Easterlund. "TractorData.com John Deere 4010 tractor information". tractordata.com. 
^ "Archived copy". Archived from the original on 2015-06-22. Retrieved 2016-01-11. 
^ "John Deere 4010". agriculture.com. 
^ Illinois Manufacturers Directory, Manufacturers' News, Inc. Chicago, IL, copyright 1962, p. 1503, 1594–1595
^ http://farmindustrynews.com/show-me-rotaries
^ "Hit by weak crop prices Deere to lay off 600 manufacturing staff". Chicago Chronicle. 15 August 2014. Retrieved 2014-08-15. 
^ John Deere worldwide
^ "John Deere unveils latest all-electric tractor prototype for zero-emission agriculture". Electrek. 5 December 2016. Retrieved 5 December 2016. 
^ "John Deere History". www.deere.com. Retrieved 2015-04-06. 
^ History of the John Deere Trademark Trademarks
^ John Deere Reman Homepage Archived 2009-07-24 at the Wayback Machine.. Deere.com (2009-03-20). Retrieved on 2011-01-03.
^ John Deere Credit is your source for equipment financing solutions - John Deere Credit, U.S.A Archived 2008-12-09 at the Wayback Machine.. Deere.com. Retrieved on 2011-01-03.
^ Deere Reaches Agreement for Sale of Wind Energy Business. Deere.com (2010-08-31). Retrieved on 2011-01-03.
^ http://www.savingcountrymusic.com/george-jones-his-notorious-riding-lawnmower/
^ "Chad Little Sprint Cup All Star race results". Racing Reference. Retrieved 2014-06-09. 
^ Automakers Say You Don’t Really Own Your Car on eff.org (April 2015)
^ John Deere Really Doesn’t Want You to Own That Tractor on eff.org by Kit Walsh (December 20, 2016)
^ Wiens, Kyle (21 April 2015). "We Can’t Let John Deere Destroy the Very Idea of Ownership". Wired. Retrieved 2015-04-27. 
^ Sydell, Laura (2015-08-17). "DIY Tractor Repair Runs Afoul Of Copyright Law". npr.com. Retrieved 2015-08-31. And the little computer screen lets him know when something is wrong. Unfortunately, Alford isn't allowed to fix it. John Deere has a digital lock on the software that runs his tractor. And it won't give him the key. [...] The company went on to say that unqualified individuals could endanger customer safety. 
^ "John Deere Two-Cylinder Tractor Buyer's Guide". 
^ "Standard Catalog of John Deere Tractors 1st". 
^ Mary Lou Montgomery. "John Deere heritage runs deep on Missouri farm". Neosho Daily News. Retrieved 2015-06-04. 


Further reading[edit]

Broehl, Wayne G., Jr. (1984). John Deere's Company: A History of Deere & Company and Its Times. New York City: Doubleday. ISBN 9780385196642. OCLC 10606276. 
Dahlstrom, Jeremy; Dahlstrom, Neil (2005). The John Deere Story: A Biography of Plowmakers John & Charles Deere. Dekalb, Illinois: Northern Illinois University Press. ISBN 9780875803364. OCLC 56753352. 
Kendall, Edward C. (1959). John Deere's Steel Plow. Washington, D.C.: Smithsonian Institution. OCLC 3302873. 

External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to John Deere.



Official website
Green Magazine
John Deere at RitchieWiki, the Equipment Wiki



Business data for John Deere: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings










v
t
e


John Deere



Vehicles



4020 Tractor
5220 Tractor
9630 Tractor
Buck ATV
DB120 Planter
Gator ATV
Military Robot
Snowmobiles
Other Tractors





Divisions



Chamberlain (Australia)
Lanz Bulldog (Germany)
Matbro Forklifts
Nortrax Heavy Equipment
StarFire GPS
Timberjack Forestry





People



John Deere
Hans W. Becherer
John Rusling Block
George Peek





Other



Country Song
Golf Tournament
Museum
Pavilion
Supreme Court Case
TV Show
Video Game
World Headquarters












v
t
e


Illinois-based corporations



Fortune 500
corporations
(by size–2013)



Walgreens Boots Alliance
Archer Daniels Midland
Boeing
Caterpillar Inc.
State Farm Insurance
Abbott Laboratories
Sears Holdings
United Continental Holdings
Deere & Company
Mondelēz International
Allstate
McDonald's
Exelon
Kraft Heinz
Illinois Tool Works
Baxter International
Navistar International
RR Donnelley
CDW
Hillshire Brands
Discover Financial
W. W. Grainger
Motorola Solutions
Dover Corporation
Tenneco
Ingredion
Anixter
United Stationers
AbbVie
Old Republic International





Other major
public companies
(alphabetically)



ACCO Brands
Accretive Health
Allscripts
Amcol International Corporation
Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.
Brunswick Corporation
Calamos
Career Education Corporation
Catamaran Corporation
CBOE Holdings
CF Industries Holdings
CME Group
CNA Financial
Equity Residential
Fortune Brands Home & Security
General Growth Properties
Hospira
Hyatt Hotels Corp.
Integrys Energy Group
Jones Lang LaSalle
Kemper Corporation
Nalco Holding Company
Nicor
Northern Trust
RLI Corp.
Rubicon Technology
Stericycle
Telephone and Data Systems
Titan International
Tribune Media
Tronc
Tootsie Roll Industries
ULTA Beauty
US Foods
USG Corporation
Westell
Zebra Technologies





Other major
private companies
(alphabetically)



Ace Hardware
Baker & McKenzie
Blue Cross Blue Shield Association
Claire's
Country Financial
Danfoss Power Solutions
Dot Foods
Eby-Brown
Electro-Motive Diesel
Flex-N-Gate
Follett Corporation
Gardner Denver
Grant Thornton LLP
Health Care Service Corporation
Heico Cos.
Hendrickson International
Hub International
Jenner & Block
Kirkland & Ellis
Marmon Group
Mayer Brown
Medline Industries
Molex
Morton Salt
Nestlé Frozen Pizza
OSI Group
Pactiv
Reyes Holdings
Ryerson, Inc.
Sidley Austin
Skidmore, Owings & Merrill
Solo Cup Company
Tellabs
TransUnion
True Value
Wirtz Corporation





Related topics



Breweries in Illinois
Companies in the Chicago metropolitan area
Food manufacturers of Chicago
Newspapers in Illinois
Wineries in Illinois












v
t
e


Automotive industry in the United States






Automotive industry
Economy of the United States
Transportation in the United States





American vehicle
manufacturers
(list)



AGCO

Challenger Tractor
Massey Ferguson


AM General
American Expedition Vehicles
American Growler
Amp Electric Vehicles
Anteros Coachworks
Arcimoto
Armour Group, Inc.
ATK motorcycles
Aurica Motors
Autocar
Blue Bird
Boulder Electric Vehicle
Brammo
Brunton Stalker
Caterpillar
FCA US

Chrysler
Dodge
Jeep
Ram


CNH Industrial

Case CE
Case IH


Commuter Cars
Cushman
Cycle-Scoot
DeLorean
Chenowth Racing Products
Eagle Bus
Environmental Performance Vehicles
Equus
Elio Motors
Faraday Future
Fisker Inc.
Ford

Lincoln
SVT


General Dynamics Land Systems
General Motors

Buick
Cadillac
Chevrolet
GMC


Gillig
Glaval Bus
GreenTech
Harley-Davidson
HDT Global
Hennessey
HME
John Deere
Karma Automotive
Legacy
Local Motors
Lockheed Martin
Lingenfelter
Lenco Industries
Mack Trucks
Millennium Luxury Coaches
Morgan Olson
Mosler Automotive
MotoCzysz
Motor Coach Industries
Myers Motors
Navistar International

IC Bus
International


Nissan Commercial Vehicles
North American Bus Industries
Oka
Oshkosh

Pierce


Paccar

Kenworth
Peterbilt


Panoz
Phoenix Motorcars
Polaris Industries

Global Electric Motorcars
Indian
Victory


REV Group

Champion Bus
Collins
ElDorado National
E-One
Fleetwood
Goshen Coach
Holiday Rambler
Laymor
Wheeled Coach


Saleen
Shelby American
SSC North America
Starcraft Bus
Superformance
Tesla
Textron Marine & Land Systems
Trans Tech
TranStar Racing
Ultimaster
VIA Motors
Visionary Vehicles
Wheego Electric Cars
ZAP
Zimmer Motorcars





Foreign vehicle
manufacturers
with US operations



AB Volvo USA
BMW US Manufacturing Company
BYD Auto America
Changan USA
Daimler North America

Daimler Trucks North America

Thomas
Freightliner
Western Star




FAW Group USA
Fiat USA
FHI America
Honda of America

Acura


Hyundai USA
Isuzu America
Kia Motors America
Mazda America
Mitsubishi Motors North America
New Flyer Industries(1)

New Flyer
NABI
Motor Coach Industries


Nissan USA
Peugeot USA
SAIC Motor USA
Suzuki America
Toyota Motor Sales, U.S.A.

Lexus
Scion


Volkswagen Group of America
Wanxiang America





Active factories



BMW US Manufacturing Company
Fiat Chrysler factories
Ford factories
General Motors factories
Honda of America factories
Hyundai Motor Manufacturing Alabama
Kia Motors Manufacturing Georgia
Mercedes-Benz U.S. International
Nissan North America
Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc.
Tesla Factory
Toyota Motor Engineering & Manufacturing North America
Volkswagen Chattanooga Assembly Plant





Components companies



Allison
BorgWarner
Caterpillar
Cummins
Delphi
Detroit Diesel
Eaton
Firestone
Goodyear
Nexteer
Remy International
Timken
Torrington
Visteon





Insurance and finance
companies



Allstate

Ecompass Insurance
Esurance


Ally Financial
Erie Insurance Group
Farmers Insurance Group

21st Century Insurance
Farmers Insurance


GM Financial
GMAC Insurance
Kemper Direct
Progressive
Safe Auto
State Farm





Design studios



Calty Design Research
Designworks





By state



Massachusetts





Former manufacturers(2)



Coda
FMC





Defunct vehicle
manufacturers



Allis-Chalmers
American Austin
American LaFrance
American Motors

Hudson

Essex
Terraplane


Nash
Rambler


Armor Holdings
Armored Motor Car Company
Auburn Automobile
Avanti Motor Corporation
Avery
BMC
Carbon Motors Corporation
Checker Motors Corporation
Commonwealth
Cord
Case
CNH Global
Duesenberg
Durant

Flint
Locomobile
Mason
Rugby
Star


Excalibur
FCA US

Eagle
Plymouth
Street & Racing Technology (still used as a trim for dodge vehicles)


Fiberfab
Fitch Four Drive
Fisker Automotive
Fisker Coachbuild
Force Protection
Ford

Continental
Edsel
Mercury


General Motors

Cartercar
Elmore
GM Diesel
Geo
Hummer
LaSalle
Marquette
McLaughlin
Oakland
Oldsmobile
Pontiac
Saturn
Scripps-Booth
Sheridan
Viking
Yellow Coach


Green Vehicles
Grumman
Henney
International Harvester
Jeffery
Kaiser-Frazer

Allstate
Frazer
Henry J
Kaiser
Willys


Marathon Motor Works
Marmon

Roosevelt


Marvel Motors
Matbro
Mercer
Monaco Coach
Muntz Car Company
Oliver Farm Equipment
Packard
Peerless Motor Company
Pierce-Arrow
Sebring Vanguard
Sterling Trucks
Studebaker

Erskine
Rockne


Stutz
Twentieth Century Motor Car Corporation
United Defense
VL
White
Wildfire





Defunct factories



Brampton Assembly (AMC)
Diamond-Star Motors
Fiat Chrysler factories closed
Ford factories closed
General Motors factories closed
NUMMI
Packard Automotive Plant
Volkswagen Westmoreland Assembly





Related topics



AAA
Chicago Auto Show
Interstate Highway System
National Highway Traffic Safety Administration
New York International Auto Show
North American International Auto Show
SAE International








(1)Although New Flyer is Canadian, their Subsidiaries, NABI and Motor Coach Industries, are headquartered in the U.S.


(2)Former meaning the company is no longer in the automotive manufacturing business


 Category
 Portal










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=John_Deere&oldid=790547656"					
Categories: John Deere1837 establishments in IllinoisAgriculture companies of the United StatesCompanies based in Rock Island County, IllinoisCompanies based in the Quad CitiesCompanies established in 1837Companies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeConstruction equipment manufacturersDefense companies of the United StatesEngine manufacturersDiesel engine manufacturersEngineering vehiclesGarden tool manufacturersLawn and garden tractorsManufacturing companies based in IllinoisMoline, IllinoisPower tool manufacturersTractor manufacturers of the United StatesHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksArticles needing additional references from April 2017All articles needing additional referencesArticles using small message boxesAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from May 2015Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2014All articles containing potentially dated statementsArticles containing potentially dated statements from 2016Articles with unsourced statements from September 2013 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


AfrikaansالعربيةБългарскиCatalàČeštinaDanskDeutschEspañolEuskaraفارسیFrançaisGalego한국어HrvatskiBahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתKurdîNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålNorsk nynorskPlattdüütschPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийСаха тылаSlovenščinaSuomiSvenskaTürkçe中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 14 July 2017, at 13:16.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









John Deere - Wikipedia






















 






John Deere

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

This article is about the company. For the person, see John Deere (inventor). For the tractor, see List of John Deere tractors.

Deere & Company





John Deere World Headquarters in Moline, Illinois




Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: DE
S&P 500 Component


Industry
Heavy equipment


Founded
Grand Detour, Illinois
(1837; 180 years ago (1837))[1]


Founder
John Deere


Headquarters
Moline, Illinois, United States



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

Samuel R. Allen
(CEO and President)


Products
Agriculture, Construction, Forestry, Consumer & Commercial equipment, Diesel engines, Automobiles


Services
Financial services


Revenue
 US$26.644 billion (2016)[2]



Operating income

 US$2.988 billion (2016)[2]



Net income

 US$1.524 billion (2016)[2]


Total assets
 US$57.981 billion (2016)[2]


Total equity
 US$6.520 billion (2016)[2]



Number of employees

56,767 (2016)[2]


Website
www.deere.com


Deere & Company (brand name John Deere) is an American corporation that manufactures agricultural, construction, and forestry machinery, diesel engines, drivetrains (axles, transmissions, gearboxes) used in heavy equipment, and lawn care equipment. In 2016, it was listed as 97th in the Fortune 500 America's ranking and was ranked 364th in the global ranking in 2016.[3][4] John Deere also provides financial services and other related activities.
Deere is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol DE.[5] The company's slogan is "Nothing Runs Like a Deere", and its logo is a leaping deer, with the words 'JOHN DEERE' under it. The logo has been used by the company for over 155 years.



Contents


1 19th century
2 20th century
3 21st century
4 Products

4.1 Agricultural equipment
4.2 Construction equipment
4.3 Forestry equipment
4.4 Other products


5 Factories
6 Equipment divisions
7 Subsidiaries and affiliates

7.1 Current
7.2 Former


8 Pop culture
9 Sponsorships
10 Controversies
11 Green Magazine
12 See also
13 References
14 Further reading
15 External links



19th century[edit]



This section needs additional citations for verification. (April 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


Deere & Company began when John Deere, born in Rutland, Vermont, USA on February 7, 1804, moved to Grand Detour, Illinois in 1836 to escape bankruptcy in Vermont. Already an established blacksmith, Deere opened a 1,378-square-foot (128 m2) shop in Grand Detour in 1837, which allowed him to serve as a general repairman in the village, as well as a manufacturer of small tools such as pitchforks and shovels. Small tools production was just a start; the item that set him apart, was the self-scouring steel plow, which was pioneered in 1837 when John Deere fashioned a Scottish steel saw blade into a plow. Prior to Deere's steel plow, most farmers used iron or wooden plows to which the rich Midwestern soil stuck, so had to be cleaned frequently. The smooth-sided steel plow solved this problem, and greatly aided migration into the American Great Plains in the 19th and early 20th centuries.
The traditional way of doing business was to make the product as and when it was ordered. This style was very slow, As Deere realized that this was not going to be a viable business model, he increased the rate of production by manufacturing plows before putting them up for sale; this allowed customers to not only see what they were buying beforehand, but also allowed his customers to purchase his products straight away. Word of his products began to spread quickly.
In 1842, Deere entered a business partnership with Leonard Andrus and purchased land for the construction of a new, two-story factory along the Rock River in Illinois. This factory, named the "L. Andrus Plough Manufacturer", produced about 100 plows in 1842 and around 400 plows during the next year. Deere's partnership with Andrus ended in 1848, and Deere relocated to Moline, Illinois, to have access to the railroad and the Mississippi River. There, Deere formed a partnership with Robert Tate and John Gould and built a 1,440-square-foot (134 m2) factory the same year. Production rose quickly, and by 1849, the Deere, Tate & Gould Company was producing over 200 plows a month. A two-story addition to the plant was built, allowing further production.




Company logo used between 1876 and 1912


Deere bought out Tate and Gould's interests in the company in 1853, and was joined in the business by his son Charles Deere. At that time, the company was manufacturing a variety of farm equipment products in addition to plows, including wagons, corn planters, and cultivators. In 1857, the company's production totals reached almost 1,120 implements per month. In 1858, a nationwide financial recession took a toll on the company. To prevent bankruptcy, the company was reorganized and Deere sold his interests in the business to his son-in-law, Christopher Webber, and his son, Charles Deere, who would take on most of his father's managerial roles. John Deere served as president of the company until 1886. The company was reorganized again in 1868, when it was incorporated as Deere & Company. While the company's original stockholders were Charles Deere, Stephen Velie, George Vinton, and John Deere, Charles effectively ran the company. In 1869, Charles began to introduce marketing centers and independent retail dealers to advance the company's sales nationwide. This same year, Deere & Company won "Best and Greatest Display of Plows in Variety" at the 17th Annual Illinois State Fair, for which it won $10 and a Silver Medal.[6]
The core focus remained on the agricultural implements, but John Deere apparently also made a few bicycles in the 1890s.[citation needed]
20th century[edit]




John Deere Plow & Cultivators Co.'s New Orleans House, 1903


Increased competition during the early 1900s from the new International Harvester Company led the company to expand its offerings in the implement business, but the production of gasoline tractors came to define Deere & Company's operations during the 20th century.




Company logo used between 1912 and 1936


In 1912, Deere & Company president William Butterworth (Charles' son-in-law), who had replaced Charles Deere after his death in 1907, began the company's expansion into the tractor business. Deere & Company briefly experimented with its own tractor models, the most successful of which was the Dain All-Wheel-Drive, but in the end decided to continue its foray into the tractor business by purchasing the Waterloo Gasoline Engine Company in 1918, which manufactured the popular Waterloo Boy tractor at its facilities in Waterloo, Iowa. Deere & Company continued to sell tractors under the Waterloo Boy name until 1923, when the John Deere Model D was introduced. The company continues to manufacture a large percentage of its tractors in Waterloo, Iowa, namely the 7R, 8R, and 9R series.
The company produced its first combine harvester, the John Deere No. 2, in 1927. A year later, this innovation was followed up by the introduction of John Deere No. 1, a smaller machine that was more popular with customers. By 1929, the No. 1 and No. 2 were replaced by newer, lighter-weight harvesters. In the 1930s, John Deere and other farm equipment manufacturers began developing hillside harvesting technology. Harvesters now had the ability to effectively use their combines to harvest grain on hillsides with up to a 50% slope gradient.[7]
On an episode of the Travel Channel series Made in America that profiled Deere & Company, host John Ratzenberger stated that the company never repossessed any equipment from American farmers during the Great Depression.[8]
During World War II, the great-grandson of John Deere, Charles Deere Wiman, was president of the company, but he accepted a commission as a colonel in the U.S. Army. A replacement was hired and before returning to work at the company in late 1944, Wiman directed the farm machinery and equipment division of the War Production Board.[9] In addition to farm machinery, John Deere manufactured military tractors, and transmissions for the M3 tank. They also made aircraft parts, ammunition, and mobile laundry units to support the war effort.[10]
In 1947, John Deere introduced its first self-propelled combine, the model 55. It was soon followed by the smaller models 40 and 45, the larger model 95, and an even larger model 105 was introduced in the 1960s. In the mid-1950s, Deere introduced attachable corn heads, allowing crop producers to cut, shell, and clean corn in one smooth operation.[7]
In 1956, Deere & Company bought-out the German tractor manufacturer, Heinrich Lanz AG (see Lanz Bulldog).




A John Deere-Lanz 700 tractor


On August 30, 1960, John Deere dealers from around the world converged on Dallas, Texas, for an unprecedented product showcase. Deere Day in Dallas, as the event was called, introduced the world to the "New Generation of Power", the company’s first modern four-cylinder and six-cylinder tractors, during a day packed with high-tech presentations, live demonstrations, and a parking lot full of brand-new green and yellow machines. The line of tractors introduced that day was five years in the making, and the event itself took months to plan. Deere chose Dallas to host the event partly because it was home to facilities large enough to accommodate the 6,000 guests and the equipment they were all there to see. The Dallas Memorial Auditorium, the Texas State Fairgrounds Coliseum, the Cotton Bowl, and the Cotton Bowl parking lot were each the site of part of the event. During the event, a new John Deere tractor with a diamond-covered nameplate was displayed for all to see inside Neiman-Marcus, a popular Dallas-based department store.
According to information released by the company at the time of the event, John Deere dealers and key employees came to Dallas via the "largest commercial airlift of its type ever attempted." During the 24 hours leading up to the event, 16 airlines brought Deere employees and sales people from all over the United States and Canada to Love Field in Dallas. Bill Hewitt, then chairman and CEO of Deere & Company, welcomed the dealers and introduced the new tractors. Hewitt told the guests they were about to see "a line of entirely new tractors – completely modern in every respect – with outstanding features not duplicated in any other make of tractor."
Since entering the tractor business in 1918, John Deere had focused on two-cylinder machines. The New Generation of Power introduced at Deere Day in Dallas was very different from anything Deere had built before. The new line of four- and six-cylinder tractors, the models 1010, 2010, 3010, and 4010, were more far more powerful than Deere's two-cylinder models, and also easier and more comfortable to operate, with conveniently located controls, better visibility, and improved seat suspension. These new tractors were also easier to service.[11]
The 4010 was rated at 80 horsepower in 1960, but tested at 84 horsepower during testing trials, making it one of the most powerful two-wheel-drive farm tractors at that time. The 4010 was the predecessor to the 4020, which is widely regarded as the most popular tractor ever produced by John Deere, and perhaps any tractor manufacturer in the United States. Although the 4020, which was available with Deere's optional Power Shift, enjoyed greater popularity, the 4010 moved John Deere into the modern era of farm tractor technology and design following its successful history as a tractor manufacturer that was by the late 1950s experiencing waning market share due to its outdated technology.
In addition to the advanced engine technology, the "10" series tractors offered many other upgrades from the older two-cylinder models they replaced, including significantly higher horsepower-to-weight ratio, advanced hydraulics, more convenient and comfortable operator stations, and many other improvements. Of the "10" series John Deere tractors introduced in 1960, the 4010 was by far the most popular, with more than 58,000 units sold from 1960 to 1963. The success of the "10" series John Deere tractors, led by the 4010, helped propel John Deere from a 23% market share in 1959 to 34% by 1964 when the 4020 was introduced, making it the top manufacturer of farm equipment in the United States.[12][13][14]
In 1972, Deere introduced its new 'Sound Idea' tractors, the 4030, 4230, 4430, and 4630. While these tractors were mechanically similar to the New Generation tractors they replaced, and the 4230, 4430, and 4630 used a 404-cubic-inch displacement engine like the 4020, they featured redesigned sheet metal and most importantly they were available with an optional completely integrated operator's cab that John Deere called the Sound Gard body. This insulated cab that included a roll-over protective structure had a distinctive rounded windshield and came equipped with heat and air conditioning, as well as speakers for an optional radio. An 8-track tape player was also available as an option. The 5020 was replaced by the very similar 6030 and continued in production with New Generation styling until 1977 when the 30 Series tractors were replaced by Deere's 'Iron Horse' series that included the 90-hp 4040, 110-hp 4240, 130-hp 4440, 150-HP 4640, and 180-hp 4840. The 4240, 4440, 4640, and 4840 featured a new 466-cubic-inch displacement engine, and improvements to the cab including an optional hydraulic seat for a smoother ride. The Sound Gard body and Power Shift transmission were standard equipment on the 4840.
In 1983, Deere introduced the 4050, 4250, 4450, 4650, and 4850. These tractors were essentially the same machines as the Iron Horses they replaced, but with significant upgrades. They offered a new 15-speed Power Shift transmission, and were available with optional mechanical front-wheel drive featuring caster action for better traction and a tighter turning radius. They also featured cosmetic upgrades, including a new light brown cab interior, not the black interior on previous models. These tractors were followed by the mechanically similar 55 and 60 series tractors before they were replaced by the Deere's completely redesigned 7000 and 8000 series tractors in the early 1990s.
In the 1962 Illinois Manufacturers Directory (50th anniversary edition), John Deere, listed as Deere and Company, claimed a total work force of 35,000, of which 9,000 were in Illinois. The corporate headquarters were located at 1325 Third Ave. in Moline, Illinois, with six manufacturing plants located around that city and a seventh plant in Hoopston, Illinois. The six plants in Moline were listed as:

John Deere Harvester Works at 1100 - 13th Ave., East Moline, where 3,000 employees made agricultural implements
John Deere Industrial Equipment Works at 301 Third Ave., Moline, where 500 employees made earth-moving equipment
John Deere Malleable Works at 1335-13th Street, East Moline, where 600 employees made malleable and nodular iron castings
John Deere Planter Works at 501 Third Ave., Moline, where 1,000 employees made agricultural implements *John Deere Plow Works at 1225 Third Ave., Moline, where 1,100 employees made agricultural implements
John Deere Spreader Works at 1209-13th Ave., Moline where 800 employees made agricultural implements

The John Deere Vermilion Works was located at North Sixth Ave., Hoopston, Illinois, where 140 employees were listed as making iron work and implement parts. Moline, with 42,705 residents in 1962, had the local 7,000 employees of John Deere represent 16% of the city's entire population.[15]
In 1969, John Deere followed its New Generation tractors of the 1960s with a New Generation of combines. These included the 3300, 4400, 6600, and 7700. These models were also the first to come with Quik-Tatch header mounting capabilities as standard equipment. In the 1980s, these combines were followed by the 4420, 6620, 7720, and 8820 that were essentially updated and improved versions of the previous models with larger capacity, a nicer cab, and easier maintenance and service. The 4420 was discontinued in 1984 and replaced by the 4425 combine imported from Germany, and the 6620, 7720, and 8820 received the Titan II updates.
In 1989, Deere replaced the 6620, 7720, and 8820 with a new line of completely redesigned 'Maximizer' combines that included the 9400, 9500, and 9600 walker combines. These combines were completely redesigned and featured a center-mounted cab, rear-mounted engine, and more comforts in the cab. Also in 1989, Deere was inducted into the National Inventors Hall of Fame. In 1997, Deere celebrated 50 years of self-propelled combine production, and the 1997 models featured a 50th-anniversary decal. In 1998, the 9410, 9510, and 9610 were introduced. These were essentially the same machines, but with minor upgrades. Deere dealers offered '10 series' upgrades to owners of older 9000 series Maximizer combines. In 1999, Deere introduced the 50 series Maximizer combines. These machines featured significant cosmetic upgrades including a more streamlined appearance, improved ergonomics in the cab, PTO shaft-style header hook-up, and the larger models were available as rotary machines which were a complete departure from the combines that Deere had built in the past.[16]
In the late 1970s, International Harvester had pioneered rotary combines with their Axial flow machines, and were soon followed by other manufacturers, but Deere continued to build only conventional walker combines through the 1980s and 1990s. In 1999, John Deere introduced the Single-Tine Separation (STS) system on its 9550, 9650, and 9750 combines, representing a step forward in rotary combine technology. The STS system uses less horsepower and improves material handling.[7]
21st century[edit]
As of 2014[update], Deere & Company employed about 67,000 people worldwide, of which half are in the United States and Canada, and is the largest agriculture machinery company in the world. In August 2014, the company announced it was indefinitely laying off 600 of its workers at plants in Illinois, Iowa, and Kansas due to less demand for its products.[17] Inside the United States, the company's primary locations are its administrative center in Moline, Illinois, and manufacturing factories in central and southeastern United States.[18] As of 2016[update], the company experiments with an electric farm tractor.[19]
The logo of the leaping deer has been used by this company for over 155 years. Over the years, the logo has had minor changes and pieces removed. Some of the older style logos have the deer leaping over a log.[20][21] The company uses different logo colors for agricultural vs. construction products. The company's agricultural products are identifiable by a distinctive shade of green paint, with the inside border being yellow. While the construction products are identifiable by a shade of black with the deer being yellow, and the inside border also being yellow.
Products[edit]
John Deere manufactures a wide range of products, with several models of each in many cases.
Agricultural equipment[edit]
Agricultural products include, among others, tractors, combine harvesters, cotton harvesters, balers, planters/seeders, silage machines, and sprayers.
See also: List of John Deere tractors







Tractor









Tracked tractor (9630T)









FEL attachment









Combine









Forage harvester









Cotton picker









Sugarcane harvester









Seed drill









Field sprayer









Telescopic handler









Horse drawn manure spreader




Construction equipment[edit]
Construction equipment includes:







Excavator









Loader









Tracked loader









Backhoe









Skid-steer









Grader




Forestry equipment[edit]
John Deere manufactures a range of forestry machinery, among others, harvesters, forwarders, skidders. feller bunchers and log loaders. Timberjack is a subsidiary of John Deere since 2000.







Harvester









Forwarder









Skidder




Other products[edit]
The company manufactures lawn mowers and also is a manufacturer of consumer and commercial equipment, and snow throwers, as well as a supplier of diesel engines and powertrains (axles, transmissions, etc.) used especially in heavy equipment.[citation needed]
Other products were/are snowmobiles, all-terrain vehicles, and StarFire (a wide-area differential GPS).







Lawn mower









UTV (Gator)









Diesel engine




Factories[edit]




The John Deere Pavilion in Moline, Illinois






Horicon Works in Horicon, Wisconsin






John Deere factory in Mannheim, Germany






John Deere representatives at the Encuentro Empresarial Coparmex in Chihuahua, Mexico.






New John Deere tractors on a barge, Mannheim Harbour


Major North American factories include:

Harvester Works (large combine harvesters) East Moline, Illinois
Cylinder Internal Platform (hydraulic cylinders) Moline, Illinois
Seeding Group (planting equipment) Moline, Illinois and Valley City, North Dakota
Davenport Works (wheel loaders, motor graders, articulated dump trucks, wheeled forestry equipment) Davenport, Iowa
Dubuque Works (backhoes, crawlers, skid-steer loaders, tracked forestry equipment) Dubuque, Iowa
Des Moines Works (tillage equipment, cotton harvesters, sprayers) Ankeny, Iowa
Ottumwa Works (hay and forage equipment) Ottumwa, Iowa
Thibodaux Works (cane-harvesting equipment, scrapers) Thibodaux, Louisiana
Horicon Works (lawn and garden and turf care) Horicon, Wisconsin
Augusta Works (small commercial and agricultural tractors) Augusta, Georgia
Turf Care (specialty golf equipment and commercial mowing) Fuquay Varina, North Carolina
Industrias John Deere (agricultural tractors; construction equipment) (Monterrey, Mexico)
Motores John Deere (power systems; 6- and 4-cylinder engines, heavy-duty axles) Torreon, Mexico
Coffeyville Works (transmissions, pump drives, planetaries) Coffeyville, Kansas
Waterloo Works (tractor, cab, and assembly operations, drivetrain operations, foundry operations, service parts operations) Waterloo, Iowa
Power Systems and Engine Works (power systems and engines) Waterloo, Iowa

Other important factories:

John Deere Usine Saran (power systems), Fleury-les-Aubrais, France
John Deere Argentina (engines, tractors, and combine harvesters), Granadero Baigorria, Santa Fe, Argentina
John Deere Equipment Pvt Ltd (5000-series tractors) Pune, India
John Deere Equipment Pvt Ltd (5000-series tractors), Dewas, India
John Deere Electronic solutions, Pune, India
John Deere Harvester Works, Sirhind-Fategarh, India
John Deere Werke Mannheim (6000-series tractors), Mannheim, Germany
John Deere Brasil: Montenegro, Rio Grande do Sul (tractors), Horizontina - RS (harvesters and planters), Catalão - GO (sugarcane harvesters)
John Deere Werke Zweibrücken (harvesting equipment) Zweibrücken, Germany
John Deere Fabriek Horst (pulled and self-propelled agricultural sprayers) Horst, The Netherlands
John Deere Forestry Oy (forwarders, wheeled harvesters) Joensuu, Finland
John Deere Reman[22] remanufacturing components for off-highway vehicles: facilities in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada (cylinders, axles, transmissions, pumps, hydraulic and powertrain components) and Springfield, Missouri, USA (engines, fuel systems, turbochargers).
Sabo (consumer and commercial lawn equipment) Gummersbach, Germany





John Deere Combine harvesters being transported by railway on goods wagons in Tyrone, Pennsylvania, in the United States


Equipment divisions[edit]


Name
City/State
Country
Products
Division
Comments


Industrias John Deere Argentina S.A.
Santa Fe
Argentina
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Limited Parts Distribution Center
Derrimut, Victoria
Australia
 
Agriculture
 


Auteq Telematica S.A.
São Paulo
Brazil
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Brazil Ltda. - Unidade Catalão
Catalão (GO)
Brazil
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Brazil Ltda. - Unidade Horizontina
Horizontina (RS)
Brazil
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Brazil Ltda. - Unidade Montenegro
Montenegro (RS)
Brazil
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere (Harbin) Agriculture Machinery Co., Ltd.
Jiamusi, Heilongjiang
China
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere (Ningbo) Agriculture Machinery Co., Ltd.
Zhenhai District, Ningbo
China
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere (Tianjin) Agriculture Machinery Co., Ltd.
Tianjin
China
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Usine d'Arc-les-Gray, France
Gray Cedex
France
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere GmbH & Co. KG
Bruchsal
Germany
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere GmbH & Co. KG
Mannheim
Germany
 
Agriculture
 


Maschinenfabrik Kemper GmbH & Co.KG
Stadtlohn
Germany
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere GmbH & Co. KG
Zweibruecken
Germany
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Equipment Private Ltd.
Dist. Pune - 412208 Maharashtra
India
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere India Private Limited
Patiala Punjab 147 001
India
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere India Pvt. Ltd.
Dewas (Madhya Pradesh)
India
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere BH Works Ltd
Park Zvaim
Israel
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Cylinder Internal Platform
Ramos Arizpe, Coah.
Mexico
 
Agriculture
 


Industrias John Deere S.A. de C.V.
Monterrey, N.L.
Mexico
 
Agriculture
 


Industrias John Deere, S.A. de C.V.
Zona Centro, Saltillo, Coah.
Mexico
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Ramos
Ramos Arizpe, Coah.
Mexico
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Fabriek Horst B.V.
Horst
Netherlands
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Domodedovo
Domodedovo
Russia
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Orenburg
Orenburg
Russia
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Ibérica, S.
Madrid
Spain
 
Agriculture
 


The Vapormatic Company Ltd.
Exeter
United Kingdom
 
Agriculture
 


NavCom Technology, Inc.
Torrance, CA
United States
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Cylinder Internal Platform
Moline, IL
United States
Cylinder manufacturing
Agriculture
 


John Deere Harvester Works
East Moline, IL
United States
Large combine harvesters
Agriculture
 


John Deere Seeding Group
East Moline, IL
United States
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Des Moines Works
Ankeny, IA
United States
Sprayers, cotton harvesters, and tillage equipment
Agriculture
 


John Deere Ottumwa Works
Ottumwa, IA
United States
Baling technology
Agriculture
 


John Deere Paton
Paton, IA
United States
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Intelligent Solutions Group - Urbandale
Urbandale, IA
United States
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Waterloo Works - Tractor, Cab, and Assembly Operations
Waterloo, IA
United States
6R, 7R, 8R/8RT, and 9R/9RT Series tractors
Agriculture
 


John Deere Waterloo Works - Drivetrain Operations
Waterloo, IA
United States
Transmissions, drives, and axle machining and assembly
Agriculture
 


John Deere Waterloo Works - Service Parts Operations
Waterloo, IA
United States
Tractor service parts
Agriculture
 


John Deere Waterloo Works - Foundry Operations
Waterloo, IA
United States
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Thibodaux
Thibodaux, LA
United States
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Seeding Group
Valley City, ND
United States
 
Agriculture
 


Waratah Forestry Equipment Pty. Ltd
Melton, Victoria
Australia
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Brazil Ltda.
Lado Direito Indaiatuba – São Paulo
Brazil
 
Construction and forestry
 


Deere Hitachi
Indaiatuba, São Paulo
Brazil
 
Construction and forestry
 


Deere-Hitachi Specialty Products (DHSP) — Langley
Langley, British Columbia
Canada
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Reman — Edmonton
Alberta
Canada
 
Construction and forestry
 


Waratah Forestry Equipment Canada, Ltd.
Kamloops, BC
Canada
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere (Tianjin) Company Limited
Tianjin
China
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Forestry — Joensuu, Finland
Joensuu
Finland
 
Construction and forestry
 


Waratah OM Oy
Joensuu, Finland
Finland
 
Construction and forestry
 


Ashok Leyland John Deere Construction Equipment Pvt. Ltd.
Tamil Nadu
India
 
Construction and forestry
 


Industrias John Deere S.A. de C.V.
Garza Garcia, Nuevo Leon
Mexico
 
Construction and forestry
 


Waratah NZ Ltd.
Tokoroa Waikato
New Zealand
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Domodedovo
Moscow
Russia
 
Construction and forestry
 


Bell Equipment Limited
Empangeni
South Africa
 
Construction and forestry
 


Waratah Forestry Attachment, LLC.
Peachtree City, GA
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Construction & Forestry Company
Moline, IL
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Davenport Works
Davenport, IA
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Training Center - Davenport
Davenport, IA
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Dubuque Works
Dubuque, IA
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Reman — Springfield
Springfield, MO
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


Deere-Hitachi Construction Machinery Corp.
Kernersville, NC
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


Waratah Forestry Attachment, LLC
Kelso, WA
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


SABO - Maschinenfabrik GmbH
Gummersbach
Germany
 
Turf
 


John Deere Commercial Products
Grovetown, GA
United States
 
Turf
 


John Deere Turf Care
Fuquay-Varina, NC
United States
 
Turf
 


John Deere Training Center - Morrisville
Morrisville, NC
United States
 
Turf
 


Transaxle Manufacturing of America Corporation
Rock Hill, SC
United States
 
Turf
 


John Deere Power Products
Greeneville, TN
United States
 
Turf
 


John Deere Horicon Works
Horicon, WI
United States
 
Turf
 


Subsidiaries and affiliates[edit]
Current[edit]

AGRIS Corporation (John Deere Agri Services)




John Deere 8530 tractor with Kinze 3700 planter



John Deere Ag Management Solutions (intelligent mobile equipment technologies) Urbandale, Iowa
John Deere Capital Corporation
John Deere Financial[23] (John Deere Credit and Finance) Johnston, Iowa.
Kemper (row tolerant headers for forage harvesters and combines) Stadtlohn, Germany
Waratah Forestry Attachments (forestry harvesting heads) Tokoroa, New Zealand
Agreentech
NavCom Technology, Inc. (precision positioning systems, see also StarFire) Torrance, California
John Deere Electronic Solutions (Ruggedized electronics) Fargo, North Dakota
Ningbo Benye Tractor & Automobile Manufacture Co. Ltd. (low HP tractors) Ningbo, China
Machinefinder (used equipment division and marketplace)
John Deere Technology Innovation Center located in Research Park, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign
QCFS and Consolidating (attachment distribution center) Davenport, IA

Former[edit]

John Deere Renewables, LLC, a wind energy plant manufacturing arm which represented John Deere's extension into the renewable energy industry - under which it had successfully completed 36 projects in eight US states - was sold to Exelon Energy in August 2010.[24]

Pop culture[edit]

Joe Diffie released a song in 1993 called "John Deere Green", a top-five hit.
Kenny Chesney released a song in 1999 called "She Thinks my Tractor's Sexy" referencing John Deere Tractors, saying "She ain't into cars or pick up trucks,

But if it runs like a Deere, man, her eyes light up"

George Jones famously drove a John Deere lawn tractor to a liquor store after his wife had taken away his car keys to keep him from driving drunk. The incident was later memorialized as part of country music lore in numerous songs and videos, including Jones’ own “Honky Tonk Song” in 1996. Twelve years earlier, the video for Hank Williams Jr.’s “All My Rowdy Friends Are Coming Over Tonight” featured George Jones riding a lawnmower. Vince Gill’s 1993 hit “One More Last Chance” includes the line, “She might have took my car keys, but she forgot about my old John Deere.” The video ends with Gill on a John Deere tractor passing Jones on a John Deere lawnmower. The video for John Rich’s “Country Done Come to Town” also features Jones on a riding lawnmower.[25]

Sponsorships[edit]

The John Deere Classic is an American professional golf tournament sponsored by the company.
John Deere sponsored the #23 and #97 cars for NASCAR driver Chad Little in the late 1990s.[26]

Controversies[edit]
Some groups, including the Electronic Frontier Foundation,[27][28] have taken issue with the fact that John Deere's license covering the internal software on tractor control computers does not allow them to modify the software and that John Deere claims doing so would be DMCA forbidden bypassing of DRM.[29] John Deere locks tractors digitally under usage of the DMCA DRM-law to prevent the DIY repairing by the owning farmers, stating safety concerns as reason.[30]
Green Magazine[edit]
Green Magazine is a publication devoted to John Deere enthusiasts[31][32] which began in November 1984 by Richard and Carol Hain of Bee, Nebraska. The first issue mailed in early November 1984 to 135 paid subscribers consisted of 10 black and white pages with features on tractors, letters from readers, and advertisements.[33] At the time, the magazine was published bimonthly. The writing was done in Lincoln, Nebraska, and it was mailed from the Bee, Nebraska, post office. The magazine grew rapidly, and in 1990, bowing to public demand, the magazine became a monthly. Circulation continued to increase, and at the current time hovers around 30,000. The magazine now generally contains 88 full-color pages and is perfect bound. It is now printed in Michigan and mailed from several different post offices throughout the country.
Current content usually includes a "Tip of the Month" article covering New Generation restoration written by Dan Brotzman, a "Youngtimer" article written by Tyler Buchheit, "Shop Talk" by Ron and JoAnn O'Neill, "Saw it On eBay" by Adam Smith and Benjamin Hain, "Scale Models" by Bill Proft, "What's New and Old" by Greg Stephen, "Feature Model" by Benjamin Hain, "Do You Have One of These" by Richard Hain, and "Mr. Thinker", which is said to be written by "a variety of experts".
See also[edit]


Companies portal
Agriculture and Agronomy portal



John Deere World Headquarters
List of John Deere tractors
John Deere Buck

References[edit]


^ VanderMey, Anne (February 25, 2013). "John Deere Plows Ahead". Fortune. 167 (3): 19. 
^ a b c d e f https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/DE/financials?p=DE
^ "Fortune 500". Fortune. Retrieved 2016-08-31. 
^ "Global 500". Fortune. Retrieved 2016-08-31. 
^ https://www.nyse.com/quote/XNYS:DE, retrieved 2014-07-22.
^ Reynolds, John P. "Transactions of the Illinois State Agricultural Society, with Reports from County and District Agricultural Societies", Illinois Journal Printing Office, 1871, pg. 43,
^ a b c "A Brief Look at John Deere Combine History: 86 Years of Evolution". blog.machinefinder.com. Retrieved 2016-02-07. 
^ Pure genius: the inventor's hall of fame. Independent.co.uk (2008-02-22). Retrieved on 2011-01-03.
^ "John Deere War Hero's Recognized for Patriotism". blog.machinefinder.com. Retrieved 2016-02-07. 
^ "Agricultural Machinery during the 1940s". livinghistoryfarm.org. Retrieved 2016-02-07. 
^ "A Big Day for Deere" (PDF). The Plowshare. 14: 1–6. 27 March 2009. Retrieved 2016-02-07. 
^ Peter Easterlund. "TractorData.com John Deere 4010 tractor information". tractordata.com. 
^ "Archived copy". Archived from the original on 2015-06-22. Retrieved 2016-01-11. 
^ "John Deere 4010". agriculture.com. 
^ Illinois Manufacturers Directory, Manufacturers' News, Inc. Chicago, IL, copyright 1962, p. 1503, 1594–1595
^ http://farmindustrynews.com/show-me-rotaries
^ "Hit by weak crop prices Deere to lay off 600 manufacturing staff". Chicago Chronicle. 15 August 2014. Retrieved 2014-08-15. 
^ John Deere worldwide
^ "John Deere unveils latest all-electric tractor prototype for zero-emission agriculture". Electrek. 5 December 2016. Retrieved 5 December 2016. 
^ "John Deere History". www.deere.com. Retrieved 2015-04-06. 
^ History of the John Deere Trademark Trademarks
^ John Deere Reman Homepage Archived 2009-07-24 at the Wayback Machine.. Deere.com (2009-03-20). Retrieved on 2011-01-03.
^ John Deere Credit is your source for equipment financing solutions - John Deere Credit, U.S.A Archived 2008-12-09 at the Wayback Machine.. Deere.com. Retrieved on 2011-01-03.
^ Deere Reaches Agreement for Sale of Wind Energy Business. Deere.com (2010-08-31). Retrieved on 2011-01-03.
^ http://www.savingcountrymusic.com/george-jones-his-notorious-riding-lawnmower/
^ "Chad Little Sprint Cup All Star race results". Racing Reference. Retrieved 2014-06-09. 
^ Automakers Say You Don’t Really Own Your Car on eff.org (April 2015)
^ John Deere Really Doesn’t Want You to Own That Tractor on eff.org by Kit Walsh (December 20, 2016)
^ Wiens, Kyle (21 April 2015). "We Can’t Let John Deere Destroy the Very Idea of Ownership". Wired. Retrieved 2015-04-27. 
^ Sydell, Laura (2015-08-17). "DIY Tractor Repair Runs Afoul Of Copyright Law". npr.com. Retrieved 2015-08-31. And the little computer screen lets him know when something is wrong. Unfortunately, Alford isn't allowed to fix it. John Deere has a digital lock on the software that runs his tractor. And it won't give him the key. [...] The company went on to say that unqualified individuals could endanger customer safety. 
^ "John Deere Two-Cylinder Tractor Buyer's Guide". 
^ "Standard Catalog of John Deere Tractors 1st". 
^ Mary Lou Montgomery. "John Deere heritage runs deep on Missouri farm". Neosho Daily News. Retrieved 2015-06-04. 


Further reading[edit]

Broehl, Wayne G., Jr. (1984). John Deere's Company: A History of Deere & Company and Its Times. New York City: Doubleday. ISBN 9780385196642. OCLC 10606276. 
Dahlstrom, Jeremy; Dahlstrom, Neil (2005). The John Deere Story: A Biography of Plowmakers John & Charles Deere. Dekalb, Illinois: Northern Illinois University Press. ISBN 9780875803364. OCLC 56753352. 
Kendall, Edward C. (1959). John Deere's Steel Plow. Washington, D.C.: Smithsonian Institution. OCLC 3302873. 

External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to John Deere.



Official website
Green Magazine
John Deere at RitchieWiki, the Equipment Wiki



Business data for John Deere: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings










v
t
e


John Deere



Vehicles



4020 Tractor
5220 Tractor
9630 Tractor
Buck ATV
DB120 Planter
Gator ATV
Military Robot
Snowmobiles
Other Tractors





Divisions



Chamberlain (Australia)
Lanz Bulldog (Germany)
Matbro Forklifts
Nortrax Heavy Equipment
StarFire GPS
Timberjack Forestry





People



John Deere
Hans W. Becherer
John Rusling Block
George Peek





Other



Country Song
Golf Tournament
Museum
Pavilion
Supreme Court Case
TV Show
Video Game
World Headquarters












v
t
e


Illinois-based corporations



Fortune 500
corporations
(by size–2013)



Walgreens Boots Alliance
Archer Daniels Midland
Boeing
Caterpillar Inc.
State Farm Insurance
Abbott Laboratories
Sears Holdings
United Continental Holdings
Deere & Company
Mondelēz International
Allstate
McDonald's
Exelon
Kraft Heinz
Illinois Tool Works
Baxter International
Navistar International
RR Donnelley
CDW
Hillshire Brands
Discover Financial
W. W. Grainger
Motorola Solutions
Dover Corporation
Tenneco
Ingredion
Anixter
United Stationers
AbbVie
Old Republic International





Other major
public companies
(alphabetically)



ACCO Brands
Accretive Health
Allscripts
Amcol International Corporation
Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.
Brunswick Corporation
Calamos
Career Education Corporation
Catamaran Corporation
CBOE Holdings
CF Industries Holdings
CME Group
CNA Financial
Equity Residential
Fortune Brands Home & Security
General Growth Properties
Hospira
Hyatt Hotels Corp.
Integrys Energy Group
Jones Lang LaSalle
Kemper Corporation
Nalco Holding Company
Nicor
Northern Trust
RLI Corp.
Rubicon Technology
Stericycle
Telephone and Data Systems
Titan International
Tribune Media
Tronc
Tootsie Roll Industries
ULTA Beauty
US Foods
USG Corporation
Westell
Zebra Technologies





Other major
private companies
(alphabetically)



Ace Hardware
Baker & McKenzie
Blue Cross Blue Shield Association
Claire's
Country Financial
Danfoss Power Solutions
Dot Foods
Eby-Brown
Electro-Motive Diesel
Flex-N-Gate
Follett Corporation
Gardner Denver
Grant Thornton LLP
Health Care Service Corporation
Heico Cos.
Hendrickson International
Hub International
Jenner & Block
Kirkland & Ellis
Marmon Group
Mayer Brown
Medline Industries
Molex
Morton Salt
Nestlé Frozen Pizza
OSI Group
Pactiv
Reyes Holdings
Ryerson, Inc.
Sidley Austin
Skidmore, Owings & Merrill
Solo Cup Company
Tellabs
TransUnion
True Value
Wirtz Corporation





Related topics



Breweries in Illinois
Companies in the Chicago metropolitan area
Food manufacturers of Chicago
Newspapers in Illinois
Wineries in Illinois












v
t
e


Automotive industry in the United States






Automotive industry
Economy of the United States
Transportation in the United States





American vehicle
manufacturers
(list)



AGCO

Challenger Tractor
Massey Ferguson


AM General
American Expedition Vehicles
American Growler
Amp Electric Vehicles
Anteros Coachworks
Arcimoto
Armour Group, Inc.
ATK motorcycles
Aurica Motors
Autocar
Blue Bird
Boulder Electric Vehicle
Brammo
Brunton Stalker
Caterpillar
FCA US

Chrysler
Dodge
Jeep
Ram


CNH Industrial

Case CE
Case IH


Commuter Cars
Cushman
Cycle-Scoot
DeLorean
Chenowth Racing Products
Eagle Bus
Environmental Performance Vehicles
Equus
Elio Motors
Faraday Future
Fisker Inc.
Ford

Lincoln
SVT


General Dynamics Land Systems
General Motors

Buick
Cadillac
Chevrolet
GMC


Gillig
Glaval Bus
GreenTech
Harley-Davidson
HDT Global
Hennessey
HME
John Deere
Karma Automotive
Legacy
Local Motors
Lockheed Martin
Lingenfelter
Lenco Industries
Mack Trucks
Millennium Luxury Coaches
Morgan Olson
Mosler Automotive
MotoCzysz
Motor Coach Industries
Myers Motors
Navistar International

IC Bus
International


Nissan Commercial Vehicles
North American Bus Industries
Oka
Oshkosh

Pierce


Paccar

Kenworth
Peterbilt


Panoz
Phoenix Motorcars
Polaris Industries

Global Electric Motorcars
Indian
Victory


REV Group

Champion Bus
Collins
ElDorado National
E-One
Fleetwood
Goshen Coach
Holiday Rambler
Laymor
Wheeled Coach


Saleen
Shelby American
SSC North America
Starcraft Bus
Superformance
Tesla
Textron Marine & Land Systems
Trans Tech
TranStar Racing
Ultimaster
VIA Motors
Visionary Vehicles
Wheego Electric Cars
ZAP
Zimmer Motorcars





Foreign vehicle
manufacturers
with US operations



AB Volvo USA
BMW US Manufacturing Company
BYD Auto America
Changan USA
Daimler North America

Daimler Trucks North America

Thomas
Freightliner
Western Star




FAW Group USA
Fiat USA
FHI America
Honda of America

Acura


Hyundai USA
Isuzu America
Kia Motors America
Mazda America
Mitsubishi Motors North America
New Flyer Industries(1)

New Flyer
NABI
Motor Coach Industries


Nissan USA
Peugeot USA
SAIC Motor USA
Suzuki America
Toyota Motor Sales, U.S.A.

Lexus
Scion


Volkswagen Group of America
Wanxiang America





Active factories



BMW US Manufacturing Company
Fiat Chrysler factories
Ford factories
General Motors factories
Honda of America factories
Hyundai Motor Manufacturing Alabama
Kia Motors Manufacturing Georgia
Mercedes-Benz U.S. International
Nissan North America
Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc.
Tesla Factory
Toyota Motor Engineering & Manufacturing North America
Volkswagen Chattanooga Assembly Plant





Components companies



Allison
BorgWarner
Caterpillar
Cummins
Delphi
Detroit Diesel
Eaton
Firestone
Goodyear
Nexteer
Remy International
Timken
Torrington
Visteon





Insurance and finance
companies



Allstate

Ecompass Insurance
Esurance


Ally Financial
Erie Insurance Group
Farmers Insurance Group

21st Century Insurance
Farmers Insurance


GM Financial
GMAC Insurance
Kemper Direct
Progressive
Safe Auto
State Farm





Design studios



Calty Design Research
Designworks





By state



Massachusetts





Former manufacturers(2)



Coda
FMC





Defunct vehicle
manufacturers



Allis-Chalmers
American Austin
American LaFrance
American Motors

Hudson

Essex
Terraplane


Nash
Rambler


Armor Holdings
Armored Motor Car Company
Auburn Automobile
Avanti Motor Corporation
Avery
BMC
Carbon Motors Corporation
Checker Motors Corporation
Commonwealth
Cord
Case
CNH Global
Duesenberg
Durant

Flint
Locomobile
Mason
Rugby
Star


Excalibur
FCA US

Eagle
Plymouth
Street & Racing Technology (still used as a trim for dodge vehicles)


Fiberfab
Fitch Four Drive
Fisker Automotive
Fisker Coachbuild
Force Protection
Ford

Continental
Edsel
Mercury


General Motors

Cartercar
Elmore
GM Diesel
Geo
Hummer
LaSalle
Marquette
McLaughlin
Oakland
Oldsmobile
Pontiac
Saturn
Scripps-Booth
Sheridan
Viking
Yellow Coach


Green Vehicles
Grumman
Henney
International Harvester
Jeffery
Kaiser-Frazer

Allstate
Frazer
Henry J
Kaiser
Willys


Marathon Motor Works
Marmon

Roosevelt


Marvel Motors
Matbro
Mercer
Monaco Coach
Muntz Car Company
Oliver Farm Equipment
Packard
Peerless Motor Company
Pierce-Arrow
Sebring Vanguard
Sterling Trucks
Studebaker

Erskine
Rockne


Stutz
Twentieth Century Motor Car Corporation
United Defense
VL
White
Wildfire





Defunct factories



Brampton Assembly (AMC)
Diamond-Star Motors
Fiat Chrysler factories closed
Ford factories closed
General Motors factories closed
NUMMI
Packard Automotive Plant
Volkswagen Westmoreland Assembly





Related topics



AAA
Chicago Auto Show
Interstate Highway System
National Highway Traffic Safety Administration
New York International Auto Show
North American International Auto Show
SAE International








(1)Although New Flyer is Canadian, their Subsidiaries, NABI and Motor Coach Industries, are headquartered in the U.S.


(2)Former meaning the company is no longer in the automotive manufacturing business


 Category
 Portal










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=John_Deere&oldid=790547656"					
Categories: John Deere1837 establishments in IllinoisAgriculture companies of the United StatesCompanies based in Rock Island County, IllinoisCompanies based in the Quad CitiesCompanies established in 1837Companies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeConstruction equipment manufacturersDefense companies of the United StatesEngine manufacturersDiesel engine manufacturersEngineering vehiclesGarden tool manufacturersLawn and garden tractorsManufacturing companies based in IllinoisMoline, IllinoisPower tool manufacturersTractor manufacturers of the United StatesHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksArticles needing additional references from April 2017All articles needing additional referencesArticles using small message boxesAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from May 2015Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2014All articles containing potentially dated statementsArticles containing potentially dated statements from 2016Articles with unsourced statements from September 2013 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


AfrikaansالعربيةБългарскиCatalàČeštinaDanskDeutschEspañolEuskaraفارسیFrançaisGalego한국어HrvatskiBahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתKurdîNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålNorsk nynorskPlattdüütschPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийСаха тылаSlovenščinaSuomiSvenskaTürkçe中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 14 July 2017, at 13:16.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft























Recall List | CPSC.gov







































Skip to main content






Languages
简体中文
English
Bahasa Indonesia
한국어
Español
ภาษาไทย
Tiếng Việt





          Text Size: Decrease Font
Increase Font



Contact CPSC



Consumers:



Businesses:






Report an Unsafe Product

Consumers
Businesses










United States
CONSUMER PRODUCT SAFETY COMMISSION




Search CPSC











Search

















Report an Unsafe Product

Consumers
Businesses






 


Home 



Recall List



























Recalls CSV


Recalls RSS


Spanish
 





            Date          

 Start date
 Date
 End date
 Date
 



            Search All          

 


Apply



 


 July 27, 2017Really Good Stuff Recalls Magnetic Dry Erase Boards Due to Laceration Hazard (Recall Alert)The thin magnetic metal surface can separate from the product’s wooden board, posing a laceration hazard.
Remedy: Consumers should immediately stop using the recalled boards and contact Really Good Stuff for a replacement board.
Units: About 1.6 millionConsumer Contact:Website: http://www.reallygoodstuff.com E-mail: Recalls@reallygoodstuff.comPhone: 800-801-4046  

 July 25, 2017Polaris Recalls RZR 170 Recreational Off-Highway Vehicles Due to Fuel Leak, Fire HazardsThe fuel tank neck can crack or the wiring harness can overheat or short circuit, posing fuel leak and fire hazards. 
Remedy: Consumers should immediately stop using the recalled ROVs and contact Polaris to schedule a free repair. Polaris is contacting all known purchasers directly.  
Units: 16,800Consumer Contact:Website: C:/Users/smberg/AppData/Local/Microsoft/Windows/Temporary%20Internet%20Files/Content.Outlook/YSIRLU82/www.polaris.comPhone: 800-765-2747  

 July 25, 2017Outxpro Mosquito Zapper LED Light Bulbs Recalled by R & D Products Due to Shock Hazard; Sold Exclusively at Amazon.com (Recall Alert)The LED light bulb’s base can separate from the connector, posing an electrical shock hazard.
Remedy: Consumers should immediately stop using the recalled light bulbs, turn off the power supply and contact R&D Products for a free repair, including shipping, and instructions for removing and replacing the light bulb. R&D Products will reimburse consumers if a professional electrician is needed to remove the recalled light bulb’s base.
Units: About 3,700Consumer Contact:Website: http://www.outxpro.com E-mail: happytohelp@outxpro.comPhone: 800-607-1848  

 July 25, 2017Quality Foam Recalls Mattresses Due to Violation of Federal Mattress Flammability StandardThe mattresses fail to meet the mandatory federal flammability standard for mattresses, posing a fire hazard.
Remedy: Consumers should immediately stop using the recalled mattresses and contact Quality Foam or the place of purchase for instructions on receiving a free mattress cover to bring the mattress into compliance with the federal standard.
Units: About 12,200 Consumer Contact: E-mail: customerservicequalityfoam@gmail.comPhone: 844-511-3644  

 July 24, 2017iRover Recalls Self-Balancing Scooters/Hoverboards Due to Fire HazardThe lithium-ion battery packs in the self-balancing scooters/hoverboards can overheat, posing a risk of smoking, catching fire and/or exploding.
Remedy: Consumers should immediately stop using these recalled scooters/hoverboards and contact iRover for instructions on returning their hoverboard for a free UL2272-certified replacement unit.
Units: About 2,800 Consumer Contact:Website: http://www.iroverus.comPhone: 888-348-6434  

 July 21, 2017ZORJAR Recalls Women’s Scarves Due to Violation of Federal Flammability Standard; Sold Exclusively on Amazon.com (Recall Alert)The women’s scarves fail to meet the federal flammability standard for clothing textiles, posing a risk of burn injuries to consumers.
Remedy: Consumers should immediately stop using the recalled scarves and contact the firm for a full refund. ZORJAR is directly contacting consumers who have purchased the scarves.
Units: About 1,700Consumer Contact: E-mail: jameicheng@163.com  

 July 20, 2017Manhattan Toy Recalls Activity Toys Due to Choking HazardThe colored plastic tubes on the product may become brittle and break into small pieces, posing a choking hazard to infants.
Remedy: Consumers should immediately take the recalled toys away from infants and return it to the store where  purchased or contact Manhattan Toy for a full refund.
Units: About 14,400 (in addition, about 1,000 were sold in Canada)Consumer Contact:Website: http://www.manhattantoy.comPhone: 800-541-1345  

 July 19, 2017Polaris Recalls Sportsman 570 All-Terrain Vehicles Due to Fuel Leak, Fire HazardsFuel can leak into the headlight pod, posing fuel leak and fire hazards.
Remedy: Consumers should immediately stop using the recalled ATVs and contact Polaris to schedule a free repair. Polaris is contacting all known purchasers directly.
Units: About 25,600Consumer Contact:Website: http://www.polaris.comPhone: 800-765-2747  

1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
…
next ›
last »





Search Product Safety Reports
Search Product Safety Reports on Saferproducts.gov 


Find more about government recalls
Recalls.gov


Find recalls from around the world
Global Recall Portal


 












×
You are about to leave the U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission (CPSC) public website.


The link you selected is for a destination outside of the Federal Government. CPSC does not control this external site or its privacy policy and cannot attest to the accuracy of the information it contains. You may wish to review the privacy policy of the external site as its information collection practices may differ from ours. Linking to this external site does not constitute an endorsement of the site or the information it contains by CPSC or any of its employees.
Click Ok if you wish to continue to the website; otherwise, click Cancel to return to our site.


Ok
Cancel




 








	John Deere US | Products & Services Information






















































Back

 Equipment 
 Finance 
 Parts & Service 
 Contact a Dealer 
 MyJohnDeere 











 Contact a Dealer 
 MyJohnDeere 


 Lawn & Garden 
 Agriculture 
 Construction 
 Landscaping & Grounds Care 
 Golf & Sports Turf 
 Forestry 
 Engines & Drivetrains 
 Government & Military Sales 
 Rental Sales 

 View All Equipment 
 View Used Equipment 


 Financing 
 Offers & Discounts 


 Parts 
 Manuals & Training 
 Warranty & Protection Plans 
 StellarSupport™ 
 Recalls 
 Safety 



Lawn & Garden



MOWERS
 Lawn Tractors 
 Residential ZTrak™ Zero-Turn Mowers 
 Riding Mower Attachments & Accessories 


UTILITY VEHICLES
 Gator™ Utility Vehicles 
 Gator™ UV Attachments 


TRACTORS
 Compact Utility Tractors (22.4 - 66 Engine HP) 
 Attachments & Implements 


TOOLS
 Home & Workshop Products 





Agriculture



TRACTORS & LOADERS
 4WD and Track Tractors (370-620 Engine HP) 
 Row Crop Tractors (140-400 Engine HP) 
 Specialty Tractors (75-155 Engine HP) 
 Utility Tractors (22.4-140 Engine HP) 
 Utility Tractor Attachments & Implements 
 Front End Loaders 
 Scraper Systems 


TOOLS & USED EQUIPMENT
 Loaders 
 Home & Workshop Products 
 Used Equipment 


CROP CARE
 Application Equipment 
 Cutters & Shredders 
 Harvesting Equipment 
 Hay & Forage Equipment 
 Planting Equipment 
 Precision Ag Technology 
 Seeding Equipment 
 Sprayers 
 Tillage Equipment 


UTILITY VEHICLES
 Gator™ Utility Vehicles 
 Gator™ UV Attachments 





Construction



 Articulated Dump Trucks 
 Backhoes 
 Compact Track Loaders 
 Crawler Loaders 
 Dozers 
 Excavators 
 Motor Graders 
 Scraper Systems 
 Skid Steers 
 Tractor Loaders 
 Wheel Loaders 
 Construction Technology Solutions 
 Construction Attachments 
 Used Construction Equipment 





Landscaping & Grounds Care



MOWERS & TRACTORS
 Commercial Mowers 
 Cutters & Shredders 
 Front-End Loaders for Tractors 
 Specialty Tractors (75-155 Engine HP) 
 Utility Tractors (22.4-140 Engine HP) 
 Utility Tractor Attachments & Implements 


TOOLS & ATTACHMENTS
 Home & Workshop Products 
 Loaders 
 Attachments & Implements 


WORKSITE EQUIPMENT
 Backhoes 
 Compact Track Loaders 
 Excavators 
 Skid Steers 
 Wheel Loaders 
 Worksite Equipment Attachments 


UTILITY VEHICLES
 Gator™ Utility Vehicles 
 Gator™ UV Attachments 





Golf & Sports Turf



GOLF COURSE EQUIPMENT
 Aeration Equipment 
 Bunker Rakes 
 Fairway Mowers 
 Riding Greens Mowers 
 Rough, Trim & Surround Mowers 
 Walk Greens Mowers 


SPORTS TURF EQUIPMENT
 Aeration Equipment 
 Field Rakes 
 Reel Mowers 


ALL PURPOSE EQUIPMENT
 Commercial Mowers 
 Gator™ Utility Vehicles 
 Gator™ Utility Vehicles Attachments & Accessories 
 Utility Tractors (22.4-140 Engine HP) 
 Utility Tractors Attachments & Implements 
 Home & Workshop Products 





Forestry



 Tracked Feller Bunchers 
 Wheeled Feller Bunchers 
 Forwarders 
 Wheeled Harvesters 
 Tracked Harvesters 
 Knuckleboom Loaders 
 Skidders 
 Swing Machines 
 Forestry Technology Solutions 
 Forestry Attachments 
 Used Forestry Equipment 





Engines & Drivetrains



INDUSTRIAL DIESEL ENGINES
 Final Tier 4 / Stage IV 
 Interim Tier 4 / Stage III 
 Tier 3/Stage III 
 Tier 2 and Lesser Regulated 


MARINE ENGINES
 Commercial/Workboat 
 Recreational/Pleasure Craft 


GENERATOR DRIVE ENGINES
 Standby/Stationary 
 Prime/Portable 


DRIVETRAIN EQUIPMENT
 Pump Drives 
 Transmissions 
 Axles 
 Planetary Gear Drives 
 Vehicle Electrification 





Government & Military Sales



TRACTORS & MOWERS
 Lawn Tractors 
 Utility Tractors (22.4-140 Engine HP) 
 Specialty Tractors (75-155 Engine HP) 
 Residential ZTrak™ Zero-Turn Mowers 
 Commercial Mowers 


CONSTRUCTION
 Articulated Dump Trucks 
 Backhoes 
 Compact Track Loaders 
 Crawler Loaders 
 Excavators 
 Dozers 
 Skid Steers 
 Motor Graders 
 Wheel Loaders 


UTILITY VEHICLES & ACCESSORIES
 Gator™ Utility Vehicles 
 Gator™ Utility Vehicles Attachments & Accessories 


ATTACHMENTS & ACCESSORIES
 Attachments, Accessories & Implements 
 Home & Workshop Products 
 Cutters & Shredders 
 Front-End Loaders for Tractors 


PURCHASING
 State & Local 
 Cooperative 
 Non-Governmental Organizations 
 Federal & Military 





Rental Sales



 Backhoes 
 Compact Track Loaders 
 Dozers 
 Excavators 
 Gator™ Utility Vehicles 
 Motor Graders 
 Skid Steers 
 Tractor Loaders 
 Utility Tractors (22.4 – 140 Engine HP) 
 Wheel Loaders 
 Construction Attachments 





View All Equipment



 Articulated Dump Trucks 
 Application Equipment 
 Attachments, Accessories & Implements 
 Backhoes 
 Cutters & Shredders 
 Dozers 
 Engines 
 Excavators 
 Forwarders 
 Gator™ Utility Vehicles 
 Hay & Forage 
 Harvesting 
 Home & Workshop Products 
 Loaders 
 Motor Graders 
 Mowers 
 Planting Equipment 
 Precision Ag Technology 
 Scraper Systems 
 Seeding Equipment 
 Skidders 
 Sprayers 
 Swing Machines 
 Tillage 
 Tractors 





View Used Equipment







Financing



 Account Management 
 Application 
 Equipment Loans 
 Equipment Leasing 
 Multi-Use Account 
 Revolving Plan Account 
 PowerPlan Account 
 Frequently Asked Questions 
 Contact John Deere Financial 





Offers & Discounts





Parts



 Agricultural Parts 
 Lawn & Garden Parts 
 Commercial Mowing Parts 
 Golf & Sports Turf Parts 
 Engine Parts 
 Construction Parts 
 Remanufactured Parts & Components 
 All Makes Parts 
 Maintenance Parts 





Manuals & Training



 Quick Reference Guides 
 Training & Safety Videos 
 Simulators 





Warranty & Protection Plans



 Extended Warranties 
 Warranty Statements 
 Warranty Registration 
 Migrating Machine Policy 
 PowerGard™ Maintenance Plans 
 UltraGard™ Physical Damage 





StellarSupport™



 Product Activation 
 Software Updates 
 Training 
 Download Center 
 Tools & Calculators 
 Answer Center 
 AMS Forums 
 Contact Us 
 Dealer Corner 





Recalls





Safety







 






Providing for the Future, Together








Agriculture

Lawn & Garden

Construction

Landscaping & Grounds Care

Golf & Sports Turf

Forestry

Engines & Drivetrain

Government & Military Sales

Rental Sales








Deere Days of Summer Sales EventTake a closer look   



Quick Tools

Build Your Own
Locate a Dealer
Order Parts
Find Manuals
Find Used Equipment












The Silicon Prairie   Get the inside story on cutting edge tech down on the farm    


Imagery Comes Of Age   Read more in The Furrow    


Machine Health Monitoring   The data revolution is upon us    









                                    ... 








  








 







	John Deere US | Products & Services Information






















































Back

 Equipment 
 Finance 
 Parts & Service 
 Contact a Dealer 
 MyJohnDeere 











 Contact a Dealer 
 MyJohnDeere 


 Lawn & Garden 
 Agriculture 
 Construction 
 Landscaping & Grounds Care 
 Golf & Sports Turf 
 Forestry 
 Engines & Drivetrains 
 Government & Military Sales 
 Rental Sales 

 View All Equipment 
 View Used Equipment 


 Financing 
 Offers & Discounts 


 Parts 
 Manuals & Training 
 Warranty & Protection Plans 
 StellarSupport™ 
 Recalls 
 Safety 



Lawn & Garden



MOWERS
 Lawn Tractors 
 Residential ZTrak™ Zero-Turn Mowers 
 Riding Mower Attachments & Accessories 


UTILITY VEHICLES
 Gator™ Utility Vehicles 
 Gator™ UV Attachments 


TRACTORS
 Compact Utility Tractors (22.4 - 66 Engine HP) 
 Attachments & Implements 


TOOLS
 Home & Workshop Products 





Agriculture



TRACTORS & LOADERS
 4WD and Track Tractors (370-620 Engine HP) 
 Row Crop Tractors (140-400 Engine HP) 
 Specialty Tractors (75-155 Engine HP) 
 Utility Tractors (22.4-140 Engine HP) 
 Utility Tractor Attachments & Implements 
 Front End Loaders 
 Scraper Systems 


TOOLS & USED EQUIPMENT
 Loaders 
 Home & Workshop Products 
 Used Equipment 


CROP CARE
 Application Equipment 
 Cutters & Shredders 
 Harvesting Equipment 
 Hay & Forage Equipment 
 Planting Equipment 
 Precision Ag Technology 
 Seeding Equipment 
 Sprayers 
 Tillage Equipment 


UTILITY VEHICLES
 Gator™ Utility Vehicles 
 Gator™ UV Attachments 





Construction



 Articulated Dump Trucks 
 Backhoes 
 Compact Track Loaders 
 Crawler Loaders 
 Dozers 
 Excavators 
 Motor Graders 
 Scraper Systems 
 Skid Steers 
 Tractor Loaders 
 Wheel Loaders 
 Construction Technology Solutions 
 Construction Attachments 
 Used Construction Equipment 





Landscaping & Grounds Care



MOWERS & TRACTORS
 Commercial Mowers 
 Cutters & Shredders 
 Front-End Loaders for Tractors 
 Specialty Tractors (75-155 Engine HP) 
 Utility Tractors (22.4-140 Engine HP) 
 Utility Tractor Attachments & Implements 


TOOLS & ATTACHMENTS
 Home & Workshop Products 
 Loaders 
 Attachments & Implements 


WORKSITE EQUIPMENT
 Backhoes 
 Compact Track Loaders 
 Excavators 
 Skid Steers 
 Wheel Loaders 
 Worksite Equipment Attachments 


UTILITY VEHICLES
 Gator™ Utility Vehicles 
 Gator™ UV Attachments 





Golf & Sports Turf



GOLF COURSE EQUIPMENT
 Aeration Equipment 
 Bunker Rakes 
 Fairway Mowers 
 Riding Greens Mowers 
 Rough, Trim & Surround Mowers 
 Walk Greens Mowers 


SPORTS TURF EQUIPMENT
 Aeration Equipment 
 Field Rakes 
 Reel Mowers 


ALL PURPOSE EQUIPMENT
 Commercial Mowers 
 Gator™ Utility Vehicles 
 Gator™ Utility Vehicles Attachments & Accessories 
 Utility Tractors (22.4-140 Engine HP) 
 Utility Tractors Attachments & Implements 
 Home & Workshop Products 





Forestry



 Tracked Feller Bunchers 
 Wheeled Feller Bunchers 
 Forwarders 
 Wheeled Harvesters 
 Tracked Harvesters 
 Knuckleboom Loaders 
 Skidders 
 Swing Machines 
 Forestry Technology Solutions 
 Forestry Attachments 
 Used Forestry Equipment 





Engines & Drivetrains



INDUSTRIAL DIESEL ENGINES
 Final Tier 4 / Stage IV 
 Interim Tier 4 / Stage III 
 Tier 3/Stage III 
 Tier 2 and Lesser Regulated 


MARINE ENGINES
 Commercial/Workboat 
 Recreational/Pleasure Craft 


GENERATOR DRIVE ENGINES
 Standby/Stationary 
 Prime/Portable 


DRIVETRAIN EQUIPMENT
 Pump Drives 
 Transmissions 
 Axles 
 Planetary Gear Drives 
 Vehicle Electrification 





Government & Military Sales



TRACTORS & MOWERS
 Lawn Tractors 
 Utility Tractors (22.4-140 Engine HP) 
 Specialty Tractors (75-155 Engine HP) 
 Residential ZTrak™ Zero-Turn Mowers 
 Commercial Mowers 


CONSTRUCTION
 Articulated Dump Trucks 
 Backhoes 
 Compact Track Loaders 
 Crawler Loaders 
 Excavators 
 Dozers 
 Skid Steers 
 Motor Graders 
 Wheel Loaders 


UTILITY VEHICLES & ACCESSORIES
 Gator™ Utility Vehicles 
 Gator™ Utility Vehicles Attachments & Accessories 


ATTACHMENTS & ACCESSORIES
 Attachments, Accessories & Implements 
 Home & Workshop Products 
 Cutters & Shredders 
 Front-End Loaders for Tractors 


PURCHASING
 State & Local 
 Cooperative 
 Non-Governmental Organizations 
 Federal & Military 





Rental Sales



 Backhoes 
 Compact Track Loaders 
 Dozers 
 Excavators 
 Gator™ Utility Vehicles 
 Motor Graders 
 Skid Steers 
 Tractor Loaders 
 Utility Tractors (22.4 – 140 Engine HP) 
 Wheel Loaders 
 Construction Attachments 





View All Equipment



 Articulated Dump Trucks 
 Application Equipment 
 Attachments, Accessories & Implements 
 Backhoes 
 Cutters & Shredders 
 Dozers 
 Engines 
 Excavators 
 Forwarders 
 Gator™ Utility Vehicles 
 Hay & Forage 
 Harvesting 
 Home & Workshop Products 
 Loaders 
 Motor Graders 
 Mowers 
 Planting Equipment 
 Precision Ag Technology 
 Scraper Systems 
 Seeding Equipment 
 Skidders 
 Sprayers 
 Swing Machines 
 Tillage 
 Tractors 





View Used Equipment







Financing



 Account Management 
 Application 
 Equipment Loans 
 Equipment Leasing 
 Multi-Use Account 
 Revolving Plan Account 
 PowerPlan Account 
 Frequently Asked Questions 
 Contact John Deere Financial 





Offers & Discounts





Parts



 Agricultural Parts 
 Lawn & Garden Parts 
 Commercial Mowing Parts 
 Golf & Sports Turf Parts 
 Engine Parts 
 Construction Parts 
 Remanufactured Parts & Components 
 All Makes Parts 
 Maintenance Parts 





Manuals & Training



 Quick Reference Guides 
 Training & Safety Videos 
 Simulators 





Warranty & Protection Plans



 Extended Warranties 
 Warranty Statements 
 Warranty Registration 
 Migrating Machine Policy 
 PowerGard™ Maintenance Plans 
 UltraGard™ Physical Damage 





StellarSupport™



 Product Activation 
 Software Updates 
 Training 
 Download Center 
 Tools & Calculators 
 Answer Center 
 AMS Forums 
 Contact Us 
 Dealer Corner 





Recalls





Safety







 






Providing for the Future, Together








Agriculture

Lawn & Garden

Construction

Landscaping & Grounds Care

Golf & Sports Turf

Forestry

Engines & Drivetrain

Government & Military Sales

Rental Sales








Deere Days of Summer Sales EventTake a closer look   



Quick Tools

Build Your Own
Locate a Dealer
Order Parts
Find Manuals
Find Used Equipment












The Silicon Prairie   Get the inside story on cutting edge tech down on the farm    


Imagery Comes Of Age   Read more in The Furrow    


Machine Health Monitoring   The data revolution is upon us    









                                    ... 








  








 


































Deere & Co. Recall Compact Utility Tractors for Seat Belt Bracket Failure Hazard | CPSC.gov

































Skip to main content






Languages
简体中文
English
Bahasa Indonesia
한국어
Español
ภาษาไทย
Tiếng Việt





          Text Size: Decrease Font
Increase Font



Contact CPSC



Consumers:



Businesses:






Report an Unsafe Product

Consumers
Businesses










United States
CONSUMER PRODUCT SAFETY COMMISSION




Search CPSC











Search

















Report an Unsafe Product

Consumers
Businesses






 


HomeRecalls 



Deere & Co. Recall Compact Utility Tractors for Seat Belt Bracket Failure Hazard

































July 25, 2006Alert #06-567

 




The following product safety recall was voluntarily conducted by the firm in cooperation with the CPSC. Consumers should stop using recalled products immediately unless otherwise instructed. It is illegal to resell or attempt to resell a recalled consumer product.
Name of Product: John Deere 3000 Twenty Series and 4000 Twenty Series Open Station Compact Utility Tractors
Units: About 2,800
Manufacturer: Deere & Co., of Moline, Ill.
Hazard: The seat bracket to which the seat belt is attached could have been positioned incorrectly during the manufacturing process resulting in a poor weld. In a tractor roll over, the weight of the operator could cause the bracket to break off of the seat's pivot plate.
Incidents/Injuries: None reported
Description: These vehicles are small agricultural tractors that are green with yellow seats and wheels. The following model and serial numbers can be found on the serial number plate on the tractor's frame:




ModelSerial Numbers


3120
LV3120H210126 through 210552


3320
LV3320E138296 & 245001 through 245250LV3320F139038 & 250001 through 250015LV3320H230163 through 231295LV3320P240043 through 240199


3520
LV3520E270019 through 270240LV3520F275002 through 275029LV3520H258079 & 258205 through 258988LV3520P266001 through 266169


3720
LV3720E290014 through 290325LV3720H280020 through 280669


4120
LV4120H310005 through 310220LV4120P317068 through 317435


4320
LV4320E338001 through 338011LV4320F339002 through 339008LV4320H320037 through 320562LV4320P330037 through 330286


4520
LV4520E358001 through 358223LV4520F360006 through 360052LV4520H250391 & 340043 through 340385LV4520P255680 & 347024 through 347334


4720
LV4720H370053 through 370771




Sold at: Authorized John Deere dealers nationwide from October 2005 through March 2006 for between $17,000 and $28,300.
Manufactured In: United States
Remedy: The company is directly notifying those consumers who purchased an affected tractor. Consumers should contact a John Deere dealer for a free repair.
Consumer Contact: For more information, contact John Deere's Customer Contact Center at (800) 537-8233 between 8 a.m. and 7 p.m. ET Monday through Friday and 9 a.m. and 5:30 p.m. ET Saturday, or go to John Deere's Web site at www.deere.com
 





The U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission is charged with protecting the public from unreasonable risks of injury or death associated with the use of
          thousands of types of consumer products under the agency’s jurisdiction. Deaths, injuries, and property damage from consumer product incidents cost the
          nation more than $1 trillion annually. CPSC is committed to protecting consumers and families from products that pose a fire, electrical, chemical or
          mechanical hazard. CPSC's work to help ensure the safety of consumer products - such as toys, cribs, power tools, cigarette lighters and household
          chemicals -– contributed to a decline in the rate of deaths and injuries associated with consumer products over the past 40 years.
Federal law bars any person from selling products subject to a publicly-announced voluntary recall by a manufacturer or a mandatory recall ordered by the
          Commission.
To report a dangerous product or a product-related injury go online to www.SaferProducts.gov or call CPSC's Hotline at 800-638-2772 or teletypewriter at
          301-595-7054 for the hearing impaired. Consumers can obtain news release and recall information at www.cpsc.gov, on Twitter @USCPSC or by subscribing
          to CPSC's free e-mail newsletters.



Media Contact
Please use the below phone number for all media requests.

              Phone: (301) 504-7908
              Spanish: (301) 504-7800

View CPSC contacts for specific areas of expertise




Related Recalls  


 Hydrostatic Lawn Tractors Recalled by Hydro-Gear Due to Crash Hazard  

 Compact Tractors Recalled by John Deere Due to Injury Hazard  

 Husqvarna Recalls Lawn Tractors; Parking Brake Failure Can Cause Loss of Control  

 John Deere Tractors Recalled Due to Collision Hazard  

 Deere & Company Recalls Lawn Tractors, Blade Could Operate While Mower Unattended  





Search Product Safety Reports
Search Product Safety Reports on Saferproducts.gov 


Find more about government recalls
Recalls.gov


Find recalls from around the world
Global Recall Portal


 
 












×
You are about to leave the U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission (CPSC) public website.


The link you selected is for a destination outside of the Federal Government. CPSC does not control this external site or its privacy policy and cannot attest to the accuracy of the information it contains. You may wish to review the privacy policy of the external site as its information collection practices may differ from ours. Linking to this external site does not constitute an endorsement of the site or the information it contains by CPSC or any of its employees.
Click Ok if you wish to continue to the website; otherwise, click Cancel to return to our site.


Ok
Cancel




 




Deere & Co (DE)  Company Profile | Reuters.com


























































X



Edition:

United States


















Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States
















Profile: Deere & Co (DE)





Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerIndustrialsHeavy Machinery & Vehicles












                
                        Overview
                    



                
                        News
                    



                
                        Key Developments
                    



                
                        People
                    



                
                        Charts
                    



                
                        Financials
                    



                
                        Analysts
                    



                    
                            Research
                        



                    
                            Pulse
                        










				DE on New York Consolidated


				128.44USD
27 Jul 2017





				    Change	(% chg)


		    
						    --


					            (--)
					        






Prev Close

$128.44


Open

--




Day's High

--


Day's Low

--




Volume

--


Avg. Vol

2,341,729




52-wk High

$129.00


52-wk Low

$76.73












					Full Description



Deere & Company, incorporated on April 25, 1958, is engaged in equipment operations. The Company is engaged in providing financial services. The Company operates through three business segments: agriculture and turf, construction and forestry, and financial services. The agriculture and turf segment manufactures and distributes a line of agriculture and turf equipment and related service parts. The construction and forestry segment provides a line of construction equipment, and forestry machines and attachments available in the world. The financial services segment primarily finances sales and leases by the Company dealers of new and used agriculture and turf equipment and construction and forestry equipment. Its products are marketed primarily through independent retail dealer networks and retail outlets. As of October 31, 2016, the Company's operations consisted of two geographic areas: the United States and Canada, and outside the United States and Canada.As of October 31, 2016, in the United States and Canada, the equipment operations owned and operated 21 factory locations, and leased and operated another two locations. Outside the United States and Canada, the equipment operations own or lease and operate: agriculture and turf equipment factories in Brazil, China, France, Germany, India, Israel, Mexico, the Netherlands, Russia and Spain; construction equipment factories in Brazil and China; engine, engine/power train, or electronic component factories in Argentina, China, France, India and Mexico, and forestry equipment factories in Finland and New Zealand.Agriculture and TurfThe Company's agriculture and turf segment primarily manufactures and distributes a line of agriculture and turf equipment and related service parts, including large, medium and utility tractors; loaders; combines, cotton pickers, cotton strippers, and sugarcane harvesters; related front-end harvesting equipment; sugarcane loaders and pull-behind scrapers; tillage, seeding and application equipment, including sprayers, nutrient management and soil preparation machinery; hay and forage equipment, including self-propelled forage harvesters and attachments, balers and mowers; turf and utility equipment, including riding lawn equipment and walk-behind mowers, golf course equipment, utility vehicles, and commercial mowing equipment, along with a line of associated implements; integrated agricultural management systems technology and solutions, and other outdoor power products. The agriculture and turf segment provides equipment management systems. Its telematics systems remotely connect agricultural equipment owners, business managers and dealers to agricultural equipment in the field, providing real-time alerts and information about equipment location, utilization, performance and maintenance. In addition to the John Deere brand, the agriculture and turf segment purchases and sells a range of equipment attachments under the Frontier, Kemper and Green Systems brand names, and manufactures and sells walk-behind mowers and scarifiers in select European countries under the SABO brand name.Construction and ForestryThe construction and forestry segment primarily manufactures and distributes a range of machines and service parts used in construction, earthmoving, material handling and timber harvesting, including backhoe loaders; crawler dozers and loaders; four-wheel-drive loaders; excavators; motor graders; articulated dump trucks; landscape loaders; skid-steer loaders, and log skidders, feller bunchers, log loaders, log forwarders, log harvesters and related attachments. The construction and forestry machines are distributed under the John Deere brand name, and forestry attachments are distributed under the John Deere and Waratah brand names. The construction and forestry segment also provides fleet management telematics solutions.Financial ServicesThe financial services segment provides wholesale financing to dealers of the foregoing equipment, finances retail revolving charge accounts and offers extended equipment warranties. The financial services operations offer retail leases to equipment users in the United States. The financial services operations also offer financing, primarily for its products in Australia, Brazil, China, India, New Zealand, Russia, Thailand, Africa, Asia, Europe and Latin America.The Company competes with AGCO Corporation, CLAAS KGaA mbH, CNH Global N.V., Kubota Tractor Corporation, The Toro Company, Caterpillar Inc., Komatsu Ltd., Volvo Group AB, Tigercat Industries Inc. and Ponsse Plc.

» Full Overview of DE







					Company Address



Deere & Co
One John Deere PlaceMOLINE   IL   61265-8098
P: +1309.7658000F: +1302.6555049







					Company Web Links



Home Page








					Officers & Directors






Name
Compensation




							 Samuel Allen

18,642,900




							 Rajesh Kalathur

4,106,700




							 James Field

4,569,910




							 Max Guinn

--




							 Cory Reed

--




» More Officers & Directors





					Deere & Co News




BRIEF-Deere & Co says June retail sales for 2WD tractors in U.S. & Canada Agriculture up ‍​single digit percent

Jul 11 2017 
BRIEF-Wacker Neuson: Kramer and John Deere to form strategic alliance

Jul 06 2017 
BRIEF-Deere buys Italian sprayer manufacturer Mazzotti

Jun 26 2017 
BRIEF-Deere & Co files for potential mixed shelf, size undisclosed - SEC filing‍​

Jun 15 2017 
MOVES-Citigroup appoints Shah to co-head EMEA industrials

Jun 12 2017 


» More DE  News
















Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerIndustrialsHeavy Machinery & Vehicles























Dealer Locator

















































REFINE RESULTS
Refine Product Category Results:







John Deere















SELECT YOUR REGION AND COUNTRY
Remember My Selection




NORTH AMERICA





Canada

Mexico (México)

United States




CENTRAL & SOUTH AMERICA





Argentina

Barbados

Belize

Bolivia

Brazil (Brasil)

Chile

Colombia

Costa Rica

Dominican Republic (República Dominicana)

Ecuador

El Salvador

French Guiana (Guyane française)

Guatemala

Guyana

Haiti (Haïti)

Honduras

Jamaica

Martinique

Nicaragua

Panama (Panamá)

Paraguay

Peru (Perú)

Puerto Rico

Suriname

Trinidad and Tobago

Uruguay

Venezuela




EUROPE





Albania

Austria

Belgium (België)

Bosnia-Herzegovina (Bosna i Hercegovina)

Bulgaria (България)

Croatia

Czech Republic (Česká republika)

Denmark (Danmark)

Estonia

Finland (Suomi)

France

Germany (Deutschland)

Greece (Ελλάδα)

Hungary (Magyarország)

Iceland

Ireland

Italy (Italia)

Latvia

Lithuania

Luxembourg

Macedonia

Malta

Netherlands (Nederland)

Norway (Norge)

Poland (Polska)

Portugal

Romania (România)

Russia (Россия)

Serbia (Србија)

Slovakia (Slovensko)

Slovenia (Slovenija)

Spain (España)

Sweden (Sverige)

Switzerland (Schweiz)

Turkey (Türkiye)

Ukraine (Украина)

United Kingdom




AFRICA





Algeria

Angola

Botswana

Cameroon (Cameroun)

Central African Republic (République centrafricaine)

Chad (Tchad)

Congo

Cote d'Ivoire (Ivory Coast) (Côte d'Ivoire)

Democratic Republic of Congo (République démocratique du Congo)

Egypt

Ethiopia

Gabon

Ghana

Guinea

Kenya

Liberia

Libya

Madagascar

Malawi

Mauritania (Mauritanie)

Mauritius

Morocco

Mozambique (Moçambique)

Namibia

Nigeria

Republic of South Sudan

Reunion (Réunion)

Senegal (Sénégal)

South Africa

Swaziland

Tanzania

Tunisia

Uganda

Zambia

Zimbabwe




NEAR & MIDDLE EAST





Iraq

Israel

Jordan

Kuwait

Lebanon

Qatar

Republic of Yemen

Saudi Arabia

Sultanate of Oman

Turkey (Türkiye)

United Arab Emirates




ASIA





Bangladesh

Cambodia

China (中国)

Guam

Hong Kong

India

Indonesia

Japan

Laos

Malaysia

Maldives

Mongolia

Myanmar (Burma)

Nepal

Pakistan

Philippines

Republic of Korea

Russia (Россия)

Singapore

Sri Lanka

Taiwan

Thailand

Turkey (Türkiye)

Vietnam




AUSTRALIA & NEW ZEALAND





Australia

New Zealand




COMMONWEALTH OF INDEPENDENT STATES (CIS)





Armenia

Azerbaijan

Belarus

Georgia

Kazakhstan

Moldova

Russia (Россия)

Turkmenistan

Ukraine (Украина)

Uzbekistan












Copyright © 2017 Deere & Company. All Rights Reserved.

Site Map | 
							Privacy and Data | 
							Legal | 				
							Contact us























John Deere Worldwide






























































































Select your Region or Country


Remember My Selection



Go Back







NORTH AMERICA




CanadaEnglishFrançais






USAEnglish






Mexico (México)Español




CENTRAL & SOUTH AMERICA




ArgentinaEspañol






BoliviaEspañol






Brazil (Brasil)Português






Other Central America & Caribbean CountriesEnglish






ChileEspañol






ColombiaEspañol






Costa RicaEspañol






Dominican Republic (República Dominicana)Español






EcuadorEspañol






GuatemalaEspañol






HondurasEspañol






NicaraguaEspañol






Otros Países de Latinoamérica y CentroaméricaEspañol






Panama (Panamá)Español






ParaguayEspañol






Peru (Perú)Español






UruguayEspañol






VenezuelaEspañol




AFRICA




North AfricaEnglish






South AfricaEnglish






Sub-Saharan AfricaEnglish






All Other African CountriesEnglish


 
ASIA




China（中国）简体中文






CISEnglish






IndiaEnglish






Russia (РОССИЯ)Pусский язык






ThailandEnglishภาษาไทย






All Other Asian CountriesEnglish




AUSTRALIA & NEW ZEALAND




AustraliaEnglish






New ZealandEnglish




EUROPE




Austria (Österreich)Deutsch






Belgium (België)NederlandsFrançais






Bulgaria (България)Български






CISEnglish






Croatia (Hrvatska)Hrvatski






Czech Republic (Česká Republika)Česky






Denmark (Danmark)Danske






Estonia (Eesti)eesti






Finland (Suomi)Suomi






FranceFrançais






Greece (Ελλάδα)Ελληνικά






Germany (Deutschland)Deutsch






Hungary (Magyarország)magyar






Italy (Italia)Italiano






Latvia (Latvijā)Latviešu






Lithuania (Lietuva)Lietuvių






LuxembourgEnglish


 


Netherlands (Nederland)Nederlands






Norway (Norge) norsk






Poland (Polska)Język polski






PortugalPortuguês






Romania (România)Română






Russia (РОССИЯ)Pусский язык






Serbia (Srbija)Srpski






Slovakia (Slovenská Republika)slovenský






Spain (España)Español






Sweden (Sverige)Svenska






Switzerland (Schweiz)DeutschFrançais






Ukraine (Україна)Pусский язык






UK & IrelandEnglish






All Other European CountriesEnglish




MIDDLE EAST




Near & Middle EastEnglish






Turkey (Türkiye)Türkçe




DISTRIBUTORS




Power Systems Distributor LocatorEnglish






Forestry Distributor LocatorEnglish














Remember My Selection









































Copyright © 2017 Deere & Company. All Rights Reserved
Contact Us | Privacy and Data | Legal

























