


Deerfield Partners










I am visiting as a...

Investor
Broker
Developer



© 2017 Deerfield Partners.









Deerfield Partners











Investor
Broker
Developer

Deerfield Partners


Join the Newsletter

Sign Up


About Us
Why Deerfield Partners?
Track Record
Why buy a drugstore?
Drugstores For Sale
Contact



About Walgreens
Walgreens History
Rankings & Ratings
Sales & Earnings
Stores Nationwide




Why Buy a Walgreens, CVS or Rite Aid Drugstore?
Secure, Guaranteed Cash Flow for 20+ Years
Buying a property net leased to Walgreens, CVS or Rite Aid is widely regarded as one of the safest, most secure real estate investments. Unlike many other retail investment properties, every property leased by Walgreens, CVS or Rite Aid is guaranteed by the full assets of the billion dollar corporations.
Walgreens and CVS have not, and will not, default. Rent is paid monthly, like clockwork. And will be for the next 20+ years of the lease. 
	Zero Landlord Responsibilities AND Zero Cost Exposure
As an owner of a property leased to Walgreens, CVS or Rite Aid, you will have ZERO management responsibilities and ZERO exposure to any unforeseen costs or expenses. The standard drugstore lease is truly triple-net (NNN), meaning that the Tenant itself is legally obligated to handle the payment and management of ALL operating expenses, insurance, and property taxes.
As an investor, there are no hidden fees and NO OWNERSHIP HEADACHES! Walgreens or CVS, as the tenant, is solely responsible for maintenance, repair and insurance costs in addition to rent.
In many ways, owning an investment property NNN leased to Walgreens or CVS is like owning a corporate bond--your investment will produce a fixed yield to maturity. There are no expense pitfalls as can be found in other types of real estate investments.
Leverage, Depreciation, and Tax Savings
Owners of drugstore properties enjoy the same financial benefits as all other real estate investors: leverage, depreciation, and tax savings.
Leverage can allow an investor to use borrowed money to maximize cash flow in the shorter-term, or structure a longer-term loan for estate planning purposes. As a result of Walgreens and CVS stellar credit ratings and financial standing, there are a variety of financing options available to investors. In fact, in today's market, Walgreens' and CVS' credit is highly sought after by lenders, so borrowers are offered more favorable terms than are available for many other commercial property investments.
Depreciation of a commercial real estate investment provides most investors with very significant after-tax savings. In fact, the tax savings provided by depreciation are often the primary reason investors choose to allocate a portion of their net worth to real estate investments. Walgreens properties, like all commercial property, is depreciated over 39 years, on a straight-line basis. However, for the savvy and sophisticated investor, returns may be enhanced by accelerated depreciation.
A Great Estate Planning Tool
We have found that the vast majority of Walgreens and CVS buyers are considering their longer-term, family estate planning when acquiring a Walgreens property.
Likely, for all of the reasons above:

Secure, guaranteed cash flow for 20+ years
Zero landlord responsibilities and zero cost exposure
Leverage, depreciation, and tax savings

You Are Buying the Best Corner in Town
Don't forget that you are buying real estate! Generally speaking, when you buy a property leased to Walgreens or CVS, you will be buying the best corner in town. Walgreens and CVS are highly selective in their site selection criteria, and most new stores are located at "Main and Main."
For the past two decades, the Walgreens and CVS corporate real estate departments have been the darlings of the NNN industry. They simply are the best at site selection. Each site must run through a gauntlet of corporate hurdles, including:

demographic requirements
traffic counts
cost, sales and profitability modeling
competitive landscape analysis
retail trade area concentration

Walgreens and CVS are corporations with long-term vision. They have a strategy and plan which they have executed well. A key component of that strategy is opening stores in locations that will be the most profitable. Remember, when Walgreens or CVS signs a lease to open a new store they are committing to pay rent at that location for at least 20 years! As an investor, you can rest assured that each location has been thoroughly vetted by Walgreens or CVS corporate and, as a result, may be more likely to hold value, or appreciate with future development, than any other investment property.


Contact Us
Deerfield Partners71 Stevenson St.Suite 400San Francisco, CA 94105Call us at (888) 353-0441
John GiordaniPartnerjg@deerfieldteam.comLic. # 01323433
Art GriffithPartneratg@deerfieldteam.comLic. # 01400709



© 2017 Deerfield Partners.








Deerfield Partners











Investor
Broker
Developer

Deerfield Partners


Join the Newsletter

Sign Up


About Us
Why Deerfield Partners?
Track Record
Why buy a drugstore?
Drugstores For Sale
Contact



Our Philosophy
Our Story




Our Philosophy
Six things we know to be true
As we constantly strive to maintain our position as the leading drugstore experts in the marketplace, these core principles guide our actions.

Advise Sellers and Buyers as if it were our own investment.
Our guiding maxim. The key to offering the best advice is to act as if the decision were being made with our dollars. We recognize that the value of a trusting relationship is one hundred times the value of a commission from any given transaction. Whether advising a Seller or a Buyer, we take great care to ensure that your decision will ultimately serve you, rather than our own internal goal or bottom line.
It's best to do one thing really, really well.
We are 100% focused on drugstores. All day, every day, we are focused exclusively on real estate investments leased to Walgreens, CVS, and Rite Aid. We know what we do well, and we continually strive to do it better. As a result of our exclusive focus on drugstores, every conversation we have throughout the day accumulates to our clients' benefit. Be it a tidbit of market information from a Seller, Buyer or Broker, our real-time market information will provide you with a competitive advantage and enable you to make the best, most fully informed decision possible.
Fast is better than slow.
We know your time is valuable (as is ours), so when you're seeking advice and market information you want it right away – and we have the critical information you need at our fingertips thanks to a proprietary database redeveloped several times over the past decade. We are the only brokers in the nation who can offer you real-time market information on Walgreens, CVS, and Rite Aid throughout the development lifecycle: from approval by real estate committee, to lease signing, under construction, open and for sale, LOI signed, contract signed, non-refundable deposit, sold. We've invested a tremendous amount of dollars (and even more man hours and brain power), into developing custom tracking systems that allow us to capture and report market information in ways that our competitors haven't even thought of yet. And we continue to work on making it all faster, more accurate, and more valuable to you on a daily basis.
Most market information available to you is dated, inaccurate, and misleading.
Third-party internet listing services are at best dated and incomplete, but at worst inaccurate and misleading. Unfortunately for many Sellers, Buyers and Brokers, these internet sites are their primary source of market information for Walgreens, CVS, and Rite Aid investment properties. Fortunately for you, a working relationship with Deerfield Partners will avail you of real-time market information that will prove to be your competitive advantage in your decision making and negotiations.
You can be serious about business and still have a good time making deals.
We believe that goals should be challenging, and the challenge should be fun. We are energetic, passionate guys from diverse backgrounds. We approach work, play and life creatively and enthusiastically. We understand that our partnership produces overall better results than if each of us was working toward the same goal individually. Based on our experience with 300+ drugstore transactions, we know that our partnership with you can produce better results than you making your drugstore decisions on your own.
Being the best just isn't good enough.
We see being the best advisors and brokers in the drugstore market as a milestone, not an endpoint. We set goals for ourselves we know we can't reach yet, because we know that by stretching to meet them we will accomplish even more than we expect. Through hustle, innovation and iteration, we strive to maximize our potential and make our business better every day.



Contact Us
Deerfield Partners71 Stevenson St.Suite 400San Francisco, CA 94105Call us at (888) 353-0441
John GiordaniPartnerjg@deerfieldteam.comLic. # 01323433
Art GriffithPartneratg@deerfieldteam.comLic. # 01400709



© 2017 Deerfield Partners.








Deerfield Partners











Investor
Broker
Developer

Deerfield Partners


Join the Newsletter

Sign Up


About Us
Why Deerfield Partners?
Track Record
Why buy a drugstore?
Drugstores For Sale
Contact



Contact Us Today
Deerfield Partners
    71 Stevenson St.
    Suite 400
    San Francisco, CA 94105
    (888) 353-0441 Phone
    (415) 871-2577 Fax



Name *



Email *



Comments *



Submit




Contact Us
Deerfield Partners71 Stevenson St.Suite 400San Francisco, CA 94105Call us at (888) 353-0441
John GiordaniPartnerjg@deerfieldteam.comLic. # 01323433
Art GriffithPartneratg@deerfieldteam.comLic. # 01400709



© 2017 Deerfield Partners.









	Deerfield | Deerfield Management













































HOME
INVESTMENT
INSTITUTE
FOUNDATION

NEWS AND EVENTS

CONTACT US












Advancing healthcare® through investment,
information and philanthropy.










Investment
We believe our approaches to capital funding are uniquely flexible to give companies the leverage they need to advance their business goals and set new standards for the healthcare industry. 

Read More...









Institute
Our partners benefit from our well researched understanding of the healthcare ecosystem, enabling them to identify new opportunities and optimally position their products and services. 
Read More...








Foundation
The Deerfield Foundation, created to give our people more opportunities to help others, pursues philanthropic initiatives with a special focus on children and medical innovation.

Read More...
















NEWS AND EVENTS







Deerfield led funding for Proteon Therapeutics, Inc. - June 2017Adeptus Health and Deerfield Join Forces to Enable High Quality Emergency Care - April 2017Deerfield Management Company Invests $170 Million to Advance Aortic Disorder Treatment - April 2017Deerfield Newsletter – Understanding the Policy Debate Around the ACA, Break into the Boardroom Program, Deerfield Foundation, Meet the Fellows, Get to Know Some Deerfield’ers, IP Corner - March 2017Deerfield Hires Vicki Gaddy as Head of Human Resource Strategy and Talent Acquisition - February 2017Deerfield Continues to Advance Healthcare Through the Publication of Novel Findings - January 2017MD Anderson and Deerfield Management create Vescor LLC to develop novel therapeutics based on inhibiting autophagy for treatment of specific cancers - January 2017Deerfield Newsletter - Traveling  A New Path for Innovation with Bridge Medicines – Meet the Fellows – Get to Know Some Deerfield’ers – IP Corner - December 2016Deerfield Leads Seies A Investment in Chondrial Therapeutics - November 2016Pioneering Drug Discovery Company Bridge Medicines Launched to Advance Promising Early Technologies in Major Academic Institutions through Human Proof of Concept - October 2016Deerfield Announces Strategic Collaboration with Peking Union School of Public Health to Advance Healthcare in China - October 2016Deerfield Leads Series D Investment in SentreHEART - October 2016Deerfield Invests in FOG Pharmaceuticals, Inc. - October 2016Deerfield Newsletter – Gene Therapy – The Price is Right, Board Diversity, IP Corner - September 2016Deerfield Management Company Completes Sale of Veterinary Practice Partners to Pamlico Capital - August 2016Deerfield Announces Lead Investment in Visionary Anti-Fibrotic Company Blade Therapeutics - June 2016Deerfield Newsletter - Electronic Health Records, Biomedical Innovation, IP Corner - June 2016Deerfield Supports Patient Care Advancing Ophthalmology Company Graybug Vision  - May 2016Deerfield Invests $80 million in Leading Population Health Services Company - April 2016Deerfield Leads $34 Million Investment in Lumos Pharma - April 2016Deerfield Invests in Potential Treatment Transforming Electrophysiology Company  - March 2016Deerfield Invests in Transformative Microbiome Platform - February 2016Deerfield Management and Oxeon Unlock the Power of Women in the Boardroom - February 2016Deerfield Advances Healthcare Through the Publication of Novel Findings - January 2016Deerfield Leads Investment in Advantia Health - January 2016Deerfield Announces Partnership with Recovery Centers of America - December 2015Deerfield Leads Series 1-A financing for Hallux - December 2015Deerfield Invests in Series A for Aziyo - November 2015Deerfield Management Announces Partnership with Gregory Sorensen and Deerfield Imaging  - October 2015Deerfield Makes $50 Million Commitment to AAC Holdings to Expand Clinical Care and Treatment with Additional $50 Million Incremental Facility - October 2015Deerfield Leads Funding in Creation of Akari Therapeutics - September 2015Deerfield Invests in Headspace - August 2015Deerfield Invests $20 million in Editas Medicine - August 2015Deerfield Invests in Rhythm Metabolic - August 2015Deerfield Launches $550 Million Healthcare Venture-Capital Fund - July 2015How to End the Regulatory Slowdown for New Antibiotics - WSJ - July 2015Deerfield Invests in TriNetX - July 2015Deerfield Invests in CytomX Therapeutics - June 2015Deerfield Invests in NeoChord - June 2015Deerfield Announces a $300 million commitment to create and build Aralez Pharmaceuticals Ltd. - June 2015Deerfield supports EuropaBio selected Most Innovative European Biotech SME Awards - June 2015Deerfield Commits to Invest $10 million in Vital Access - May 2015Deerfield Invests in Shockwave Medical - May 2015Deerfield Leads Series B Preferred Financing for Cureatr - May 2015Deerfield Invests $48 million in Trinity Biotech - April 2015Deerfield and EuropaBio Publish a Report on Regulatory and HTA Scientific Advice for Small and Medium Enterprises - March 2015Deerfield Provides Debt Facility to Depomed - March 2015Improving Pharmaceutical Innovation by Building a More Comprehensive Database on Drug Development and Use (Health Affair: Feb 2015) - February 2015Deerfield Institute Announces the Publication of “Improving Pharmaceutical Innovation by Building a More Comprehensive Database on Drug Development and Use” in the February issue of Health Affairs Journal” - February 2015Deerfield Management Company Invests in SteadyMed Ltd. - January 2015Deerfield Finances Pioneer in 3D Printing for Pharmaceuticals - January 2015Deerfield Management Company Invests in REGENXBIO Inc. - January 2015Deerfield Invests in Essa Pharmaceuticals - January 2015Deerfield Invests in Global Blood Therapeutics - January 2015Deerfield Invests in Audentes Therapeutics - December 2014Deerfield Invests in Conventus Orthopaedics, Inc. - December 2014Deerfield Management Company Invests $50 million in Alimera Sciences, Inc. - November 2014Deerfield Management Company Announces a $5 million investment in MedAvail Technologies, Inc. - October 2014Deerfield Management Company Announces a $125 million Term Sheet with SHINE Medical Technologies, Inc. - October 2014Deerfield Management Announces a $125 million Facility with Aerie Pharmaceuticals - September 2014Deerfield Announces a $4.5 million Venture Capital Investment in Epion Health - July 2014Deerfield Management Company Announces up to a $60 million Facility with KemPharm, Inc. - June 2014Deerfield Invests in  Spark Therapeutics - May 2014Deerfield Invests in Proteon Therapeutics, Inc. - May 2014Deerfield Invests $27.5mm in OMNIlife science, Inc. - April 2014Deerfield Announces New $1.6 Billion Private Investment Fund to Advance Healthcare - April 2014Deerfield Announces a $35 million Investment Commitment for Cytomedix, Inc. - March 2014Deerfield Announces $15 Million Investment in Wellfount - March 2014Deerfield Provides up to $250 million in Acquisition Financing to Horizon Pharma - March 2014Deerfield Announces up to a $50 million Investment in Alphatec Spine - March 2014Deerfield Provides a flexible financing of up to $100 million to Infinity Pharmaceuticals - February 2014Deerfield Announces up to $50 Million Investment in Fidelis SeniorCare - January 2014Deerfield Invests $160 Million in MannKind Corporation - July 2013Deerfield Announces $35 Million Investment in WorldOne  - April 2013Deerfield Announces $30 Million Investment in Discovery Labs - February 2013Deerfield Announces Financing Transaction with Flamel Technologies  - February 2013Deerfield Completes $20.5 Million Financing in Pacific Biosciences - February 2013Deerfield Management Announces Appointment of Jonathan S. Leff as Partner and Chairman of the Deerfield Institute  - December 2012Deerfield Provides a flexible $50 million facility to MAKO Surgical - May 2012Deerfield Divests topical herpes drug Denavir to Renaissance Pharmaceuticals - October 2010

















Who We Are


 









Healthcare Humor








Publications







Investment and incentives in 21st Century pharmaceutical research in Europe: the cost of opportunity - March   2017Considerations on bringing warehoused HCV patients into active care following interferon-free, direct-acting antiviral drug approval - March   2017Deerfield Continues to Advance Healthcare Through the Publication of Novel Findings - January   2017Consumer satisfaction with tertiary healthcare in China: findings from the 2015 China National Patient Survey - January   2017Recent trends in the prevalence of low-dose aspirin use for primary and secondary prevention of cardiovascular disease in the United-States, 2012-2015 - December   2016Recent Trends in Percutaneous Coronary Intervention Volume in the United States: Analysis of HCUP-NIS, 2010-2013 - December   2016Press releases for Phase 2 clinical trial topline results: Have the objective pre-specified efficacy results been disclosed? - December   2016Communication practices and awareness of resources for acromegaly patients among endocrinologists - December   2016A Brief Patent Primer - December   2016Epidemiology of Chronic Kidney Disease and Predictors of Hyperkalemia: Analysis of Nhanes 2007-2014 - November   2016Neuroendocrine tumor liver metastases treated with yttrium-90 radioembolization - September   2016Epidemiology of Low Dose Aspirin Use for Primary and Secondary Prevention of Cardiovascular Disease  - July   2016Mitral valve disease in the United States: retrospective analysis of hospitalizations and surgical procedures using the National Inpatient Sample (World Congress on Heart Disease abstract) - July   2016Building a Drug Development Database: Challenges in Reliable Data Availability - July   2016Modeling the Burden of Abdominal Aortic Aneurysm in the USA in 2013 - June   2016Idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis: physician's perceptions of patient treatment with recently approved drugs - April   2016Awareness of nonalcoholic steatohepatitis and associated practice patterns of primary care physicians and specialists - March   2016The Prevalence of Peyronie's Disease in the United States: A Population-Based Study - February   2016Self-reported physician practices in pulmonary arterial hypertension: diagnosis, assessment, and referral - December   2015Read our latest article on fertility management - December   2015Treating Clostridium difficile infections: Should fecal microbiota transplantation be reclassified from investigational drug to human tissue? - December   2015A novel design for randomized immuno-oncology clinical trials with potentially delayed treatment effects - November   2015Prize winning abstract on AAA presented at Annual meeting of American College of Epidemiology - September   2015The pursuit of balance: an overview of covariate-adaptive randomization techniques in clinical trials - August   2015Design of clinical trials with failure-time endpoints and interim analyses: an update after fifteen years - May   2015Improving pharmaceutical innovation by building a more comprehensive database on drug development and use - February   2015










Contact Us

 


















x














© 2017 Deerfield. All rights reserved | Contact | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
















	Deerfeld | Deerfield Management Contact Us


















































HOME
INVESTMENT
INSTITUTE
FOUNDATION

NEWS AND EVENTS

CONTACT US





















United States

            780 Third Avenue
            37th floor
            New York, NY 10017
            T: (+1) 212-551-1600
            F: (+1) 212-599-3075




            China

            K Wah Center 3703
            Middle Huaihai Road 1010
            Shanghai, China 200031
            T: (+86) 21 6079 3988 





Europe

            Route de la Corniche 3a
            1066 Epalinges
            Switzerland
            T: (+41) 21 651 9083
            F: (+41) 21 651 9081












Investment and Partnership inquiries to   Karen Heidelberger
Karenh1@deerfield.com


 
            




            Karen Heidelberger










 
            As Chief Partnership and Communications Officer at Deerfield, Karen is responsible for relationships with investors, partner companies, and other interested parties. Prior to this role, Karen was a Trader at Deerfield for over a decade.  In this capacity, she was responsible for trading in public securities on behalf of the Funds and developing and communicating market information to the firm. Prior to joining Deerfield in 2002, Karen was a Vice President in the Sales and Trading division of Merrill Lynch.  Also at Merrill, she served as a Conflicts Coordinator in the Mergers and Acquisitions department. In this role she was responsible for ensuring that Merrill Lynch was clear of legal and business conflicts of interest before the firm was able to accept an assignment. Karen is on the board of the Cornell Institute for Healthy Futures since 2016.  She graduated from the Cornell University, School of Hotel Administration and earned her M.B.A. from Harvard Business School.




Deerfield Foundation inquiries to Shannon Plumstead
Splumstead@deerfield.com
















© 2017 Deerfield. All rights reserved | Contact | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy

















	Deerfield Management > PublicationDetail







































HOME
INVESTMENT
INSTITUTE
FOUNDATION

NEWS AND EVENTS

CONTACT US








 INSTITUTE
CONFIDENTIALITY INSTITUTE REPRESENTATIVES
PUBLICATIONS



PUBLICATIONS



July   2016




Mitral valve disease in the United States: retrospective analysis of hospitalizations and surgical procedures using the National Inpatient Sample (World Congress on Heart Disease abstract)





Mark Stuntz
World Congress on Heart Disease




access article here





                    a b s t r a c t
                







Introduction
Valvular heart disease (VHDs), of which the mitral valve is frequently implicated, are collectively responsible for more than 20,000 annual deaths in the United States and the economic burden on the public health system due to VHDs is estimated in the billions of dollars.

Objective
The aim of this study was to assess the number of mitral valve disease hospitalizations and surgical procedures in the United States during the period 2010-2013. 

Materials and Methods
Patient data were extracted from the Healthcare Cost and Utilization Project (HCUP) National Inpatient Sample (NIS). The NIS is the largest publicly available all-payer inpatient healthcare database in the United States, containing a 20% stratified systematic random sample of discharges from all US community hospitals. The most recent 4 years of available data, 2010-2013, were used for this analysis. Patients diagnosed with mitral valve disease were identified using the appropriate International Classification of Diseases 9th revision (ICD-9) diagnosis codes. ICD-9 procedure codes were used to identify surgeries to repair or replace the mitral valve, including transcatheter mitral valve repair (TMVR), open repair, tissue graft, and synthetic replacement. Categorical variables were analyzed using the chi-squared test, while continuous variables were analyzed using a one-way analysis of variance (ANOVA) or independent samples t-test.

Results
There were 174,2587 discharge records in 2013 with a diagnosis of mitral valve disease. Using HCUP’s sampling weights, this extrapolates to 871,290 hospitalizations in the United States. This is a slight decrease from 2010, when there were 883,933 estimated hospitalizations. The mean age of patients hospitalized for mitral valve disease increased from 71.15 (95% CI: 71.08-71.23) years in 2010 to 71.68 (95% CI: 71.61-71.76) years in 2013 (p<0.0001). 61.7% of mitral valve hospitalizations were females in 2010 compared with 59.2% in 2013 (p<0.0001). Mitral valve surgical procedures increased from 35,111 procedures in 2010 to 38,030 procedures in 2013. Concurrently, the proportion of mitral valve disease patients that underwent a surgical procedure to repair or replace the mitral valve increased from 3.5% in 2010 to 3.9% in 2013 (p<0.0001). Among elderly patients ≥80 years of age, mitral valve disease represented an increasing proportion of all hospitalizations, increasing from 6.0% in 2010 to 6.6% in 2013. Patients with a primary diagnosis of mitral valve disease who underwent a mitral valve surgical procedure were younger on average than those with a primary diagnosis of mitral valve disease who did not undergo a surgical procedure: 64.50 (95% CI: 64.31-64.69) years vs. 70.73 (95% CI: 70.51-70.95) years (p<0.0001).

Conclusions
This study reveals that mitral valve disease is a considerable public health problem in the United States, particularly among older adults. During 2010-2013, an increasing proportion of hospitalized patients with mitral valve disease underwent surgical procedures to repair or replace the valve. Overall, the volume of mitral valve surgical procedures increased approximately 8.3% from 2010 to 2013.












© 2017 Deerfield. All rights reserved | Contact | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy

















	Deerfield Management > PressRelease







































HOME
INVESTMENT
INSTITUTE
FOUNDATION

NEWS AND EVENTS

CONTACT US










NEWS AND EVENTS




Deerfield and EuropaBio Publish a Report on Regulatory and HTA Scientific Advice for Small and Medium Enterprises - March  2015





NEW YORK & BRUSSELS--(BUSINESS WIRE)-- EuropaBio, the European Association for Bioindustries, and the Deerfield Institute have partnered to carry out a survey on the current state of regulatory and health technology assessment (HTA) advice with a special focus on small and medium sized enterprises (SMEs). The findings suggest early regulatory scientific and HTA advice may help SMEs to better prepare and manage their clinical programs toward facilitating both regulatory approval and positive HTA recommendations,and therefore contribute to their increased competitiveness.
Main findings 
“Despite agreement amongst all stakeholders that early interactions between regulatory, HTA authorities and SMEs would be positive, ensuring that these interactions actually take place is not straightforward. Given that many SMEs focus on the early stage of development and can be quite limited in terms of personnel and resources, the process of seeking such advice can be perceived as lengthy,formal, and cumbersome”, said Miriam Gargesi, Director for Healthcare Biotechnology at EuropaBio. However, the findings also show that both the authorities and the SMEs acknowledged the need to become more flexible, and to diversify and increase the number of interactions between them.
“Early dialogue activities have the potential to reduce drug development uncertainties related to regulatory and HTA assessments. While existing HTA scientific advice programs have made a good start and EuropaBio member companies have reported positive experiences so far, there are a number of other needs to be met,particularly in the areas of information, training and coordination”, said Paolo Morgese, Director of European Research for the Deerfield Institute and Chair of EuropaBio’s HTA Topic Group.
Background 
Phase III clinical trials are the last and vital development step before submitting healthcare biotech products for approval. While the costs for these trials are rising, the success rate is still 50% at phase III, according to the UK's Centre for Medicines Research. Success at phase III clinical trials is not the end of the story, as drugs will still have to go through regulatory and HTA evaluation processes before being accessible to European patients. Reviews from the European Medicines Agency, and to a larger extent from HTA authorities,have proven to be a significant challenge for biotech SMEs, often resulting in very limited access to new biotech drugs.
Against this context and the resulting significant financial burden incurred during phase III clinical trials, companies, regulatory and HTA authorities are starting to work together at earlier stages of drug development in order to make drug development more efficient. This could eventually help companies better understand what data the authorities need earlier in the process, thus leading to better designed clinical trials and fewer drugs failing at the approval stage, or not being reimbursed.
The full report is available on the websites of Deerfield (http://goo.gl/hR1aUM) and Europabio (http://goo.gl/VkdpZZ) 
About EuropaBio 
EuropaBio is the European Association of Bio Industries. EuropaBio members are involved in research, development, testing, manufacturing and commercialization of biotech products and processes in human and animal healthcare, diagnostics, bioinformatics, chemicals, crop protection, agriculture, food and environmental products and services. EuropaBio also counts a number of National Biotech Associations in its membership, who in turn represent more than 1800 biotech SMEs.
For more information, please visit: www.europabio.org 
About Deerfield 
The Deerfield Institute is the research and analytics group of Deerfield, an investment organization with the mission of advancing healthcare through investment, information and philanthropy. Comprised of over 30 researchers based in the US, Switzerland and China, the Deerfield Institute focuses on analyzing the healthcare industry through many dimensions including market research, market access, biostatistics, intellectual property, clinical and regulatory evaluation.
For more information on the Deerfield Institute, please visit: http://www.deerfield.com/DI

Contacts
Deerfield
Management Company
Karen Heidelberger, 212-692-7140
karenh@deerfield.com
















© 2017 Deerfield. All rights reserved | Contact | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy

















	Deerfield Management > Publications







































HOME
INVESTMENT
INSTITUTE
FOUNDATION

NEWS AND EVENTS

CONTACT US








 INSTITUTE
CONFIDENTIALITY INSTITUTE REPRESENTATIVES
PUBLICATIONS



    We publish research data to help advance healthcare and to enable researchers to have access to recent, relevant information. 










PUBLICATIONS
                                



All
Article
Abstract
Editorial
Deerfield Announcement




Access News and Events here



PARTNERSHIPS
                                






















2017 2016 Older 










                                                                    March  2017
                                                                



Investment and incentives in 21st Century pharmaceutical research in Europe: the cost of opportunity




Paolo Morgese




The European Files






Read More...












                                                                    March  2017
                                                                



Considerations on bringing warehoused HCV patients into active care following interferon-free, direct-acting antiviral drug approval




Aleksandra Palak, Christine Livoti, Céline Audibert




Postgraduate Medicine






Read More...












                                                                    January  2017
                                                                



Deerfield Continues to Advance Healthcare Through the Publication of Novel Findings




 




 






Read More...












                                                                    January  2017
                                                                



Consumer satisfaction with tertiary healthcare in China: findings from the 2015 China National Patient Survey




Jing Sun, Guangyu Hu, Jing Ma, Yin Chen, Laiyang Wu, Qiannan Liu, Jia Hu, Christine Livoti, Yu Jiang, Yuanli Liu




International Journal for Quality in Health Care






Read More...




















© 2017 Deerfield. All rights reserved | Contact | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy

















	Deerfield | Deerfield Foundation









































HOME
INVESTMENT
INSTITUTE
FOUNDATION

NEWS AND EVENTS

CONTACT US












FOUNDATION PEOPLE








The Deerfield Foundation is the real-world reflection of our desire to help others on a local and a global scale.

The Deerfield Foundation is a product of our sense of responsibility to invest in healthcare for those in need on a local and a global scale.
We support healthcare initiatives that benefit children from underserved communities and all people that have disease or need healthcare services, implemented by world-class non-profit organizations and innovative new companies or research institutions. Funds are provided through partner contributions and directly from Deerfield’s profits, including all profits from selected funds. 


Partners and projects are chosen via a deeply researched process by a rotating Committee of Deerfield associates: any and all employees in our organization can apply to be on the Committee.

Over the years, the Foundation has invested and committed over $30 million in its partner projects, and we look forward to more activities in the years ahead.






















Our Partners

Click on our partners to learn more about our Foundation projects 







Current Partners


Children’s Health Fund
Coalition for the Homeless 
Covenant House
Harlem Health Promotion Center
Health Builders
La Chaine de l'Espoir
Little Sisters of the Assumption 
NY Foundling  
Partners in Health 
Possible Health
The Family Center 
The Water Trust   








New Partners in 2015-2016


Many Hopes
Muso
Northside Center for Child Development
Réseau des Entrepreneurs Solidaires
Shanghai Soong Ching Ling Foundation
Terre des Hommes
Village Health Works












Past Partners


Access Project
Africa Inland Mission International
American Jewish Joint Distribution Committee
Girls Educational & Mentoring Services
GOAL
Harlem Children's Zone
IVUmed
New York Roadrunners
Soft Power Health
YMCA










NEWSLETTER


December 2016
June 2016
December 2015
June 2015
December 2014
June 2014
December 2013
June 2013
December 2012
June 2012

December 2011
June 2011
December 2010
June 2010
















© 2017 Deerfield. All rights reserved | Contact | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy















	Research .:. Institute






































HOME
INVESTMENT
INSTITUTE
FOUNDATION
HEALTHCARE HUMOR

CONTACT US













INSTITUTE
CONFIDENTIALITY









The Deerfield Institute develops and analyzes data to advance understanding of innovation, emerging products and trends within the healthcare market.

Our custom-developed research methods help us uncover deeper, more meaningful insights into the many issues driving healthcare today.

We are intensely focused on the efficacy of new medical technologies and services, seeking to anticipate how these advancements can help drive change through the healthcare system as a whole.


In our mission to advance healthcare as an industry, we are guided by the following core values:


Integrity
The pursuit of objective and 
unbiased research
Commitment to excellence
Precision and accuracy





















OUR EXPERTISE

Clinical development evaluation

Healthcare policies

Market assessment

Product potential

Regulatory affairs

Pricing and reimbursement

Product and services performance







Our process

We employ a range of research methods specially built to provide us with objective, scientifically grounded primary market intelligence.

We survey, interview and consult with thousands of professionals each year, in our efforts to understand and track today's most complex healthcare issues.










Who we work with

Healthcare associations and institutes

Academic thought leaders

Healthcare providers and administrators

Regulatory, commercialization and reimbursement experts.




















© 2012 Deerfield. All rights reserved | Admin Login


















	Deerfield | Deerfield Management - Our Partners








































HOME
INVESTMENT
INSTITUTE
FOUNDATION

NEWS AND EVENTS

CONTACT US














INVESTMENT OUR FINANCING PARTNERS INVESTMENT TEAM









We are a non-activist, relationship-focused firm who is proud to help the companies we invest in, because we see their potential to advance healthcare and drive change in this crucial industry

















AAC Holdings
Acutus
Advantia Health
Aerie Pharmaceuticals


$100 MILLIONGrowth capitalRead More...
SYNDICATED FINANCINGVenture capitalRead More...
SYNDICATED FINANCINGGrowth capitalRead More...
$125 MILLIONR&D financingRead More...


Akari Therapeutics
Alimera Sciences
Alphatec Spine
Aprecia


SYNDICATED FINANCINGGrowth capitalRead More...
$50 MILLIONGrowth capitalRead More...
$50 MILLIONGrowth capitalRead More...
$30 MILLIONGrowth capitalRead More...


Aralez
ARENA PHARMA
ARRAY BIOPHARMA
aTyr


$300 MILLIONGrowth capitalRead More...
$100 million R&D financingRead More...
$120 million R&D financingRead More...
SYNDICATED FINANCINGVenture capitalRead More...


Audentes Therapeutics
Auspex
Avalanche Biotech
Avexis


SYNDICATED FINANCINGVenture capitalRead More...
SYNDICATED FINANCINGVenture capitalRead More...
SYNDICATED FINANCINGVenture capitalRead More...
$15 MILLIONVenture capitalRead More...


Aziyo
BioHorizon
Blade Therapeutics
Breathe Technologies


Syndicated FinancingGrowth capitalRead More...
$50 million Growth capitalRead More...
SYNDICATED FINANCINGVenture capitalRead More...
SYNDICATED FINANCINGR&D financingRead More...


Bridge Medicines
Chondrial Therapeutics
Conventus Orthopaedics
Cureatr


 Start-up capitalRead More...
UNDISCLOSEDStart-up capitalRead More...
SYNDICATED FINANCINGVenture capitalRead More...
SYNDICATED FINANCINGVenture capitalRead More...


Cytokinetics
Cytomedix
CytomX Therapeutics
DepoMed


$20 million R&D financingRead More...
$35 MILLIONGrowth capitalRead More...
SYNDICATED FINANCINGVenture capitalRead More...
$375 MILLIONCorporate acquisitionRead More...


Dicerna Pharmaceuticals
Discovery Labs
Dynavax
Eclat Pharmaceuticals


SYNDICATED FINANCINGVenture capitalRead More...
$30 MILLIONGrowth capitalRead More...
$30 million R&D financingRead More...
$10.5 million Start-up capitalRead More...


Editas
EndoChoice
Endologix, Inc.
Epion Health


$20 MILLIONVenture capitalRead More...
SYNDICATED FINANCINGGrowth capitalRead More...
$170 MILLIONR&D financingRead More...
$4 .5 millionVenture capital
Read More...


Essa
EXELIXIS I
EXELIXIS II
Fidelis SeniorCare


SYNDICATED FINANCINGR&D financing Read More...
$150 million R&D financingRead More...
$80 million R&D financingRead More...
$50 MILLIONGrowth capitalRead More...


Flamel Technologies I
Flamel Technologies II
FOG  Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
Fractyl Laboratories


$16 million R&D financingRead More...
$15 MILLIONR&D financingRead More...
Syndicated FinancingVenture capitalRead More...
Syndicated FinancingVenture capitalRead More...


FSC Laboratories
Global Blood Therapeutics
Graybug Vision
Hallux


UNDISCLOSEDCorporate acquisitionRead More...
SYNDICATED FINANCINGR&D capitalRead More...
SYNDICATED FINANCINGVenture capitalRead More...
Syndicated FinancingR&D FinancingRead More...


Headspace
Homology
Horizon Pharma
Humanity Health


SYNDICATED FINANCINGGrowth capitalRead More...
SYNDICATED FINANCINGVenture capitalRead More...
$250 MILLIONCorporate acquisitionRead More...
$7.5 MILLIONStart-up capitalRead More...


iCAD
Imris
INFINITY PHARMACEUTICALS
INSULET


$15 million Growth capitalRead More...
$25 MILLIONGrowth capitalRead More...
$100 MILLIONR&D financingRead More...
$60 million Growth capitalRead More...


ISTA PHARMACEUTICALS
KemPharm
LUMERIS
Lumos Pharma


$53 million Growth capitalRead More...
$60 millionR&D financingRead More...
$80 MILLIONGrowth capitalRead More...
SYNDICATED FINANCINGVenture capital
Read More...


Mako Surgical Corp
MannKind Corporation
MedAvail
MIDDLEBROOK


$50 million R&D financingRead More...
$160 MILLIONR&D financingRead More...
$5 MILLIONGrowth capitalRead More...
$10 million R&D financingRead More...


Nektar
Neochord
Neos Therapeutics
NEW AMERICAN THERAPEUTICS


$125 MILLIONRefinancingRead More...
SYNDICATED FINANCINGVenture capitalRead More...
SYNDICATED FINANCINGGrowth capitalRead More...
$53 million Product acquisitionRead More...


NITROMED
NXSTAGE MEDICAL
OMNIlife science
Oncorus, Inc.


$26 million Corporate acquisitionRead More...
$5.6 million Growth capitalRead More...
$27.5 MILLIONGrowth capitalRead More...
SYNDICATED FINANCINGVenture capitalRead More...


Pacific Biosciences I
Pacific Biosciences II
Practice Fusion
Proteon Therapeutics


$29 million Venture capitalRead More...
$20.5 MILLIONGrowth capitalRead More...
SYNDICATED FINANCINGGrowth capitalRead More...
SYNDICATED FINANCINGVenture capitalRead More...


Proteon Therapeutics
RCA
RedBrick Health
REGENXBIO


SYNDICATED FINANCINGGrowth CapitalRead More...
$231.5 MILLIONStart-up capitalRead More...
$30 MILLIONGrowth capitalRead More...
SYNDICATED FINANCINGVenture capitalRead More...


Rhythm Metabolic
SentreHEART
SERMO
Shine Medical Technologies


SYNDICATED FINANCINGVenture capitalRead More...
Syndicated FinancingVenture capitalRead More...
$35 MILLIONGrowth capitalRead More...
$125 MILLIONVenture capitalRead More...


Shockwave Medical
Spark Therapeutics
SteadyMed
Synlogic


SYNDICATED FINANCINGVenture capitalRead More...
SYNDICATED FINANCINGVenture capitalRead More...
SYNDICATED FINANCINGGrowth capitalRead More...
SYNDICATED FINANCINGVenture capitalRead More...


Syros Pharmaceuticals
TALON THERAPEUTICS
THIRD WAVE
Titan Pharmaceuticals


$20 millionVenture capitalRead More...
$30 million R&D financingRead More...
$25 million Growth capital lineRead More...
$20 million R&D financingRead More...


TriNetX
Trinity Biotech
Trivascular, Inc.
Vescor LLC


SYNDICATED FINANCINGVenture capitalRead More...
$48 MILLIONGrowth capitalRead More...
SYNDICATED FINANCINGGrowth capitalRead More...
 Start-up capitalRead More...


Veterinary Practice Partners
Vital Access
VIVUS
Voyager Therapeutics


$10 MILLION Start-up capitalRead More...
$10 MILLIONGrowth capitalRead More...
$30 million R&D financingRead More...
SYNDICATED FINANCINGVenture capitalRead More...


WaferGen
Wellfount Corporation
Xeris Pharmaceuticals
ZYMOGENETICS


$13.6 million Growth capitalRead More...
$15 MILLIONGrowth capital
Read More...
SYNDICATED FINANCINGR&D financingRead More...
$100 million R&D financingRead More...












© 2017 Deerfield. All rights reserved | Contact | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy














Deerfield Partners LP: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























deerfield partners lp
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Consumer Discretionary
Industry: Consumer Services
Sub-Industry: Non-Profit Organization
Deerfield Partnership Foundation is headquartered in the United States. The company's line of business includes miscellaneous membership organizations.




Corporate Information
Address:



Phone:
-


Fax:
-























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data




































403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.




 







Dendreon Corporation































Search




Advanced Search

Take a Free Trial | 
					Sign In






















 Close


Law360 In-Depth
Law360 UK
Adv. Search & Platform Tools
Browse all sections 
Banking
Bankruptcy
Class Action
Competition
Employment
Energy
Expert Analysis
Insurance
Intellectual Property
Product Liability
Securities
Rankings
Law360's MVPs
Glass Ceiling Report
Global 20
Law360 400
Diversity Snapshot
Practice Group Partner Rankings
Practice Groups of the Year
Pro Bono Firms of the Year
Rising Stars
Trial Aces
Site Menu
Join the Law360 team
Search legal jobs
Learn more about Law360
Read testimonials
Contact Law360
Sign up for our newsletters
Site Map
Help










November 10, 2014
Dendreon Corporation



Track this case


Case Number:
1:14-bk-12515
Court:
Delaware
Nature of Suit:

Firms

Blank Rome
Richards Layton
Connolly Gallagher
Kelley Drye
DLA Piper
Klehr Harrison
Morgan Lewis
Morris Nichols
Bialson Bergen
Ashby & Geddes
Polsinelli
Stevens & Lee
Reed Smith
Capehart Scatchard
Lane Powell
Margolis Edelstein
Willkie Farr
Womble Carlyle
Archer & Greiner
Ballard Spahr
Sullivan & Cromwell
Brown Rudnick
Buchalter Nemer
McCabe Weisberg
Smith Gambrell
Carter Ledyard
Skadden
Young Conaway
Hughes Hubbard
Fox Rothschild
K&L Gates
Smith Katzenstein
Levene Neale
Hiller & Arban
Pachulski Stang
Weil Gotshal

Companies

Radiant Systems, Inc.
General Electric Capital Corp.
Oracle Corp.
Dendreon Corporation
Valeant Pharmaceuticals International
Wells Fargo & Co.
GlaxoSmithKline
Georgia Power Co.
Piedmont Office Realty Trust Inc. 
Cisco Systems Inc.
New York Blood Center Inc.
Fujifilm
Airgas Inc.
Deerfield Management Co. LP

Sectors & Industries:


Basic Materials

Major Diversified



Consumer Goods

Photographic Equipment & Supplies



Financial

Asset Management
Credit Services
Money Center Banks
Office



Healthcare

Biotechnology
Health Care Plans
Major
Other
Specialized Health Services



Technology

Application Software
Business Software & Services
Networking & Communication Devices



Utilities

Electric Utilities










View recent docket activity


Reflects complaints, answers, motions, orders and trial notes entered from Jan. 1, 2011.Additional or older documents may be available in Pacer.




Coverage


June  2, 2015
Dendreon Gets Nod For Ch. 11 Liquidation Plan
A Delaware bankruptcy judge on Tuesday blessed Dendreon Corp.'s proposed Chapter 11 plan, allowing the cancer treatment developer to dole out remaining proceeds from its $495 million sale to Valeant Pharmaceuticals International Inc.


							10 other articles on this case. View all »



Parties
To view the parties, register now.



Try Law360 FREE for seven days
Already a subscriber? Click here to login

















×
Already have access? Click here to login



Get instant access to the one-stop news source for business lawyers
Register Now!




Get instant access to the one-stop news source for business lawyers













Email (Professional email required)






First Name



Last Name







PLEASE NOTE: A verification email will be sent to your address before you can access your trial.


Password (at least 6 characters required)



Confirm Password







Select at least one primary interest:


 Aerospace & Defense
										

 Appellate
										

 Asset Management
										

 Automotive
										

 Banking
										

 Bankruptcy
										

 California
										

 Capital Markets
										

 Class Action
										

 Commercial Contracts
										

 Competition
										

 Consumer Protection
										

 Corporate
										

 Cybersecurity & Privacy
										

 Delaware
										

 Employment
										

 Energy
										

 Environmental
										

 Financial Services Uk
										

 Florida
										

 Food & Beverage
										

 Government Contracts
										

 Health
										

 Hospitality
										

 Illinois
										

 Immigration
										

 Insurance
										

 Insurance Uk
										

 Intellectual Property
										

 International Arbitration
										

 International Trade
										

 Law360 In Depth
										

 Legal Ethics
										

 Life Sciences
										

 Media & Entertainment
										

 Medical Malpractice
										

 Mergers & Acquisitions
										

 Native American
										

 New Jersey
										

 New York
										

 Pennsylvania
										

 Private Equity
										

 Product Liability
										

 Project Finance
										

 Public Policy
										

 Real Estate
										

 Retail & E Commerce
										

 Securities
										

 Sports
										

 Tax
										

 Technology
										

 Telecommunications
										

 Texas
										

 Transportation
										

 Trials
										

 White Collar
										





Register




Already have access?




Email:



Password:

Forgot your password?


Remember login



Sign In




















403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.






CRESTVIEW PARTNERS, L.P. - DEERFIELD, IL - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



IL



DEERFIELD



Nonclassifiable Establishments



Nonclassifiable Establishments



                            CRESTVIEW PARTNERS, L.P.
                                    



 





















C 


CRESTVIEW PARTNERS, L.P.
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



70 CRESTVIEW DR DEERFIELD, IL 60015
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded 2009
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue --
 Employee Count --
 Industries Nonclassifiable Establishments
 Contacts --






Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Crestview Partners, L.p. was founded in 2009. Crestview Partners, L.p. specializes in Nonclassifiable Establishments. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







C

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com







Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
















TURNAROUND CAPITAL PARTNERS, L.P. - DEERFIELD, IL - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



IL



DEERFIELD



Investors, Nec



Investors, Nec



                            TURNAROUND CAPITAL PARTNERS, L.P.
                                    



 





















T 


TURNAROUND CAPITAL PARTNERS, L.P.
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



570 LAKE COOK RD DEERFIELD, IL 60015
Get Directions



(312) 372-0071





Business Info



 Founded 2009
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $110,000.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries Investors, Nec
 Contacts 







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Turnaround Capital Partners, L.p. was founded in 2009, and is located at 570 Lake Cook Rd in Deerfield. It employs 2 employees and is generating approximately $110,000.00 in annual revenue. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







T

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

























 


