



Anthony W. Deering - Business Executive












Anthony W. Deering - Business Executive




About Anthony W. Deering
Anthony W. Deering has served as Chairman of Exeter Capital, LLC, a private investment firm, since 2004.  He previously served as Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer (from 1997-2004) of The Rouse Company, a large New York Stock Exchange national real estate company.  With The Rouse Company since 1972, he was previously Vice President/Treasurer, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and President/Chief Operating Officer.

Mr. Deering was born in Chevy Chase, Maryland, in 1945.  He received his primary and secondary education in New Jersey, graduated from Drexel University with a Bachelor of Science degree in 1969, and received an MBA degree from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania in 1971.  He also holds an honorary Doctor of Humane Letters from Johns Hopkins University, 2015.

Mr. Deering serves as a Director of Under Armour and Brixmor Property Group, and also is the Lead Independent Director of the T. Rowe Price mutual funds.  Mr. Deering is a member of the Deutsche Bank Americas Advisory Board.  Over the years, he has served as a Director of Mercantile Bank, Alex Brown Realty, Vornado Realty Trust and Kleinwort Benson, NA.

His community involvement has included serving as Chairman of the Mayor’s Business Advisory Council, Chairman of the Board of the Baltimore Museum of Art, Vice Chairman of the Board of the Greater Baltimore Committee, Board Member of The Independent Director Council, and a Trustee of a number of institutions, such as Friends School of Baltimore.  The Peabody Conservatory, East Baltimore Development Corporation and the Parks and People Foundation.  Currently, he is a Trustee of the Baltimore Museum of Art, Johns Hopkins Medicine, and serves as Chairman of both The Rouse Company Foundation and The Charlesmead Foundation.

He lives in Florida with his wife, the former Kathryn Regan, and has three children, Heather, Spencer and Maron.









Anthony Deering
Chief Executive Officer
The Rouse Company



Anthony W. Deering's BlogAnthony W. Deering @ Exeter CapitalAnthony W. Deering - About.me




© 2017 anthonydeering.com







Anthony W. Deering - Miami, Florida, Exeter Capital, Drexel University, Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania | about.meAnthony W. DeeringChairman in Miami, FloridaVisit my websiteEducated in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, Anthony Deering holds a Bachelor of Science from Drexel University and a Master of Business Administration (MBA) from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania. After earning his MBA, Anthony Deering embarked on a business career that would include multiple senior executive positions with The Rouse Company, a large national commercial real estate developer and investment firm based in Columbia, Maryland, which culminated in his becoming the CEO.In the wake of The Rouse Company's 2004 acquisition by General Growth Properties, Anthony Deering became the Chairman of Exeter Capital, a private investment firm with headquarters in Lutherville, Maryland. He leads Exeter from his current hometown of Miami, Florida, where he lives with his wife, Lynn.In addition to his responsibilities at Exeter, he serves as a Lead Independent Director of T Rowe Price and a Director with both Under Armour and the Brixmor Property Group. In 2015, Johns Hopkins University awarded Mr. Deering an honorary Doctor of Humane Letters. Close#golf#fitness#outdoorsWorkExeter CapitalEducationDrexel UniversityWharton School of the University of Pennsylvania






Anthony W Deering - Gorham, ME | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Anthony W Deering in Gorham, ME


Anthony W Deering

                                                                           Intelius found that Anthony W Deering  is  a male between 60 and 70 years old from Gorham, ME.  We have connected them to
                3 addresses,
                2 phones,
                and 7 relatives or associates.
         






Get Report Now

Age

Anthony W Deering is in his 60s

Anthony Has Lived In

Gorham, ME
New York, NY
Branchport, NY

Anthony's Relatives

Constance Deering
Dorothy Deering
Roland Deering
Nathan Deering







Anthony W Deering



Zodiac SignAries



GenderMale



Professional Status
Officer at The ROUSE Company



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Anthony? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Anthony, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Anthony W Deering
Get a Criminal Check on Anthony W Deering
Get a Public Record Report on Anthony W Deering
Get a People Search Report on Anthony W Deering


Anthony W Deering's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Anthony W Deering has lived as well as Anthony W Deering's phone numbers and email addresses.




Anthony W Deering Has Lived in 2 States
Maine Address for Anthony W Deering


155 B****** R* 

Gorham, ME


Has Lived In

Gorham, ME
New York, NY


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Anthony W Deering

(207) ***-**** - Gorham, ME 
(800) ***-**** - Branchport, NY 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Anthony W Deering



Get Email Report




Anthony W Deering's Professional Information
Information regarding Anthony W Deering's professional history.  Find out previous places Anthony W Deering has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Anthony W Deering Has Worked at 2 Places
Company: The ROUSE Company
               Title: Officer
Company: Muckety LLC
               
Anthony W Deering's Experience
Title: Officer
               Company: The ROUSE Company
Job Details
               The Rouse Company LP (TRCLP), through its subsidiaries and affiliates, acquires, develops and manages operating properties located throughout the United States. The Company also develops and sells land for residential, commercial and other uses primarily in master-planned communities. TRCLP's operating properties consist of retail centers, office and industrial buildings and mixed use and other properties. The retail centers are primarily regional shopping centers in suburban market areas. The office and industrial properties are located primarily in the markets of Baltimore-Washington and Las Vegas. Land development and sales operations are predominantly related to large scale, long-term community development projects in and around Columbia, Maryland, Summerlin, Nevada and Houston, Texas. The Company organizes its operations into five business segments: retail centers, office and other properties, community development, commercial development and corporate.(Source: 10-K)
Title: 
               Company: Muckety LLC
Job Details
               Muckety maps relations and measures influence allowing you to see the news by visually showing the connections between people, companies and organizations.
Additional Professional Information on Anthony W Deering

 See Anthony W Deering's LinkedIn Profile



Anthony W Deering's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Anthony W Deering


Anthony W Deering's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Anthony W Deering's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Anthony Deering
Username Matches

                  AnthonyDeering
                  DeeringAnthony
                  Anthony.Deering
                  Deering.Anthony
                  Anthony_Deering
                  Deering_Anthony
                  Anthony-Deering
                  Deering-Anthony
                  ADeering
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
A Deering







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.




















Anthony W. Deering - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In




















Anthony W. Deering
Board Member at Under Armour, Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Anthony W. Deering? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Anthony W. Deering's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Anthony W. Deering's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Anthony W. Deering's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Anthony W. Deering through your network of contacts.
												








Anthony W. Deering's Executive Work History


Current


Board Member, 
Under Armour, Inc.


Board Member, 
Brixmor Property Group Inc.


Past
To view Anthony W. Deering's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
72

 
 


Anthony W. Deering's Biography



Since 2005, Mr. Deering has served as Chairman of Exeter Capital, LLC, a private investment firm. Prior thereto, Mr. Deering served as Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of The Rouse Company, a large publicly-traded national real estate company, from 1997 to 2004. With The Rouse Company since 1972, Mr. Deering previously had served as Vice President and Treasurer, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and President and Chief Operating Officer. Mr. Deering serves on the Board of Directors of Brixmor Property Group, Inc., and is a member of its Audit Committee. Mr. Deering also serves as Lead Independent Director on t ...
(Read More)

			Since 2005, Mr. Deering has served as Chairman of Exeter Capital, LLC, a private investment firm. Prior thereto, Mr. Deering served as Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of The Rouse Company, a large publicly-traded national real estate company, from 1997 to 2004. With The Rouse Company since 1972, Mr. Deering previously had served as Vice President and Treasurer, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and President and Chief Operating Officer. Mr. Deering serves on the Board of Directors of Brixmor Property Group, Inc., and is a member of its Audit Committee. Mr. Deering also serves as Lead Independent Director on the Boards of the T. Rowe Price Mutual Funds (which includes 140 mutual funds) and is a member of the Deutsche Bank Americas Regional Client Advisory Board. Within the past five years, Mr. Deering served on the Board of Directors of Vornado Realty Trust.
 
Mr. Deering's qualifications to serve on our Board include his past leadership experience with a large publicly-traded company, The Rouse Company, including as Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer and for seven years as Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board.
		
Source: Under Armour, Inc. on 04/13/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Anthony W. Deering's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Anthony W. Deering. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Anthony W. Deering's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Anthony W. Deering's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Anthony W. Deering through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Anthony W. Deering


















Anthony W. Deering's Connections (226)





Sign up now to view Anthony W. Deering's 226 connections »









Clayton S. Rose
Board Member, XL Group









Sandeep L. Mathrani
Dir. and Chief Executive Officer, General Growth Properties









Harvey P. Eisen
Chairman of the Board, GP Strategies Corporation









Thomas W. Dickson
Board Member, CST Brands, Inc.









Michael B. Berman
Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President, General Growth Properties









Eric T. Olson
Board Member, Iridium Communications Inc.









David H. Benson
Former Board Member, Dover Corporation









Edward D. Miller
Former Board Member, NantHealth, Inc.









Gail J. McGovern
Board Member, DTE Energy Company









John G. Schreiber
Board Member, Brixmor Property Group Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Jan Koum
Board Member, Facebook, Inc.









Philip L. Milstein
Board Member, The Marcus Corporation












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993















Anthony W. Deering: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 22, 2017 2:25 AM ET
Textiles, Apparel and Luxury Goods

Company Overview of Under Armour, Inc.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Anthony W. Deering  Independent Director, Under Armour, Inc.AgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 140 Board Members in 140 different organizations across 138 different industries.See Board Relationships72$200,000
Background

		Mr. Anthony W. Deering, also known as Tony, served as the President of Mercantile-Safe Deposit and Trust Company. Mr. Deering is an outstanding Business Leader and led The Rouse Company to become one of the country's largest commercial real estate developers. He has a wealth of financial services and investment management experience. From 1997 to 2004, he served as the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of The Rouse Company. He served as the Chief Executive Officer ... and President at GGP-TRC L.L.C. He has been the Chairman of Exeter Capital LLC since 2004. He serves as the Chairman of GGP-TRC, L.L.C. He served as Chairman of Exeter Capital Partners. He serves as a Member of the Board of Governors at Investment Company Institute. He has been a Director of Vornado Real Estate Investment Trust since March 2004. He serves as a Lead Independent Director and Independent Director/Trustee/Director of all funds of T. Rowe Price fund complex. He has been a Director of GGP-TRC L.L.C., since 1993 and Brixmor Property Group Inc. since September 2013. He serves as a Trustee Emeritus of Johns Hopkins University. He has been an Independent Director of Under Armour, Inc since August 2008. He has been a Member of Advisory Board of Deutsche Bank North America since 2004. He has been a Member of Client Advisory Board at Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas since January 25, 2007. He serves as a Member of Americas Advisory Board at Deutsche Bank AG and Deutsche Bank Americas Regional Client Advisory Board. He served as an Independent Director of T. Rowe Price Summit Funds, Inc. - T. Rowe Price Summit GNMA Fund and T. Rowe Price International Funds, Inc. - T. Rowe Price Global Infrastructure Fund. He served on the Boards of a number of private companies and non-profit entities, including the Baltimore Museum of Art, Parks & People Foundation and The Charlesmead Foundation among others. Mr. Deering served as a Director at Mercantile-Safe Deposit and Trust Company since April 30, 003. He served as an Independent Trustee of Vornado Realty Trust from 2004 to December 31, 2012. He served as an Independent Director of Mercantile Bankshares Corp. since April 30, 2003. He received BS degree from Drexel University and MBA degree from Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
1020 Hull StreetBaltimore, Maryland 21230United StatesPhone: 410-454-6428Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
Member of the Board of GovernorsInvestment Company InstituteLead Independent DirectorT. Rowe Price Equity Series, Inc. - T. Rowe Price Health Sciences PortfolioLead Independent TrusteeT. Rowe Price Equity Series, Inc. - T. Rowe Price Equity Income PortfolioLead Independent DirectorT. Rowe Price Equity Series, Inc. - T. Rowe Price New America Growth PortfolioIndependent TrusteeT. Rowe Price International Funds, Inc. - T. Rowe Price International Value Equity FundIndependent DirectorT. Rowe Price International Funds, Inc. - T. Rowe Price European Stock FundIndependent DirectorT. Rowe Price Institutional International Funds, Inc. - T. Rowe Price Institutional International GrLead Independent DirectorT. Rowe Price International Funds, Inc. - T. Rowe Price International Bond FundIndependent TrusteeT. Rowe Price U.S. Treasury Funds, Inc. - U.S. Treasury Long-Term FundIndependent TrusteeT. Rowe Price Retirement Funds, Inc. - T. Rowe Price Retirement 2050 FundIndependent TrusteeT. Rowe Price Institutional International Funds, Inc. - T. Rowe Price Institutional Global Focused GIndependent DirectorT. Rowe Price Institutional International Funds Inc. - T. Rowe Price Institutional International BonIndependent DirectorT. Rowe Price International Funds, Inc. - T. Rowe Price Global Growth Stock FundLead Independent DirectorT. Rowe Price Strategic Income Fund, Inc.Lead Independent DirectorT. Rowe Price State Tax-Free Income Trust - T. Rowe Price New Jersey Tax-Free Bond FundIndependent TrusteeT. Rowe Price U.S. Treasury Funds, Inc. - T. Rowe Price U.S. Treasury Money FundIndependent TrusteeT. Rowe Price Summit Funds, Inc. - T. Rowe Price Summit Cash Reserves FundIndependent TrusteeT. Rowe Price Fixed Income Series, Inc. - T. Rowe Price Limited-Term Bond PortfolioIndependent TrusteeT. Rowe Price Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bond Fund, Inc.Independent TrusteeT. Rowe Price Real Assets Fund, Inc.Independent TrusteeT. Rowe Price Reserve Investment Funds, Inc. - T. Rowe Price Treasury Reserve FundIndependent TrusteeT. Rowe Price International Funds, Inc. - T. Rowe Price Emerging Markets Corporate Bond FundIndependent DirectorT. Rowe Price Multi-Sector Account Portfolios, Inc. - T. Rowe Price Floating Rate Multi-Sector AccouIndependent DirectorT. Rowe Price Multi-Sector Account Portfolios, Inc. - T. Rowe Price High Yield Multi-Sector AccountIndependent DirectorT. Rowe Price Multi-Sector Account Portfolios, Inc. - T. Rowe Price Investment-Grade Corporate MultiIndependent DirectorT. Rowe Price Multi-Sector Account Portfolios, Inc. - T. Rowe Price Mortgage-Backed Securities MultiIndependent DirectorT. Rowe Price Institutional International Funds, Inc. - T. Rowe Price Institutional Global Value EquIndependent TrusteeT. Rowe Price Reserve Investment Funds, Inc. - T. Rowe Price Short-Term Reserve FundIndependent DirectorT. Rowe Price Short-Term Bond Fund, Inc. - T. Rowe Price Ultra Short-Term Bond FundTrusteeT. Rowe Price Global Allocation Fund, Inc1979-PresentLead Independent TrusteeT. Rowe Price Prime Reserve Fund, Inc.1983-PresentIndependent DirectorT. Rowe Price Tax-Free Short-Intermediate Fund1983-PresentDirectorT. Rowe Price Small-Cap Value Fund, Inc.1983-PresentDirectorT. Rowe Price Short-Term Bond Fund, Inc. - T. Rowe Price Short-Term Bond Fund1983-PresentDirectorT. Rowe Price Tax-Free Income Fund, Inc.1983-PresentIndependent TrusteeT. Rowe Price Tax-Exempt Money Fund, Inc.1984-PresentIndependent DirectorT. Rowe Price High Yield Fund, Inc.1984-PresentLead Independent TrusteeT. Rowe Price Tax-Free High Yield Fund, Inc.1985-PresentIndependent TrusteeT. Rowe Price GNMA Fund1986-PresentIndependent TrusteeT. Rowe Price California Tax-Free Income Trust - T. Rowe Price California Tax-Free Bond Fund1986-PresentIndependent TrusteeT. Rowe Price California Tax-Free Income Trust - T. Rowe Price California Tax-Free Money Fund1986-PresentIndependent TrusteeT. Rowe Price State Tax-Free Income Trust - T. Rowe Price Maryland Tax-Free Bond Fund1986-PresentIndependent TrusteeT. Rowe Price State Tax-Free Income Trust - T. Rowe Price Virginia Tax-Free Bond Fund1986-PresentLead Independent TrusteeT. Rowe Price State Tax-Free Income Trust - T. Rowe Price Maryland Short-Term Tax-Free Bond Fund1986-PresentIndependent DirectorT. Rowe Price State Tax-Free Income Trust - T. Rowe Price Georgia Tax-Free Bond Fund1986-PresentIndependent TrusteeT. Rowe Price State Tax-Free Income Trust - T. Rowe Price Maryland Tax-Free Money Fund1986-PresentIndependent TrusteeT. Rowe Price State Tax-Free Income Trust - T. Rowe Price New York Tax-Free Bond Fund1986-PresentIndependent TrusteeT. Rowe Price State Tax-Free Income Trust - T. Rowe Price New York Tax-Free Money Fund1989-PresentIndependent DirectorT. Rowe Price U.S. Treasury Funds, Inc. - T. Rowe Price U.S. Treasury Intermediate Fund1991-PresentLead Independent DirectorT. Rowe Price International Funds, Inc. - T. Rowe Price Japan Fund1991-PresentIndependent DirectorT. Rowe Price International Funds, Inc. - T. Rowe Price Global Stock Fund1991-PresentLead Independent TrusteeT. Rowe Price International Funds, Inc. - T. Rowe Price Latin America Fund1991-PresentIndependent DirectorT. Rowe Price International Funds, Inc. - T. Rowe Price Emerging Europe Fund1991-PresentIndependent TrusteeT. Rowe Price International Funds, Inc. - T. Rowe Price International Stock Fund1991-PresentLeed Independent TrusteeT. Rowe Price International Funds, Inc. - T. Rowe Price International Discovery Fund1991-PresentIndependent DirectorT. Rowe Price International Funds, Inc. - T. Rowe Price New Asia Fund1991-PresentLead Independent TrusteeT. Rowe Price International Funds, Inc. - T. Rowe Price Emerging Markets Stock Fund1991-PresentIndependent TrusteeT. Rowe Price International Funds, Inc. - T. Rowe Price Emerging Markets Bond Fund1991-PresentIndependent DirectorT. Rowe Price International Funds, Inc. - T. Rowe Price Africa & Middle East Fund1991-PresentLead Independent TrusteeT. Rowe Price International Funds, Inc. - T. Rowe Price Overseas Stock Fund1991-PresentIndependent TrusteeT. Rowe Price Institutional International Funds, Inc. - T. Rowe Price Institutional Emerging Markets1991-PresentIndependent TrusteeT. Rowe Price Institutional International Funds Inc. - T. Rowe Price Institutional Global Growth1991-PresentLead Independent TrusteeT. Rowe Price Institutional International Funds, Inc. - T. Rowe Price Institutional International Co1991-PresentLead Independent DirectorT. Rowe Price Institutional International Funds, Inc. - T. Rowe Price Institutional International Co1991-PresentIndependent DirectorT. Rowe Price International Funds, Inc. - T. Rowe Price Emerging Markets Local Currency Bond Fund1993-PresentChairmanGGP-TRC L.L.C.1993-PresentIndependent TrusteeT. Rowe Price Summit Municipal Funds, Inc. - T. Rowe Price Summit Municipal Money Market Fund1993-PresentIndependent DirectorT. Rowe Price Summit Municipal Funds, Inc. - T. Rowe Price Summit Municipal Intermediate Fund1993-PresentIndependent DirectorT. Rowe Price Summit Municipal Funds, Inc. - T. Rowe Price Summit Municipal Income Fund1994-PresentDirectorT. Rowe Price Real Estate Fund, Inc.1994-PresentIndependent DirectorT. Rowe Price International Series, Inc. - T. Rowe Price International Stock Portfolio1994-PresentIndependent DirectorT. Rowe Price Fixed Income Series, Inc. - T. Rowe Price Prime Reserve Portfolio1995-PresentLead Independent DirectorT. Rowe Price Corporate Income Fund, Inc.1997-PresentLead Independent TrusteeT. Rowe Price Reserve Investment Funds, Inc. - T. Rowe Price Reserve Investment Fund2000-PresentIndependent DirectorT. Rowe Price U.S. Bond Enhanced Index Fund, Inc2000-PresentIndependent DirectorT. Rowe Price International Index Fund, Inc. - T. Rowe Price International Equity Index Fund2001-PresentIndependent DirectorT. Rowe Price Health Sciences Fund, Inc.2001-PresentIndependent DirectorT. Rowe Price Global Technology Fund, Inc.2001-PresentLead Independent DirectorT. Rowe Price Media & Telecommunications Fund, Inc.2001-PresentIndependent DirectorT. Rowe Price New Horizons Fund, Inc.2001-PresentLead Independent DirectorT. Rowe Price Balanced Fund, Inc.2001-PresentIndependent DirectorT. Rowe Price Blue Chip Growth Fund, Inc.2001-PresentIndependent TrusteeT. Rowe Price Capital Appreciation Fund2001-PresentIndependent DirectorT. Rowe Price Capital Opportunity Fund, Inc.2001-PresentIndependent DirectorT. Rowe Price Dividend Growth Fund, Inc.2001-PresentIndependent TrusteeT. Rowe Price Equity Income Fund2001-PresentIndependent DirectorT. Rowe Price Growth Stock Fund, Inc. - T. Rowe Price Growth Stock Fund2001-PresentIndependent DirectorT. Rowe Price Financial Services Fund, Inc.2001-PresentLead Independent DirectorT. Rowe Price Mid-Cap Value Fund, Inc.2001-PresentTrusteeT. Rowe Price QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity Fund2001-PresentIndependent DirectorT. Rowe Price Mid-Cap Growth Fund, Inc.2001-PresentIndependent DirectorT. Rowe Price Growth & Income Fund, Inc.2001-PresentIndependent TrusteeT. Rowe Price New America Growth Fund2001-PresentLead Independent TrusteeT. Rowe Price New Era Fund, Inc.2001-PresentIndependent DirectorT. Rowe Price Personal Strategy Funds, Inc. - T. Rowe Price Personal Strategy Growth Fund2001-PresentIndependent DirectorT. Rowe Price Institutional Equity Funds, Inc. - T. Rowe Price Institutional Large-Cap Growth Fund2001-PresentLead Independent DirectorT. Rowe Price Institutional Mid-Cap Equity Growth Fund2001-PresentLead Independent TrusteeT. Rowe Price Science & Technology Fund, Inc.2001-PresentLead Independent DirectorT. Rowe Price Institutional Equity Funds, Inc. - T. Rowe Price Institutional Large-Cap Value Fund2001-PresentLead Independent DirectorT. Rowe Price Equity Series, Inc. - T. Rowe Price Personal Strategy Balanced Portfolio2001-PresentDirectorT. Rowe Price Value Fund, Inc.2001-PresentDirectorT. Rowe Price Index Trust, Inc. - T. Rowe Price Total Equity Market Index Fund2001-PresentIndependent DirectorT. Rowe Price Institutional Equity Funds, Inc. - T. Rowe Price Institutional Small-Cap Stock Fund2001-PresentDirectorT. Rowe Price Equity Series, Inc. - T. Rowe Price Equity Index 500 Portfolio2001-PresentIndependent DirectorT. Rowe Price Equity Series, Inc. - T. Rowe Price Mid-Cap Growth Portfolio2001-PresentDirectorT. Rowe Price Personal Strategy Funds, Inc. - T. Rowe Price Personal Strategy Balanced Fund2001-PresentDirectorT. Rowe Price Index Trust, Inc. - T. Rowe Price Extended Equity Market Index Fund2001-PresentIndependent DirectorT. Rowe Price Personal Strategy Funds, Inc. - T. Rowe Price Personal Strategy Income Fund2001-PresentDirectorT. Rowe Price Tax-Efficient Funds, Inc. - T. Rowe Price Tax-Efficient Equity Fund2001-PresentLead Independent DirectorT. Rowe Price Equity Series, Inc. - T. Rowe Price Blue Chip Growth Portfolio2001-PresentIndependent TrusteeT. Rowe Price Small-Cap Stock Fund, Inc.2001-PresentLead Independent DirectorT. Rowe Price Institutional Large-Cap Core Growth Fund2001-PresentIndependent DirectorT. Rowe Price Spectrum Fund, Inc. - T Rowe Price Spectrum International Fund2001-PresentIndependent DirectorT. Rowe Price Spectrum Fund, Inc. - T Rowe Price Spectrum Growth Fund2001-PresentIndependent DirectorT. Rowe Price Spectrum Fund, Inc. - T Rowe Price Spectrum Income Fund2001-PresentIndependent DirectorT. Rowe Price Index Trust, Inc. - T. Rowe Price Equity Index 500 Fund2001-PresentLead Independent TrusteeT. Rowe Price Institutional U.S. Structured Research Fund2001-PresentIndependent TrusteeT. Rowe Price Inflation Protected Bond Fund, Inc.2002-PresentIndependent DirectorT. Rowe Price Retirement Funds, Inc. - T. Rowe Price Retirement 2025 Fund2002-PresentIndependent DirectorT. Rowe Price Retirement Funds, Inc. - T. Rowe Price Retirement 2015 Fund2002-PresentIndependent DirectorT. Rowe Price Retirement Funds, Inc. - T. Rowe Price Retirement Balanced Fund2002-PresentIndependent DirectorT. Rowe Price Retirement Funds, Inc. - T. Rowe Price Retirement 2005 Fund2002-PresentIndependent DirectorT. Rowe Price Retirement Funds, Inc. - T. Rowe Price Retirement 2010 Fund2002-PresentLead Independent DirectorT. Rowe Price Retirement Funds, Inc. - T. Rowe Price Retirement 2030 Fund2002-PresentDirectorT. Rowe Price Retirement Funds, Inc. - T. Rowe Price Retirement 2020 Fund2002-PresentLead Independent DirectorT. Rowe Price Institutional Income Funds, Inc. - T. Rowe Price Institutional High Yield Fund2002-PresentLead Independent TrusteeT. Rowe Price Retirement Funds, Inc. - T. Rowe Price Retirement 2055 Fund2002-PresentIndependent DirectorT. Rowe Price Institutional Income Funds, Inc. - T. Rowe Price Institutional Core Plus Fund2002-PresentIndependent DirectorT. Rowe Price Institutional Income Funds, Inc. - T. Rowe Price Institutional Floating Rate Fund2006-PresentLead Independent TrusteeT. Rowe Price Diversified Mid-Cap Growth Fund, Inc.2008-PresentIndependent DirectorUnder Armour, Inc.2008-PresentLead Independent TrusteeT. Rowe Price Global Real Estate Fund, Inc.2009-PresentIndependent DirectorT. Rowe Price U.S. Large-Cap Core Fund, Inc. - T. Rowe Price U.S. Large-Cap Core Fund2011-PresentLead Independent TrusteeT. Rowe Price Floating Rate Fund, Inc.2012-PresentIndependent DirectorT. Rowe Price New Income Fund, Inc.2012-PresentIndependent TrusteeT. Rowe Price Multi-Sector Account Portfolios, Inc. - T. Rowe Price Emerging Markets Local Multi-Sec2013-PresentDirectorBrixmor Property Group Inc.
Education
BS Drexel UniversityMBA University of Pennsylvania - The Wharton School
Other Affiliations
Exeter Capital PartnersGGP-TRC L.L.C.Mercantile Bankshares CorporationVornado Realty TrustDeutsche Bank AktiengesellschaftVornado Realty L.P.Drexel UniversityDeutsche Bank Trust Company AmericasMercantile-Safe Deposit and Trust CompanyJohns Hopkins UniversityUniversity of Pennsylvania - The Wharton SchoolT. Rowe Price Health Sciences Fund, Inc.Investment Company InstituteT. Rowe Price Global Technology Fund, Inc.T. Rowe Price Media & Telecommunications Fund, Inc.T. Rowe Price New Horizons Fund, Inc.T. Rowe Price Balanced Fund, Inc.T. Rowe Price Blue Chip Growth Fund, Inc.T. Rowe Price Capital Appreciation FundT. Rowe Price Capital Opportunity Fund, Inc.T. Rowe Price Corporate Income Fund, Inc.T. Rowe Price Dividend Growth Fund, Inc.T. Rowe Price Equity Income FundT. Rowe Price GNMA FundT. Rowe Price Growth Stock Fund, Inc. - T. Rowe Price Growth Stock FundT. Rowe Price Financial Services Fund, Inc.T. Rowe Price Mid-Cap Value Fund, Inc.T. Rowe Price QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity FundT. Rowe Price Mid-Cap Growth Fund, Inc.T. Rowe Price Growth & Income Fund, Inc.T. Rowe Price High Yield Fund, Inc.T. Rowe Price New America Growth FundT. Rowe Price New Era Fund, Inc.T. Rowe Price U.S. Bond Enhanced Index Fund, IncT. Rowe Price Tax-Free Short-Intermediate FundT. Rowe Price Equity Series, Inc. - T. Rowe Price Health Sciences PortfolioT. Rowe Price Personal Strategy Funds, Inc. - T. Rowe Price Personal Strategy Growth FundT. Rowe Price Institutional Equity Funds, Inc. - T. Rowe Price Institutional Large-Cap Growth FundT. Rowe Price Institutional Mid-Cap Equity Growth FundT. Rowe Price Real Estate Fund, Inc.T. Rowe Price Science & Technology Fund, Inc.T. Rowe Price Institutional Equity Funds, Inc. - T. Rowe Price Institutional Large-Cap Value FundT. Rowe Price Equity Series, Inc. - T. Rowe Price Personal Strategy Balanced PortfolioT. Rowe Price New Income Fund, Inc.T. Rowe Price Small-Cap Value Fund, Inc.T. Rowe Price Value Fund, Inc.T. Rowe Price Index Trust, Inc. - T. Rowe Price Total Equity Market Index FundT. Rowe Price Institutional Equity Funds, Inc. - T. Rowe Price Institutional Small-Cap Stock FundT. Rowe Price Equity Series, Inc. - T. Rowe Price Equity Index 500 PortfolioT. Rowe Price Equity Series, Inc. - T. Rowe Price Mid-Cap Growth PortfolioT. Rowe Price Personal Strategy Funds, Inc. - T. Rowe Price Personal Strategy Balanced FundT. Rowe Price Index Trust, Inc. - T. Rowe Price Extended Equity Market Index FundT. Rowe Price Personal Strategy Funds, Inc. - T. Rowe Price Personal Strategy Income FundT. Rowe Price Tax-Efficient Funds, Inc. - T. Rowe Price Tax-Efficient Equity FundT. Rowe Price Equity Series, Inc. - T. Rowe Price Blue Chip Growth PortfolioT. Rowe Price Developing Technologies FundT. Rowe Price Equity Series, Inc. - T. Rowe Price Equity Income PortfolioT. Rowe Price Equity Series, Inc. - T. Rowe Price New America Growth PortfolioT. Rowe Price Small-Cap Stock Fund, Inc.T. Rowe Price Institutional Large-Cap Core Growth FundT. Rowe Price Diversified Mid-Cap Growth Fund, Inc.T. Rowe Price International Funds, Inc. - T. Rowe Price Japan FundT. Rowe Price International Funds, Inc. - T. Rowe Price Global Stock FundT. Rowe Price International Funds, Inc. - T. Rowe Price Latin America FundT. Rowe Price International Funds, Inc. - T. Rowe Price Emerging Europe FundT. Rowe Price International Funds, Inc. - T. Rowe Price International Value Equity FundT. Rowe Price International Index Fund, Inc. - T. Rowe Price International Equity Index FundT. Rowe Price International Funds, Inc. - T. Rowe Price European Stock FundT. Rowe Price International Series, Inc. - T. Rowe Price International Stock PortfolioT. Rowe Price International Funds, Inc. - T. Rowe Price International Stock FundT. Rowe Price International Funds, Inc. - T. Rowe Price International Discovery FundT. Rowe Price International Funds, Inc. - T. Rowe Price New Asia FundT. Rowe Price International Funds, Inc. - T. Rowe Price Emerging Markets Stock FundT. Rowe Price Institutional International Funds, Inc. - T. Rowe Price Institutional International GrT. Rowe Price Retirement Funds, Inc. - T. Rowe Price Retirement 2025 FundT. Rowe Price Retirement Funds, Inc. - T. Rowe Price Retirement 2015 FundT. Rowe Price Retirement Funds, Inc. - T. Rowe Price Retirement Balanced FundT. Rowe Price Retirement Funds, Inc. - T. Rowe Price Retirement 2005 FundT. Rowe Price Spectrum Fund, Inc. - T Rowe Price Spectrum International FundT. Rowe Price Spectrum Fund, Inc. - T Rowe Price Spectrum Growth FundT. Rowe Price Spectrum Fund, Inc. - T Rowe Price Spectrum Income FundT. Rowe Price Retirement Funds, Inc. - T. Rowe Price Retirement 2010 FundT. Rowe Price Retirement Funds, Inc. - T. Rowe Price Retirement 2030 FundT. Rowe Price Retirement Funds, Inc. - T. Rowe Price Retirement 2020 FundT. Rowe Price Institutional Income Funds, Inc. - T. Rowe Price Institutional High Yield FundT. Rowe Price Index Trust, Inc. - T. Rowe Price Equity Index 500 FundT. Rowe Price International Funds, Inc. - T. Rowe Price International Bond FundT. Rowe Price U.S. Treasury Funds, Inc. - T. Rowe Price U.S. Treasury Intermediate FundT. Rowe Price International Funds, Inc. - T. Rowe Price Emerging Markets Bond FundT. Rowe Price Short-Term Bond Fund, Inc. - T. Rowe Price Short-Term Bond FundT. Rowe Price U.S. Treasury Funds, Inc. - U.S. Treasury Long-Term FundT. Rowe Price Tax-Free High Yield Fund, Inc.T. Rowe Price Retirement Funds, Inc. - T. Rowe Price Retirement 2055 FundT. Rowe Price Retirement Funds, Inc. - T. Rowe Price Retirement 2050 FundT. Rowe Price Institutional International Funds, Inc. - T. Rowe Price Institutional Global Focused GT. Rowe Price Tax-Free Income Fund, Inc.T. Rowe Price Tax-Exempt Money Fund, Inc.T. Rowe Price Prime Reserve Fund, Inc.T. Rowe Price Institutional U.S. Structured Research FundT. Rowe Price International Funds, Inc. - T. Rowe Price Africa & Middle East FundT. Rowe Price Institutional International Funds Inc. - T. Rowe Price Institutional International BonT. Rowe Price International Funds, Inc. - T. Rowe Price Global Growth Stock FundT. Rowe Price Global Real Estate Fund, Inc.T. Rowe Price Strategic Income Fund, Inc.T. Rowe Price International Funds, Inc. - T. Rowe Price Overseas Stock FundT. Rowe Price Institutional International Funds, Inc. - T. Rowe Price Institutional Emerging MarketsT. Rowe Price California Tax-Free Income Trust - T. Rowe Price California Tax-Free Bond FundT. Rowe Price California Tax-Free Income Trust - T. Rowe Price California Tax-Free Money FundT. Rowe Price State Tax-Free Income Trust - T. Rowe Price Maryland Tax-Free Bond FundT. Rowe Price State Tax-Free Income Trust - T. Rowe Price Virginia Tax-Free Bond FundT. Rowe Price State Tax-Free Income Trust - T. Rowe Price New Jersey Tax-Free Bond FundT. Rowe Price State Tax-Free Income Trust - T. Rowe Price Maryland Short-Term Tax-Free Bond FundT. Rowe Price State Tax-Free Income Trust - T. Rowe Price Georgia Tax-Free Bond FundT. Rowe Price State Tax-Free Income Trust - T. Rowe Price Maryland Tax-Free Money FundT. Rowe Price U.S. Treasury Funds, Inc. - T. Rowe Price U.S. Treasury Money FundT. Rowe Price Institutional Income Funds, Inc. - T. Rowe Price Institutional Core Plus FundT. Rowe Price Institutional Income Funds, Inc. - T. Rowe Price Institutional Floating Rate FundT. Rowe Price Inflation Protected Bond Fund, Inc.T. Rowe Price State Tax-Free Income Trust - T. Rowe Price New York Tax-Free Bond FundT. Rowe Price State Tax-Free Income Trust - T. Rowe Price New York Tax-Free Money FundT. Rowe Price Summit Funds, Inc. - T. Rowe Price Summit Cash Reserves FundT. Rowe Price Summit Funds, Inc. - T. Rowe Price Summit GNMA FundT. Rowe Price Summit Municipal Funds, Inc. - T. Rowe Price Summit Municipal Money Market FundT. Rowe Price Summit Municipal Funds, Inc. - T. Rowe Price Summit Municipal Intermediate FundT. Rowe Price Summit Municipal Funds, Inc. - T. Rowe Price Summit Municipal Income FundT. Rowe Price Institutional International Funds Inc. - T. Rowe Price Institutional Global GrowthT. Rowe Price U.S. Large-Cap Core Fund, Inc. - T. Rowe Price U.S. Large-Cap Core FundT. Rowe Price International Funds, Inc. - T. Rowe Price Global Infrastructure FundT. Rowe Price Reserve Investment Funds, Inc. - T. Rowe Price Reserve Investment FundT. Rowe Price Fixed Income Series, Inc. - T. Rowe Price Limited-Term Bond PortfolioT. Rowe Price Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bond Fund, Inc.T. Rowe Price Real Assets Fund, Inc.T. Rowe Price Fixed Income Series, Inc. - T. Rowe Price Prime Reserve PortfolioT. Rowe Price Institutional International Funds, Inc. - T. Rowe Price Institutional International CoT. Rowe Price Reserve Investment Funds, Inc. - T. Rowe Price Treasury Reserve FundT. Rowe Price Institutional International Funds, Inc. - T. Rowe Price Institutional International CoBrixmor Property Group Inc.T. Rowe Price International Funds, Inc. - T. Rowe Price Emerging Markets Corporate Bond FundT. Rowe Price International Funds, Inc. - T. Rowe Price Emerging Markets Local Currency Bond FundT. Rowe Price Floating Rate Fund, Inc.T. Rowe Price Multi-Sector Account Portfolios, Inc. - T. Rowe Price Emerging Markets Local Multi-SecT. Rowe Price Multi-Sector Account Portfolios, Inc. - T. Rowe Price Floating Rate Multi-Sector AccouT. Rowe Price Multi-Sector Account Portfolios, Inc. - T. Rowe Price High Yield Multi-Sector AccountT. Rowe Price Multi-Sector Account Portfolios, Inc. - T. Rowe Price Investment-Grade Corporate MultiT. Rowe Price Multi-Sector Account Portfolios, Inc. - T. Rowe Price Mortgage-Backed Securities MultiT. Rowe Price Institutional International Funds, Inc. - T. Rowe Price Institutional Global Value EquT. Rowe Price Reserve Investment Funds, Inc. - T. Rowe Price Short-Term Reserve FundT. Rowe Price Short-Term Bond Fund, Inc. - T. Rowe Price Ultra Short-Term Bond FundT. Rowe Price Global Allocation Fund, Inc


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
Total Annual Cash Compensation$75,000Total Calculated Compensation$200,000




Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONNamePosition/CompanyCompensationLaura J. Alber CEO, President & DirectorWilliams-Sonoma, Inc.$1.4MRobert  Greenberg Co-Founder, Chairman of The Board and Chief Executive OfficerSkechers U.S.A., Inc.$3.8MSimon A. Wolfson Chief Executive Officer and Executive DirectorNext Plc$766.0KRobert V. Vitale Chief Executive Officer, President and DirectorPost Holdings, Inc.$975.0KJohn D. Idol Chairman & CEOMichael Kors Holdings Limited$1.0MCompensation as of Fiscal Year 2016.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Under Armour, Inc., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close












































Anthony W. Deering | Blogspot





































































Anthony W. Deering | Blogspot



Chairman of Exeter Capital

























































































Friday, July 21, 2017








MakerSpaces at Friends School of Baltimore Foster Creativity








The former Chairman of the Board and CEO of The Rouse Company, Anthony W. Deering has served in several executive capacities over the years. A Director at multiple companies, including Brixmor Property Group, Anthony W. Deering also functions as the Chairman of Exeter Capital, LLC, and a Trustee of such community institutions as Friends School of Baltimore.A co-educational college preparatory institution, Friends School has been committed to promoting Quaker values since its establishment in 1784. Toward this end, it maintains a unique curriculum that is supplemented by its MakerSpaces, which were designed in accordance with the maker movement, an international way of thinking that promotes creativity and technological understanding.The MakerSpaces at Friends School are designed for functionality. Due to their interchangeability, students can use them as a garage, a science lab, an art studio, or a wood shop to create, design, and test new ideas. In doing so, students have the opportunity to respond to their traditional classroom instruction in a creative way and boost their confidence.Students are given various opportunities within the MakerSpaces based on their age. While Lower School students can use them to research subjects in which they are interested, Middle School students are given the opportunity to sew costumes and create musical instruments and Upper School students can create and prototype ideas for, among other things, small engines.





Posted by



Anthony Deering




at

11:09 AM















Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest




Labels:
Anthony W. Deering,
Friends School of Baltimore,
MakerSpaces











Wednesday, June 28, 2017








From Digital to Damask - A New Baltimore Museum of Art Exhibition








With more than 45 years of business experience, Anthony W. Deering is Chairman of Exeter Capital, LLC, where he oversees private investment operations. Active in the community, Anthony W. Deering also holds positions on the board of trustees at Johns Hopkins Medicine and the Baltimore Museum of Art.The Baltimore Museum of Art comprises 210,000 square feet of exhibition space, with art collections spanning the cultures of the world. In addition to its 95,000 objects on permanent display, the museum organizes a variety of limited-engagement galleries throughout the year. One such exhibition is the upcoming Annet Couwenberg exhibit.Starting August 16, 2017, and running through February 18, 2018, the Baltimore Museum of Art will host From Digital to Damask, a collection of 11 works by Couwenberg, a Maryland-based artist who recently finished a Smithsonian Artist Research Fellowship. Couwenberg will present her latest creations, which include weavings inspired by fish fossils and realized with damask, a Dutch fabric. General admission to From Digital to Damask, as well as to the rest of the museum, is free of charge. For more information on the museum, visit www.artbma.org.





Posted by



Anthony Deering




at

3:59 PM















Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest




Labels:
Anthony W. Deering,
Baltimore Museum of Art,
Digital to Damask,
Exhibition











Tuesday, January 24, 2017








New Under Armour Partnership to Celebrate Girls in Sports








Previously, the Chief Executive Officer of The Rouse Company, Anthony W. Deering, serves as chairman of Exeter Capital based in Lutherville, Maryland. An experienced board executive and director, Anthony W. Deering is also a director of Under Armour, which recently partnered with She Plays We Win to empower the next generation of female sports stars. She Plays We Win is a project that seeks to empower young girls in sports by celebrating their individual confidence, passion, and unique athleticism. By using the camera’s lens to capture powerful and inspiring photos of girls in action, the project’s founder, Christian Rose, seeks to build the confidence of other girls to join sports as well as to boost the confidence of young girls already in sports. Celebrating and promoting confidence in young girls today is important as it will play a huge role in shaping who they become tomorrow. By partnering with Rose, Under Armour seeks to share the images and stories of the brave young athletes and through it, appreciate the strength and confidence that sports offers young girls across the world. The partnership will see Rose’s photos assimilated into Under Armour’s seasonal shoots and featured across its digital media. Under Armour’s generous support has also led to the launching of limited edition She Plays We Win apparel and accessories that are available at the Under Armour digital store.





Posted by



Anthony Deering




at

5:38 AM















Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest




Labels:
Anthony W. Deering,
sports,
Under Armour











Wednesday, January 11, 2017








Responsibilities of the Board of Directors








Anthony W. Deering currently serves as a Director of Under Armour and Brixmor Property Group. Born in Chevy Chase, Maryland, Anthony W. Deering brings a vast amount of skill and experience to his role as chairman, member, or trustee on the boards of a number of well-respected financial institutions and nonprofit organizations.Elected by the shareholders, a company’s Board of Directors is generally the highest decision-making body. The board's primary function is not to oversee day-to-day operations. Rather, the purpose of its oversight is to ensure that standards of accountability are being met. The Board of Directors' primary responsibilities include:1. Appointing the chief executive officer.2. Establishing and reviewing strategic plans and objectives.3. Developing compensation packages in keeping with strategic plans and objectives.4. Establishing policies and the organizational framework the management operates within.In its oversight role, the board is a critical factor in keeping a corporation's financial system operating in a sound manner. Effective board members also have a solid understanding of what services the institution offers, and the risks that it faces.





Posted by



Anthony Deering




at

4:16 PM















Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest




Labels:
Anthony W. Deering,
Board of Directors,
Responsibilities











Tuesday, January 3, 2017








Friends School of Baltimore Models Simplicity and Community








Anthony W. Deering, chairman of Exeter Capital, LLC, serves on many boards and organizations as a trustee and valued advisor. Anthony W. Deering supports the Friends School of Baltimore, and once served as a trustee for the institution.Friends School of Baltimore is a coeducational college preparatory school for children Pre-K to 12th grade. Founded in 1784, Friends School of Baltimore models the ideals of the Religious Society of Friends, also known as the Quakers. Friends School teaches self-awareness, truth, equality, community, simplicity, and peaceful resolution of conflict. By setting high standards for each student, Friends strives to develop the spiritual, physical, intellectual, and creative strengths to enable its students to contribute positively to the world. Friends promotes internal self-motivation, a passion for learning, determination, and a strong desire for excellence. The school is best suited for students that thrive in a challenging and enhanced learning environment.Friends School of Baltimore exemplifies the Quaker beliefs through kindness, respect for diversity, concern for the environment, and student-led support for the victims of social injustice and natural disasters.





Posted by



Anthony Deering




at

3:47 PM















Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest




Labels:
Anthony W. Deering,
Friends School of Baltimore











Monday, December 12, 2016








The Roles of Financial Professionals Defined








Former Chief Executive Officer and Chairman at The Rouse Company, Anthony W. Deering brings decades of financial services experience to his current role as a Director with Under Armour. Anthony W. Deering, who received his MBA from the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania, has successfully served the investment industry in a wide range of capacities.There is no shortage of professionals willing to provide a variety of financial services. Understanding the roles of investment advisors, stockbrokers, and financial planners will allow you to find the right type to achieve your goals.Investment advisors can be individuals or companies who offer clients educated and informed advice regarding a variety of investment products, such as stocks and mutual funds. Depending on the total value of assets under their management, investment advisors are required to be registered with either the SEC or a state regulator. A stockbroker, also referred to as a registered representative, is any person who engages in securities transactions on behalf of clients. Similarly, a broker-dealer buys and sells securities on behalf of customers (as a broker), for itself (as a dealer), or both. Stockbrokers are required to be registered, maintain FINRA membership, pass exams, and be associated with a broker-dealer institute.Financial planners assist people and corporations in meeting their financial goals. They are expected to evaluate a client's current financial standing and then formulate a plan to meet specific objectives. Financial planners will typically have a specialty such as asset allocation, retirement, insurance, or estate planning. No specialized training or registration is required to call oneself a financial planner. However, the Certified Financial Planner Board of Standards does offer certification for candidates that successfully pass an exam.





Posted by



Anthony Deering




at

6:33 PM















Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest




Labels:
Anthony W. Deering,
Investment advisors,
The Rouse Company,
Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania











Wednesday, November 30, 2016








Baltimore Museum of Art Presents Queer Interiors for Public Viewing 





 


Anthony W. Deering has been the chairman of Exeter Capital, LLC, since 
2004. Additionally, Anthony W. Deering has served with the Baltimore 
Museum of Art as a past chairman of the board. Currently he is serving 
as a trustee for the Baltimore Museum of Art.The Baltimore Museum of Art (BMA) has a new exhibit showing in the Commons gallery, 
next to the Imagining Home exhibition. The ground-breaking exhibit, 
Queer Interiors, is a multimedia piece exploring domesticity in the 
lives of LGBTQI+ communities. The project features a very large bed and 
furnishings, and a multimedia wall quilt called the Baltimore LGBTQI+ 
Home Movie Quilt. The quilt component pays tribute to Baltimore album 
quilts and the AIDS Quilt. Queer Interiors, created by 
Baltimore-based artists Rahne Alexander and Jaimes Mayhew working in 
conjunction with Chase Brexton Health Care’s LGBT Health Resource 
Center, is part of the BMA’s Commons Collaboration initiative. The BMA 
Commons Collaboration initiative commissions an artist or artists and a 
non-profit organization to co-produce programs relating to Imagining 
Home. The Baltimore Museum of Art is only the second major museum in the US to spotlight an installation by transgender artists.
                            





Posted by



Anthony Deering




at

9:13 AM















Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest




Labels:
Anthony W. Deering,
Baltimore Museum of Art












Home




Subscribe to:
Posts (Atom)
















About Me





Anthony Deering




A native of Chevy Chase, Maryland, Anthony Deering completed his undergraduate studies at Drexel University in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, and graduate studies at The Wharton School at Philadelphia’s University of Pennsylvania. After earning his Master of Business Administration from The Wharton School, he embarked on a business career that would include multiple financial oversight and senior management positions with the New York Stock Exchange-affiliated real estate firm, The Rouse Company. In 2004, Mr. Deering became Chairman of Exeter Capital, a private investment firm in Lutherville, Maryland. In 2015, Johns Hopkins University awarded him with an honorary Doctor of Humane Letters.Mr. Deering enjoys playing golf. He lives in Florida with his wife and has three grown children.

View my complete profile













Anthony W. Deering - Business Executive 
Anthony W. Deering at AngelList
Anthony W. Deering on Medium
Anthony W. Deering | Brixmor
Anthony W. Deering ~ Exeter Capital
Anthony W. Deering - About.me
Anthony W. Deering @ Twitter












Blog Archive








        ▼ 
      



2017

(5)





        ▼ 
      



July

(1)

MakerSpaces at Friends School of Baltimore Foster ...








        ► 
      



June

(1)







        ► 
      



January

(3)









        ► 
      



2016

(2)





        ► 
      



December

(1)







        ► 
      



November

(1)


















































403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.







UA Anthony W. Deering Insider Trades for Under Armour Inc. Cl C


































Bulletin






Investor Alert





















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Under Armour Inc. Cl C

                  NYSE: UA
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Under Armour Inc. Cl C



After Hours
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 21, 2017, 5:11 p.m.


UA

/quotes/zigman/68140407/composite


$
18.83




Change

-0.01
-0.05%

Volume
Volume 6,086
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/68140407/composite
Previous close

$
			19.05
		


$
				18.84
			
Change

-0.21
-1.10%





Day low
Day high
$18.58
$19.20










52 week low
52 week high

            $17.05
        

            $42.94
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




Anthony W. Deering



Mr. Anthony W. Deering is Independent Director at Brixmor Property Group, Inc., Lead Independent Director at T. Rowe Price Real Assets Fund, Inc., Independent Director at Under Armour, Inc., Lead Independent Trustee at T. Rowe Price GNMA Fund, and Lead Independent Director at T. Rowe Price Credit Opportunities Fund, Inc. He is on the Board of Directors at Brixmor Property Group, Inc., T. Rowe Price Real Assets Fund, Inc., Under Armour, Inc., Deutsche Bank Americas Holding Corp., T. Rowe Price Mutual Funds, T. Rowe Price GNMA Fund, T. Rowe Price New America Growth Fund, and T. Rowe Price Credit Opportunities Fund, Inc.
Mr. Deering was previously employed as Chairman by Exeter Capital LLC, Independent Trustee by Vornado Realty Trust, Chairman & Chief Executive Officer by The Rouse Co. Ltd., Chairman by Charlesmead Foundation, Chairman by Exeter Capital Partners, a Trustee by Vornado Realty LP, and a Trustee by Vornado Realty Trust. He also served on the board at Mercantile Bankshares Corp., The Baltimore Museum of Art, Deutsche Bank Americas Holding Corp., Investment Company Institute, Mercantile Bank Corp., Parks & People Foundation, and Rowe Price-Fleming International, Inc.
He received his undergraduate degree from Drexel University and an MBA from The Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value





04/01/2016
221


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


01/04/2016
235


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


10/01/2015
190


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


07/30/2015
30,400


 
Disposition at $98.31 per share.


2,988,624


07/01/2015
223


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


04/29/2015
1,584


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


04/01/2015
238


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


01/02/2015
203


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


10/01/2014
207


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


07/01/2014
228


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


05/13/2014
1,559


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


04/01/2014
119


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


01/02/2014
158


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


10/01/2013
166


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


07/01/2013
229


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


04/30/2013
1,314


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


04/01/2013
272


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


01/02/2013
207


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


10/01/2012
180


 
Award at $0 per share.


0





        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Mr. Kevin A. Plank 
Chairman & Chief Executive Officer




Mr. Patrik  Frisk 
President & Chief Operating Officer




Mr. David E. Bergman 
Chief Financial & Accounting Officer




Mr. Paul  Fipps 
Chief Technology Officer




Mr. Clay  Dean 
Chief Innovation Officer




Mr. Kevin  Eskridge 
Chief Product Officer




Mr. Colin  Browne 
Chief Supply Chain Officer




Mr. Dave  Dombrow 
Chief Design Officer




Mr. Michael  Lee 
Chief Digital Officer




Ms. Adrienne R. Lofton 
Senior Vice President-Global Brand Marketing




Mr. Peter  Ruppe 
Senior Vice President-Footwear




Mr. Peter  Murray 
Vice President-Global Brand & Sports Marketing




Mr. Frederick H. Bealefeld 
Chief Global Security Officer & Vice President




Mr. Brian  Boring 
Vice President-Creative & Design




Mr. Jason  Archer 
VP-International Finance & Operations Division




Mr. Andy  Amrhein 
Vice President-North American Finance Division




Mr. Jason  LaRose 
President-North America Region




Ms. Susan H. McCabe 
Senior Vice President-Global Retail Division




Mr. Joshua  Rattet 
Vice President-Team Sports Footwear Business Unit




Mr. Glenn  Silbert 
Vice President-Men's Youth & Accesories




Ms. Kelly  Cortina 
Vice President-Brand House




Mr. Karl-Heinz  Maurath 
Chief Revenue Officer




Mr. Stephen J. Battista 
Senior Vice President-Tight Shirt Productions




Ms. Jerri L. DeVard 
Director




Mr. Kip J. Fulks 
Co-Founder




Mr. Chip K. Adams 
Director




Mr. Andrew  Donkin 
Chief Marketing Officer




Mr. Lance  Allega 
Vice President-Investor Relations




Ms. Diane  Pelkey 
Head-Media Relations




Ms. Kerry D. Chandler 
Chief Human Resources Officer




Mr. John P. Stanton 
Secretary, Senior Vice President & General Counsel




Mr. Harvey L. Sanders 
Independent Director




Mr. William R. McDermott 
Independent Director




Mr. A. Buzzy Krongard 
Lead Independent Director




Mr. Douglas E. Coltharp 
Independent Director




Ms. Karen W. Katz 
Independent Director




Mr. George Ward Bodenheimer 
Independent Director




Mr. Eric T. Olson 
Independent Director




Mr. Anthony W. Deering 
Independent Director









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




2:25 AM EDT
July 22, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
8:34pCharges dropped after ‘London Whale’ accused Jamie Dimon of making him a fall guy
7:41pGoodbye, Sean Spicer: Memorable Moments From the Podium  
7:18pHow to Fix Wall Street, and Bankers' Pay
6:59pAmazon, Whole Foods look to head off lengthy deal review
6:45pHawaii adopts emergency plan for North Korea missile attack
6:24p California Wildfire Destroys Homes Near Yosemite
6:20pSpicer Quits as Scaramucci Accepts White House Job
6:20pWhy you shouldn’t order ice on a flight, and other ‘dirty little secrets’ 
6:09pIf you’re reading this, you have a 19.3% chance of being rich
6:07p5 unfortunate reasons why millennials can’t have nice things (or save any money)
6:06pThis is the deadliest time of your life to put on weight
6:06pIf, like Sean Spicer, you suddenly walk out — what should you do next?
5:37pA History of Sears: Through Highs and Lows
5:13pAre you a money bully?
5:10pHow real-estate TV shows determine what home buyers look for and what to do if you decide to quit your job like Sean Spicer
5:07pBREAKINGWall Street's 'fear gauge'--the VIX--just logged its second-lowest close in history
5:06pWhy it might be time to invest in the companies Amazon is destroying
5:06pThis is what should really worry you about stocks
5:04pBeware of the curse of the number 7 in the stock market 
5:00pS&P 500, Nasdaq post weekly gains as stock market finishes session lower
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,580.07

-31.71
-0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,387.75

-2.25
-0.04%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.54

-0.91
-0.04%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15






















































Anthony W. Deering – MediumHomepageWrite a storySign in / Sign upAnthony W. DeeringAnthony Deering became the Chairman of Exeter Capital, a private investment firm with headquarters in Lutherville, Maryland.1 FollowingBlockedUnblockFollowFollowingLatestAnthony W. DeeringJul 21The Baltimore Museum of Art Will Present Tomas Saraceno InstallationsRead more…Anthony W. DeeringJul 12Baltimore Museum of Art Showcases Work of Annet CouwenbergRead more…Anthony W. DeeringJun 28Under Armour Debuts New Curry 4 Shoe During the 2017 NBA FinalsRead more…


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














anthony deering - NetFind Content Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web




























Web


Web



Content











Anthony Deering's Record? | Records.TruthFinder.com



Ad
 ·
Records.TruthFinder.com



Did you know Anthony Deering's possible criminal history is online















Deer Woman (Masters of Horror)




other police arrive. Cast Brian Benben as Dwight Faraday Anthony Griffith as Officer Jacob Reed Cinthia Moura as The Deer Woman Sonja Bennett as Dana Julian Christopher as Chief Einhron

more


Go to:
Encyclopedia
-
News
-
Videos
-
Reference


Source:
Wikipedia







Results From The WOW.Com Content Network

List of monastic houses in County Kildare - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/List_of_monastic_houses_in_County_Kildare


List of monastic houses in County Kildare. ... granted to Anthony St Leger 1542: ... granted to Anthony Deering 1585: St Brigid


Anthony Auer news, features and videos - WOW.com

www.wow.com/channel/anthony-auer


All the latest news on Anthony Auer. Includes blogs, articles, opinion, Anthony Auer videos and more, on WOW.com


Buck Rogers - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Buck_Rogers


Anthony "Buck" Rogers: Partnerships: Wilma Deering Dr. Elias Huer: ... He defends the person, Wilma Deering, killing one of the attackers and scaring off the rest.


Wilma Deering - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Wilma_Deering


Wilma Deering appears in the very first Buck Rogers story, Armageddon 2419 A.D., and the basic elements are present. [1] She is depicted as adventurous, heroic and ...


The Rouse Company - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Rouse_Company


The Rouse Company, ... In February 1995, Anthony Deering took over as CEO of the company that was operating without a profit since 1990. In 1996, ...


Anthony Cook (footballer) - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Anthony_Cook_(footballer)


Anthony Cook (footballer) Source: ... Anthony Lloyd Evans Cook (born 10 August 1989, England) ... MF Deering; MF Drury; MF McQueen; MF ...


Portland, Maine - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Portland,_Maine


Deering neighborhoods now comprise the northern and eastern sections of the city before ... Food and Anthony Bourdain: ... The Maritime History of Portland, Maine, ...


Buck Rogers (serial) - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Buck_Rogers_(serial)


Wilma Deering (Constance Moore) is ... but who was clearly modeled on the Sunday strip character Buddy Deering. Anthony Warde played ... also appeared in the Buck ...


Hang Time (TV series) - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Amber_Barretto


Hang Time (TV series) ... The series centers on the exploits of the Deering Tornados boys' varsity basketball team of the fictional ... Anthony Anderson as ...


Emerald City Comicon - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Emerald_City_Comicon


The Emerald City Comicon ... Farel Dalrymple, Peter David, Kelly Sue DeConnick, Rachel Deering, Anthony Del Col, Leila Del Duca, José Delbo, Shannon Denton, ...










Anthony Deering's Record? | Records.TruthFinder.com



Ad
 ·
Records.TruthFinder.com



Did you know Anthony Deering's possible criminal history is online



Searches related toanthony deering



anthony deering baltimore


exeter capital llc


anthony deering exeter capital


tony deering baltimore



tony deering rouse


tony deering


maron deering


anthony capital llc




12345Next

Related Searches



anthony deering baltimore


exeter capital llc


anthony deering exeter capital


tony deering baltimore


tony deering rouse


tony deering


maron deering


anthony capital llc




















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network








