 



Deimos Asset Management Launches Hedge Fund Management Business with Strategic Investment from Ares Management | Business Wire


























































Deimos Asset Management Launches Hedge Fund Management Business with 
      Strategic Investment from Ares Management






March 03, 2015 02:00 PM Eastern Standard Time



PURCHASE, N.Y.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Deimos Asset Management LLC (“Deimos”), a multi-strategy hedge fund 
      manager, announced today the recent launch of operations of its new 
      hedge fund management business. Ares Management, L.P. (NYSE: ARES), a 
      leading global alternative asset manager, has made a strategic 
      investment in the company. Deimos was formed through a management buyout 
      of Guggenheim Global Trading, LLC, the former multi-manager, 
      multi-strategy hedge fund platform of Guggenheim Partners. Ontario 
      Teachers’ Pension Plan (“Teachers’”) is an anchor investor in Deimos’ 
      multi-strategy product through a managed account platform.
    


      Deimos is led by Patrick Hughes and Loren Katzovitz, former co-heads of 
      Guggenheim Global Trading, and Mark Standish, a former Group Executive 
      of Royal Bank of Canada and Co-CEO of RBC Capital Markets, as Managing 
      Partners. Deimos is focused on the development of a suite of alternative 
      asset management products, which is expected to include a multi-strategy 
      hedge fund, along with a wide variety of individual hedge fund 
      strategies. Deimos launched its operations with nine investment 
      strategies focusing initially on the U.S. and Europe with plans to 
      expand into additional markets over time.
    

      “Having known the partners of Deimos professionally for many years, we 
      are excited to work with this team to enter the large and rapidly 
      growing hedge fund asset class, which represents 30% to 40% of all 
      alternative investments today,” said Michael Arougheti, Co-Founder and 
      President of Ares. “We believe we can create value with this strategic 
      partnership by cross selling its hedge fund advisory services to our 
      global investor base. This is a natural extension of our firm’s 
      continuing diversification across alternative asset classes, which we 
      believe enhances our value proposition to our investors.”
    

      “We could not be more pleased to be working with Ares and to have 
      Ontario Teachers’ as an anchor investor,” said Loren Katzovitz, one of 
      Deimos’ Managing Partners. “Ares possesses a world-class distribution 
      and marketing team which will be invaluable to us as we expand our hedge 
      fund offerings. We look forward to building this business and executing 
      on what we see as a very large opportunity within the hedge fund space.”
    

      Deimos’ business plan provides meaningful advantages in light of 
      changing conditions in the hedge fund industry. With its 
      institutional-quality infrastructure and ability to pool resources for 
      multiple managers, Deimos provides institutional-grade operational, 
      compliance and technology resources to mitigate the significant 
      challenges that new and smaller funds face, including increasingly 
      challenging regulatory requirements. In addition, the Deimos platform 
      allows investors to streamline the expense and time cost of due 
      diligence by allowing investors the flexibility to access multiple 
      high-quality investment teams through a single relationship.
    

      The three Managing Partners of Deimos have extensive experience in the 
      investment industry and have worked together in prior organizations. 
      Loren Katzovitz and Patrick Hughes were Managing Partners in Guggenheim 
      Partners, where they built Guggenheim Advisors, the firm’s managed 
      account platform which was later sold to the Bank of Ireland. Mr. 
      Katzovitz and Mr. Hughes more recently built Guggenheim Global Trading. 
      Mark Standish, a former Group Executive at Royal Bank of Canada and 
      Co-CEO of RBC Capital Markets and RBC Investor and Treasury Services, 
      oversaw a wide range of businesses at RBC, including the proprietary 
      trading business. Mr. Katzovitz and Mr. Standish previously worked 
      together, beginning in the mid-1980s at Bankers Trust Company in London, 
      with Mr. Hughes joining them in the early 1990s, and at RBC, where Mr. 
      Katzovitz and Mr. Standish co-headed the global equity derivatives and 
      proprietary trading business from 1995 until 2002. In addition, several 
      members of senior management of Ares were also colleagues of Mr. 
      Standish at RBC.
    

About Deimos Asset Management


      Deimos Asset Management LLC is a multi-manager global hedge fund 
      management company located in Purchase, New York and registered under 
      the Investment Advisers Act of 1940. Deimos currently includes seven 
      portfolio management groups investing under a variety of fundamental and 
      quantitative strategies. Deimos was organized by the management of 
      Guggenheim Global Trading, LLC to acquire the business of that company 
      from its parent, Guggenheim Partners. The acquisition was completed on 
      January 31, 2015.
    

About Ares Management


      Ares Management, L.P. (NYSE: ARES) is a leading global alternative 
      investment manager with approximately $86 billion of assets under 
      management and more than 15 offices in the United States, Europe and 
      Asia as of December 31, 2014, pro forma for the acquisition of Energy 
      Investors Funds on January 1, 2015. Since its inception in 1997, Ares 
      has adhered to a disciplined investment philosophy that focuses on 
      delivering strong risk-adjusted investment returns throughout market 
      cycles. Ares believes each of its four distinct but complementary 
      investment groups in Tradable Credit, Direct Lending, Private Equity and 
      Real Estate is a market leader based on assets under management and 
      investment performance. Ares was built upon the fundamental principle 
      that each group benefits from being part of the greater whole.
    

About Teachers’


      With $140.8 billion in net assets as of December 31, 2013, Teachers’ is 
      Canada’s largest single-profession pension plan. An independent 
      organization, it invests the pension fund’s assets on behalf of 307,000 
      retired and working teachers.
    




Contacts

      Muirfield PartnersMickey Mandelbaum, (310) 785-0810Jennifer 
      Gill, (310) 695-1412mickey@muirfieldpartners.comjenn@muirfieldpartners.com









Release Summary
Deimos Asset Management LLC announced today the recent launch of operations of its new hedge fund management business. Ares Management has made a strategic investment in the company.






Contacts

      Muirfield PartnersMickey Mandelbaum, (310) 785-0810Jennifer 
      Gill, (310) 695-1412mickey@muirfieldpartners.comjenn@muirfieldpartners.com







 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up












 



Richard Franzen Joins Deimos Asset Management as Managing Director and Portfolio Manager | Business Wire


























































Richard Franzen Joins Deimos Asset Management as Managing 
      Director and Portfolio Manager






January 26, 2016 08:30 AM Eastern Standard Time



PURCHASE, N.Y.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Deimos Asset Management LLC, a multi-strategy hedge fund manager, 
      announced today that Richard Franzen has joined the firm as a Managing 
      Director and Portfolio Manager. At Deimos, Franzen will focus on 
      managing a pairs-based trading strategy.
    

      Prior to Deimos, Franzen managed portfolios based on the same strategy 
      at REF Advisors LLC and at Battenkill Capital Management Inc. since 
      2007. Previous to that he was employed as an analyst and portfolio 
      manager at Merrill Lynch Investment Managers from 1996 to 2005 and as an 
      analyst at Millennium Management LLC in 2006.
    

      Franzen is the fifth portfolio manager to join Deimos since last July, 
      following the additions of Paul Orwicz, James Warner, Charles Slotnik 
      and the Brasidas team of Jon Withaar and Steve Deitch. With these hires, 
      Deimos continues to build on its business strategy of developing a suite 
      of hedge fund products, expected to include a multi-strategy hedge fund, 
      along with a wide variety of individual hedge fund strategies.
    

About Deimos Asset Management


      Deimos Asset Management LLC is a multi-manager global hedge fund 
      management company located in Purchase, N.Y., and registered under the 
      Investment Advisers Act of 1940. Deimos’ portfolio management groups 
      invest under a variety of fundamental and quantitative strategies. 
      Deimos was formed through a management buyout of Guggenheim Global 
      Trading, LLC, the former multi-manager, multi-strategy hedge fund 
      platform of Guggenheim Partners. The acquisition was completed on 
      January 31, 2015.
    

      Deimos is led by managing partners Patrick Hughes, Loren Katzovitz and 
      Mark Standish. Ontario Teachers’ Pension Plan is an anchor investor in 
      Deimos’ multi-strategy product through a managed account platform, and 
      leading global alternative asset manager Ares Management, L.P. (NYSE: 
      ARES) has made a strategic investment in Deimos.
    




Contacts

      Muirfield PartnersMickey Mandelbaum, 310-785-0810mickey@muirfieldpartners.comorJennifer 
      Gill, 310-695-1412jenn@muirfieldpartners.com











Release Summary
Richard Franzen has joined Deimos Asset Management as a Managing Director and Portfolio Manager, where he is focused on managing a pairs-based trading strategy.






Contacts

      Muirfield PartnersMickey Mandelbaum, 310-785-0810mickey@muirfieldpartners.comorJennifer 
      Gill, 310-695-1412jenn@muirfieldpartners.com









 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up














Deimos Asset Management LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 8:56 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Deimos Asset Management LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Guggenheim Global Trading is a hedge fund based in Purchase, New York.


4 Manhattanville Road4th FloorPurchase, NY 10577United States



Phone: 914-251-8100

Fax: 646-224-9827








Key Executives for Deimos Asset Management LLC




Mr. Loren M. Katzovitz


      	Managing Partner
      








Mr. Patrick T. Hughes


      	Managing Partner
      








Mr. Mark Allan Standish


      	Managing Partner
      








Mr. Paul Orwicz


      	Managing Director and Portfolio Manager
      








Mr. James A. Warner III


      	Managing Director and Portfolio Manager
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Deimos Asset Management LLC Key Developments

Deimos Asset Management LLC Appoints Richard Franzen as Managing Director and Portfolio Manager
Jan 26 16
Deimos Asset Management LLC announced that Richard Franzen has joined the firm as a Managing Director and Portfolio Manager. At the company, Franzen will focus on managing a pairs-based trading strategy. Prior to the company, Franzen managed portfolios based on the same strategy at REF Advisors LLC and at Battenkill Capital Management Inc. since 2007. Previous to that he was employed as an analyst and portfolio manager at Merrill Lynch Investment Managers from 1996 to 2005 and as an analyst at Millennium Management LLC in 2006.


Deimos Asset Management LLC Announces Executive Appointments
Dec 1 15
Deimos Asset Management LLC announced that the Brasidas Capital Management team of Jon Withaar and Steve Deitch have joined the firm as Managing Directors and Portfolio Managers. At Deimos, Withaar and Deitch will continue to build and manage portfolios based on global equity event driven investments, primarily focused on Asia. They will manage a portion of the Deimos multi-strategy assets and also plan to launch a co-branded fund based on the Brasidas strategy. Before founding Brasidas, Withaar and Deitch were Portfolio Managers for over four years at Millennium Management LLC.


Charles Slotnik Joins Deimos Asset Management LLC as Managing Director and Portfolio Manager
Oct 19 15
Deimos Asset Management LLC announced that Charles Slotnik has joined the firm as a Managing Director and Portfolio Manager. At Deimos, Slotnik will focus on building and managing a portfolio of investments in event arbitrage. Prior to Deimos, Slotnik spent the last twenty years managing portfolios focused on event arbitrage at Carlson Capital, Brookline Avenue Partners and Slotnik Capital Management.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Deimos Asset Management LLC, please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close



































Deimos Asset Management Launches Hedge Fund Management Business With Strategic Investment From Ares Management - TheStreet




































































 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 








































Deimos Asset Management Launches Hedge Fund Management Business With Strategic Investment From Ares Management






Business Wire




Mar 3, 2015 2:00 PM EST













 




























































  Deimos Asset Management LLC ("Deimos"), a multi-strategy hedge fund manager, announced today the recent launch of operations of its new hedge fund management business. Ares Management, L.P. (NYSE: ARES), a leading global alternative asset manager, has made a strategic investment in the company. Deimos was formed through a management buyout of Guggenheim Global Trading, LLC, the former multi-manager, multi-strategy hedge fund platform of Guggenheim Partners. Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan ("Teachers'") is an anchor investor in Deimos' multi-strategy product through a managed account platform.  Deimos is led by Patrick Hughes and Loren Katzovitz, former co-heads of Guggenheim Global Trading, and Mark Standish, a former Group Executive of Royal Bank of Canada and Co-CEO of RBC Capital Markets, as Managing Partners. Deimos is focused on the development of a suite of alternative asset management products, which is expected to include a multi-strategy hedge fund, along with a wide variety of individual hedge fund strategies. Deimos launched its operations with nine investment strategies focusing initially on the U.S. and Europe with plans to expand into additional markets over time.  "Having known the partners of Deimos professionally for many years, we are excited to work with this team to enter the large and rapidly growing hedge fund asset class, which represents 30% to 40% of all alternative investments today," said Michael Arougheti, Co-Founder and President of Ares. "We believe we can create value with this strategic partnership by cross selling its hedge fund advisory services to our global investor base. This is a natural extension of our firm's continuing diversification across alternative asset classes, which we believe enhances our value proposition to our investors."  "We could not be more pleased to be working with Ares and to have Ontario Teachers' as an anchor investor," said Loren Katzovitz, one of Deimos' Managing Partners. "Ares possesses a world-class distribution and marketing team which will be invaluable to us as we expand our hedge fund offerings. We look forward to building this business and executing on what we see as a very large opportunity within the hedge fund space."  



 








 










































If you liked this article you might like













Carl Icahn's Presence Looms Over Hertz (HTZ) C-Suite Changes
The billionaire investor controls three seats on what is now a seven-person board of directors for the car rental company.



Ian Wenik

Dec 14, 2016 1:58 PM EST
























The Answer to Whether You Should Buy Bonds Is: 'Are You Nuts'?
In truth, this is a good time to do absolutely nothing.



Tim Melvin

Dec 5, 2016 1:00 PM EST
























Digging for Safe and Cheap Stocks
3 stocks come up on the screen right now when I use my favorite filters.



Tim Melvin

Sep 23, 2016 12:00 PM EDT
























Own a Piece of the Rock -- and Sun
3 book value bargains for the long run.



Tim Melvin

Sep 20, 2016 12:00 PM EDT








































 











Trending


Amazon Falls, Obamacare Repeal Fails - 5 Things You Must Know Before the Market Opens


I Believe 'Ugly' Would Be the Proper Term for the Selloff: Market Recon


Exxon Mobil Stock Tanks on Earnings Miss


Don't Buy the Hype, Twitter Isn't Dead Yet; AT&T, Verizon Prove Their Worth


Stock Futures Lower on Amazon's Earnings Disappointment, U.S. Economy Grows 2.6% in Q2











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 














Deimos Asset Management LLC: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback







































deimos asset management llc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Investment Management
Deimos Asset Management LLC operates as a hedge fund manager. The Company provides portfolio management and advisory services to pooled investment vehicles.




Corporate Information
Address:

4 Manhattanville Road
4th Floor
Purchase, NY 10577
United States


Phone:
1-914-251-8100


Fax:
1-914-251-1780























From The Web











Key Executives


Jesse Robert Lovejoy


CAO/Partner







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data





































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












      Big Canada Pension Fund Invests in Deimos Asset Hedge Fund - WSJ
    







































































































 




Dow Jones, a News Corp companyNews Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information servicesDow JonesBarron'sBigChartsDJXDow Jones NewswiresFactivaFinancial NewsMansion GlobalMarketWatchNewsPlusPrivate MarketsRisk & ComplianceWSJ ConferenceWSJ ProWSJ VideoWSJ.comNews CorpBig DecisionsBusiness SpectatorCheckout51Harper CollinsNew York PostPropTigerREArealtor.comStoryfulThe AustralianThe SunThe TimesSubscribe NowSign InThe Wall Street JournalSearchSearch→
 

 

















                      Tech Selloff Spreads to Europe and Asia
                    











                      UBS, Credit Suisse Boost Earnings After Strategic Shift
                    











                      Libor: A Eulogy for the ‘World’s Most Important Number’
                    











                        Tax Report
                      

                      Bad News If You Make $150,000 to $300,000: Higher Taxes for Many
                    











                      Sapphire Reserve Cards Aren’t Very Rewarding For J.P. Morgan
                    











                      Meet Randal Quarles, Trump’s Pick to Shake Up the Fed
                    











                      Why Pandas Are Becoming Popular in Hungary
                    











                      Glencore Under Probe Over Congo Payments
                    











                      Wall Street Needs You to Borrow Against Your Stock
                    











                      Buyout Firm Blames China-Bashing for Stalled Deal
                    











                      HNA’s Biggest Shareholder Doesn’t Really Exist Yet
                    









 



 






 

































        Small
      




        Medium
      




        Large
      








Save Article
Sign In to Save
Subscribe to WSJ









 










Markets




Big Canada Pension Fund Invests in Deimos Asset Hedge Fund

 






By

Ben Dummett


Ben Dummett
The Wall Street Journal
BiographyBen Dummett
@BenDummett
ben.dummett@wsj.com




  March 3, 2015 1:55 p.m. ET





TORONTO—One of Canada’s biggest pension funds is investing in Deimos Asset Management LLC, a new hedge fund spearheaded by a group that includes the former co-head of Royal Bank of Canada’s capital markets division. Ontario Teachers’ Pension Plan, which oversees 140.8 billion Canadian dollars in assets ($112.3 billion), will invest an undisclosed...
  


    To Read the Full Story
  


      Subscribe
    

      Sign In
    



 












 






Most Popular Videos









Sen. Graham: The 'Skinny' Bill Is a Disaster









Dan Neil Drives VW's Atlas









Who and What Is Covered by Medicaid?









How Luxury Home Builders Build for Themselves









USS Thunderbolt Fires Warning Shots at Iranian Vessel in Gulf






Most Popular Articles








Scaramucci Erupts Over Priebus and Leakers








Stop Saying Tom Brady Is Old!








Bad News If You Make $150,000 to $300,000: Higher Taxes for Many








Hanging Nude Paintings in Your Home: So Out, They’re In








Opinion: How Long Can the Trump Tumult Go On?





 





 







              Popular on WSJ
            








Most Popular Videos









Sen. Graham: The 'Skinny' Bill Is a Disaster









Dan Neil Drives VW's Atlas









Who and What Is Covered by Medicaid?









How Luxury Home Builders Build for Themselves









USS Thunderbolt Fires Warning Shots at Iranian Vessel in Gulf






Most Popular Articles








Scaramucci Erupts Over Priebus and Leakers








Stop Saying Tom Brady Is Old!








Bad News If You Make $150,000 to $300,000: Higher Taxes for Many








Hanging Nude Paintings in Your Home: So Out, They’re In








Opinion: How Long Can the Trump Tumult Go On?





 








 
















   
     
       
     
   

  
    
      
    
  

  
    
      
    
  

  
    
      
    
  


  
    
    
      
    
    
      Save Article
      Sign In to Save
      Subscribe to WSJ
    
  

   
     
       
     
   
   
     
       
     
   




  
  
    
      
  
    
      Text Size
  
      
      
        

        Small
      
  
      
      
        

        Medium
      
  
      
      
        

        Large
      
    
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
    
      
        
          
            
              
          
            Print
          
        
      
          
            
              
          
            Facebook
          
        
        
          
            
              
          
            Twitter
          
        
        
          
            
              
          
            WhatsApp
          
        
  
        
          
            
              
          
            SMS
          
        
  
  
        
          
            
              
          
            Copy Link
          
        
  
      
  
      
        
    
  
    
  
  
  


 




















OTTP provides anchor commitment to Deimos' hedge fund product - PE Hub























































SUBSCRIBE TO PE HUB WIRE
Join over 60,000 of your peers
Get the must-read email for PE/VC professionals delivered to your inbox daily
        — for free!







US Edition (daily)



Canada Edition (weekly)


We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties.


I accept the Terms and Conditions




SUBSCRIBE YES! No






RegisterSign in



A Community for Professionals in Private Capital



































OTTP provides anchor commitment to Deimos’ hedge fund product


March 3, 2015




Print
Email





Share via email


Separate multiple email addresses with commas

Share
Send me a copy



Email preview

To: 
From: 
Subject: Look at this story on PE HUB
OTTP provides anchor commitment to Deimos' hedge fund product
Deimos Asset Management has launched its new hedge fund management business, which was formed through a recent management buyout of Guggenheim Global Trading's platform. Ontario Teachers’ Pension Plan (OTTP) is an anchor investor in Deimos’ multi-strategy product, while Ares Management has made a strategic investment in the firm. Based in Purchase, New York, Deimos launched its operations with nine investment strategies focused initially on the United States and Europe. It is co-led by Mark Standish, a former executive at the Royal Bank of Canada and co-CEO of RBC Capital Markets.
Continue reading on PE HUB
 writes: 



















Deimos Asset Management has launched its new hedge fund management business, which was formed through a recent management buyout of Guggenheim Global Trading‘s platform. Ontario Teachers’ Pension Plan (OTTP) is an anchor investor in Deimos’ multi-strategy product, while Ares Management has made a strategic investment in the firm. Based in Purchase, New York, Deimos launched its operations with nine investment strategies focused initially on the United States and Europe. It is co-led by Mark Standish, a former executive at the Royal Bank of Canada and co-CEO of RBC Capital Markets.
PRESS RELEASE
Deimos Asset Management Launches Hedge Fund Management Business with Strategic Investment from Ares Management
March 03, 2015
PURCHASE, N.Y.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Deimos Asset Management LLC (“Deimos”), a multi-strategy hedge fund manager, announced today the recent launch of operations of its new hedge fund management business. Ares Management, L.P. (NYSE: ARES), a leading global alternative asset manager, has made a strategic investment in the company. Deimos was formed through a management buyout of Guggenheim Global Trading, LLC, the former multi-manager, multi-strategy hedge fund platform of Guggenheim Partners. Ontario Teachers’ Pension Plan (“Teachers’”) is an anchor investor in Deimos’ multi-strategy product through a managed account platform. 





“We could not be more pleased to be working with Ares and to have Ontario Teachers’ as an anchor investor”
Deimos is led by Patrick Hughes and Loren Katzovitz, former co-heads of Guggenheim Global Trading, and Mark Standish, a former Group Executive of Royal Bank of Canada and Co-CEO of RBC Capital Markets, as Managing Partners. Deimos is focused on the development of a suite of alternative asset management products, which is expected to include a multi-strategy hedge fund, along with a wide variety of individual hedge fund strategies. Deimos launched its operations with nine investment strategies focusing initially on the U.S. and Europe with plans to expand into additional markets over time.
“Having known the partners of Deimos professionally for many years, we are excited to work with this team to enter the large and rapidly growing hedge fund asset class, which represents 30% to 40% of all alternative investments today,” said Michael Arougheti, Co-Founder and President of Ares. “We believe we can create value with this strategic partnership by cross selling its hedge fund advisory services to our global investor base. This is a natural extension of our firm’s continuing diversification across alternative asset classes, which we believe enhances our value proposition to our investors.”
“We could not be more pleased to be working with Ares and to have Ontario Teachers’ as an anchor investor,” said Loren Katzovitz, one of Deimos’ Managing Partners. “Ares possesses a world-class distribution and marketing team which will be invaluable to us as we expand our hedge fund offerings. We look forward to building this business and executing on what we see as a very large opportunity within the hedge fund space.” 





Deimos’ business plan provides meaningful advantages in light of changing conditions in the hedge fund industry. With its institutional-quality infrastructure and ability to pool resources for multiple managers, Deimos provides institutional-grade operational, compliance and technology resources to mitigate the significant challenges that new and smaller funds face, including increasingly challenging regulatory requirements. In addition, the Deimos platform allows investors to streamline the expense and time cost of due diligence by allowing investors the flexibility to access multiple high-quality investment teams through a single relationship.
The three Managing Partners of Deimos have extensive experience in the investment industry and have worked together in prior organizations. Loren Katzovitz and Patrick Hughes were Managing Partners in Guggenheim Partners, where they built Guggenheim Advisors, the firm’s managed account platform which was later sold to the Bank of Ireland. Mr. Katzovitz and Mr. Hughes more recently built Guggenheim Global Trading. Mark Standish, a former Group Executive at Royal Bank of Canada and Co-CEO of RBC Capital Markets and RBC Investor and Treasury Services, oversaw a wide range of businesses at RBC, including the proprietary trading business. Mr. Katzovitz and Mr. Standish previously worked together, beginning in the mid-1980s at Bankers Trust Company in London, with Mr. Hughes joining them in the early 1990s, and at RBC, where Mr. Katzovitz and Mr. Standish co-headed the global equity derivatives and proprietary trading business from 1995 until 2002. In addition, several members of senior management of Ares were also colleagues of Mr. Standish at RBC. 





About Deimos Asset Management
Deimos Asset Management LLC is a multi-manager global hedge fund management company located in Purchase, New York and registered under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940. Deimos currently includes seven portfolio management groups investing under a variety of fundamental and quantitative strategies. Deimos was organized by the management of Guggenheim Global Trading, LLC to acquire the business of that company from its parent, Guggenheim Partners. The acquisition was completed on January 31, 2015.
About Ares Management
Ares Management, L.P. (NYSE: ARES) is a leading global alternative investment manager with approximately $86 billion of assets under management and more than 15 offices in the United States, Europe and Asia as of December 31, 2014, pro forma for the acquisition of Energy Investors Funds on January 1, 2015. Since its inception in 1997, Ares has adhered to a disciplined investment philosophy that focuses on delivering strong risk-adjusted investment returns throughout market cycles. Ares believes each of its four distinct but complementary investment groups in Tradable Credit, Direct Lending, Private Equity and Real Estate is a market leader based on assets under management and investment performance. Ares was built upon the fundamental principle that each group benefits from being part of the greater whole.
About Teachers’
With $140.8 billion in net assets as of December 31, 2013, Teachers’ is Canada’s largest single-profession pension plan. An independent organization, it invests the pension fund’s assets on behalf of 307,000 retired and working teachers. 





Contacts
Muirfield Partners
Mickey Mandelbaum, (310) 785-0810
Jennifer Gill, (310) 695-1412
[email protected]
[email protected]
Photo courtesy of Shutterstock

Print
Email





Share via email


Separate multiple email addresses with commas

Share
Send me a copy



Email preview

To: 
From: 
Subject: Look at this story on PE HUB
OTTP provides anchor commitment to Deimos' hedge fund product
Deimos Asset Management has launched its new hedge fund management business, which was formed through a recent management buyout of Guggenheim Global Trading's platform. Ontario Teachers’ Pension Plan (OTTP) is an anchor investor in Deimos’ multi-strategy product, while Ares Management has made a strategic investment in the firm. Based in Purchase, New York, Deimos launched its operations with nine investment strategies focused initially on the United States and Europe. It is co-led by Mark Standish, a former executive at the Royal Bank of Canada and co-CEO of RBC Capital Markets.
Continue reading on PE HUB
 writes: 














DON'T MISS OUT! Meet new and diverse managers in private equity, venture capital and real estate at the third Emerging Manager Connect East at New York City's Harvard Club. CLICK HERE FOR DETAILS!  









Sign up to our Newsletter

Receive updates from our PE HUB Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters:


First Name:



Last Name:



Email Address:




US Edition (daily)



Canada Edition (weekly)


We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties.


I accept the Terms and Conditions









You are now subscribed to the PEHub Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters. 




Buyouts Insider/Argosy Group LLC produces several free newsletters that are sent directly to the email you provide at registration (namely, PE Hub Wire, PE Hub Canada Wire, PE Hub Wire Top Story of the Week, Buyouts Daily, and VCJ Alert). To enable us to keep providing these services free of charge, we reserve the right to contact you with special invitations to sample or purchase private equity-related products. 
By submitting this free subscription request for any of these products, you are also consenting to this communication. Should you ever wish to unsubscribe from a particular communication you may activate the unsubscribe mechanism at the bottom of the email. This will discontinue both the special invitations mentioned previously, as well as your subscription to the weekly newsletter. The information you provide will be safeguarded by Argosy Group LLC/Buyouts Insider. The company’s subsidiaries may use it to keep you informed of relevant products and services. We occasionally allow reputable companies outside of the company to mail details of products which may be of interest to you. As an international group, we may transfer your data on a global basis for the purposes indicated above. 
WE WILL NEVER SHARE YOUR EMAIL OR CONTACT DETAILS WITH ANY OUTSIDE COMPANY HOWEVER.

			    Should you have any questions please do not hesitate to contact us: [email protected].
	    	

 




Top Posts Clairvest to sell CRS to Ashtead’s Sunbelt Rentals for $275 mln
by Kirk Falconer

Novacap’s fifth tech-buyout fund blows by target, raises $840 mln
by Kirk Falconer

Five questions with John Ruffolo, CEO of OMERS Ventures
by Kirk Falconer

PayPal completes $302 mln acquisition of TIO Networks
by Kirk Falconer

Fintech platform Borrowell raises $12 mln in VC, $45 mln in debt
by Kirk Falconer

OMERS to earn 2.6x its money with $1.72 bln sale of Civica
by Kirk Falconer

Birch Hill to buy CCM hockey brand from Adidas for $110 mln
by Kirk Falconer

Information Venture Partners leads Flybits’ $6.5 mln Series B
by Kirk Falconer

 


































Paul Orwicz Joins Deimos Asset Management as Managing Director and Portfolio Manager





























































Paul Orwicz Joins Deimos Asset Management as Managing Director and Portfolio Manager
Paul Orwicz has joined Deimos Asset Management as a Managing Director and Portfolio Manager, where he will build and manage a portfolio of technology, media and telecommunications (TMT) investments.
























Tweet




















July 8, 2015 - 04:00 AM PDT


PURCHASE, N.Y.



(Business Wire)  
      Deimos Asset Management LLC, a multi-strategy hedge fund manager, 
      announced today that Paul Orwicz has joined the firm as a Managing 
      Director and Portfolio Manager. In this role, Orwicz is focused on 
      building and managing a portfolio of technology, media and 
      telecommunications (TMT) investments.
    

      Orwicz is a 13-year veteran of SAC Capital and Point 72, where he 
      managed portfolios focused on technology, media and telecommunications, 
      consumer products and energy. He also managed assets at Sursum Capital, 
      an independent firm which he ran from 2009 to 2011.
    

      Orwicz’s hire builds on the Deimos business model, which is to develop a 
      suite of hedge fund products expected to include a multi-strategy hedge 
      fund, along with a wide variety of individual hedge fund strategies.
    

About Deimos Asset ManagementDeimos Asset Management LLC is 
      a multi-manager global hedge fund management company located in 
      Purchase, N.Y., and registered under the Investment Advisers Act of 
      1940. Deimos’ portfolio management groups invest under a variety of 
      fundamental and quantitative strategies. Deimos was formed through a 
      management buyout of Guggenheim Global Trading, LLC, the former 
      multi-manager, multi-strategy hedge fund platform of Guggenheim 
      Partners. The acquisition was completed on January 31, 2015.
    

      Deimos is led by managing partners Patrick Hughes, Loren Katzovitz and 
      Mark Standish. Ontario Teachers’ Pension Plan is an anchor investor in 
      Deimos’ multi-strategy product through a managed account platform, and 
      leading global alternative asset manager Ares Management, L.P. (NYSE: 
      ARES) has made a strategic investment in Deimos.
    


View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20150708005287/en/ 

Filed In:
Finance, 
Business Services


help us maintain quality content — report this story






Feed


Email


PDF


Print





Contact




      Muirfield PartnersMickey Mandelbaum, 310-785-0810mickey@muirfieldpartners.comorJennifer 
      Gill, 310-695-1412jenn@muirfieldpartners.com








More


Read more stories from Deimos Asset Management LLC






 
























Home | About | dlvr.it Social | Browser Extension | Contact | API | Help | TOS

add your story  






 




	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































