






Delaware Board Of Trade Holdings Inc in Wilmington, DE | 1313 N Market St, Wilmington, DE






< Back to previousDelaware Board Of Trade Holdings Inc(0){{slogan}}1313 N Market StWilmington, DE 19801{{yextOffer}}{{yextOffer}} {{phone[0]}}{{ctatag}}{{ctatag}}{{ctatag}}{{ctatag}}{{ctatag}} Add Photo Add PhotoAdd PhotoAdd Photo Website Email BusinessView MenuOrder NowBook a Reservation{{hotel_tag}}{{flowers_tag}}{{cars_tag}}{{circular_flyer_tag}}Buy a Gift Certificate{{rest_res_tag}}{{rest_profile_tag}}{{coupon_flyer_tag}}View yellow pages ad {{y}}{{ad.display_text}}{{r.review_text}}...ReviewsPhotosCouponsDetails{{phone[0]}}Powered by  Get DirectionsMore {{rank1catcity}}{{a.name}}({{a.rating.count}}){{a.slogan}}{{a.address}}  View More {{rank1cat}}Are You The Business Owner? Claim your free business listing on Superpages.com  and add important information about your business online. The more reviews and additional information you provide about your business, the easier it will be for customers to find you online.Claim This BusinessREVIEWSWrite a Review  My Ratings & Reviews Write a ReviewBusiness Owner Response,{{review_date(r.date)}}{{r.text.substr(0, 235)}}{{r.text.substr(235)}}... More Less{{r.signature}}{{r.signature}}{{r.signature}},{{review_date(r.date)}} Superpages.com EmployeeProvided by Citysearch.comProvided by Citysearch.com{{r.text.substr(0, 1000)}}{{r.text.substr(1000)}}... More LessWas this review helpful?Yes({{r.helpful_yes}})No({{r.helpful_total - r.helpful_yes}})|Business Owner Reply|Flag AbuseShowing {{pager.showingStart}}- {{pager.showingEnd}} of {{pager.showingTotal}} reviewsFirstPrev{{n}}NextLastPHOTOSView All Photos Add Photo Add PhotoVIDEOCOUPONS{{coupon.title}}Expires: {{coupon.expires}}DETAILSSuggest and UpdateDo you own this business?Message from {{profile.name}}... Read more LessProvided by CitySearchThis business is a Superpages advertiser.SocialCategories{{c.name}}, {{c.name}}, Additional Contacts{{phone}}Alt{{phone}}Fax{{phone}}FreeWebsiteView Menu More DetailsThe person icon  Employee Image indicates that the reviewer is an employee of Dex Media, Inc. Dex Media operates and sells advertising on Superpages.com. The views expressed in reviews are the opinion of each respective reviewer and do not necessarily reflect the view of Dex Media.Data provided by one or more of the following: Dex Media, Acxiom, Infogroup, Yext, Pingup.




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Delaware Board of Trade Holdings, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 8:59 AM ET
Software

Company Overview of Delaware Board of Trade Holdings, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Delaware Board of Trade Holdings, Inc. develops trading systems for the financial industry. The company was incorporated in 2013 and is based in Wilmington, Delaware.


1313 North Market StreetWilmington, DE 19801United StatesFounded in 2013



Phone: 302-295-3636








Key Executives for Delaware Board of Trade Holdings, Inc.




Mr. John Wallace


      	Executive Director
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 'LightArrow Inc. United States @RISK, Inc. United States @YourGate LLC United States 100Insights, Inc. United States 101 Edu, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Private Placement

			      June 22, 2017
			    
--



Merger/Acquisition

			      June 12, 2017
			    
NextGen Exchange Group



Private Placement

			      September 20, 2016
			    
--





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Delaware Board of Trade Holdings, Inc., please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Ex-NYSE, PHLX chairs seek $15MM for penny-IPO Delaware stock market


































































Special Offer for Philly.com Readers / Get The Philadelphia Inquirer and Daily News
Special Offer for Philly.com Readers








 







 

 
 


Search icon

 





SectionsClose
 
 
 
 
 

 







Search
Search








Search
Search icon

 
 

 
 


 
 



 Advertise Contact Us Permissions Reprints   

Powered By


Inquirer logo

Subscribe
 

Daily News logo

Subscribe
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 





 
 




  

business
— PhillyDeals  
Ex-NYSE, PHLX chairs seek $15MM for penny-IPO Delaware stock market 

 

Updated: July 27, 2015 — 10:32 AM EDT




Facebook icon
14Share


Twitter icon
Tweet


Tumblr icon

Tumblr


Mail icon
Email

 
 









Popular Stories





Bar fight at Center City Sips draws Twitter mockery  Jul 27 - 9:25 AM



Judge scoffs at 'Chip' Fattah's $3 million demand  Jul 27 - 7:29 PM 
 





 
  









 



  by Joseph N. DiStefano, Staff Writer
            Twitter icon @PhillyJoeD
 |  Mail icon
 JoeD@phillynews.com  
 
 


Close icon






 
 
 

Mail icon
 Email Twitter icon
 @PhillyJoeD &nbsp
   
 


Joseph N. DiStefano
 Staff Writer
 

Joseph N. DiStefano writes about Philadelphia-area enterprise, and the people and money that make it go.   



More by Joseph N. DiStefano





A med and tech backer lauds Philly's potential, even as he heads for Texas

Jul 26
 
 
 



Banks are raising loan rates faster than savings yields: WalletHub

Jul 25
 
 
 



Vanguard's new Philly outpost could be 'a game-changer' for tech scene

Jul 20
 
 
 
 
 
 
More from Joseph N. DiStefano Arrow icon

 
 
 
 
 
 

The 1990s-era chairmen of the New York and Philadelphia Stock Exchanges and a former longtime aide to Vice President Joe Biden are asking New Castle County, Delaware to help finance a new stock exchange focused on newly-legal small-company IPOs, reports Xerxes Wilson in the Wilmington News Journal here. Highlights:



"County Council on Tuesday is scheduled to review a proposal from Delaware Board of Trade Holdings Inc., which was incorporated in June and is led by John F. Wallace, former CEO of the Philadelphia Stock Exchange. Dick Grasso, former chairman and CEO of the New York Stock Exchange, and Joseph J. Grano, former chairman and CEO of UBS Capital Markets, are listed as advisers for the company."
The proposed exchange "is seeking to capture a share of business created by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act passed by U.S. Congress in 2012, which sought to make it easier for small companies to raise capital. Small companies can now sell up to $50 million in shares in a 12-month period without the full reporting requirements of going public. Previous rules capped such offerings at $5 million... 

"The company wants to launch two alternative trading systems in Wilmington – one for trading of U.S. and foreign securities and the other for small and medium businesses that don't qualify for listing on Nasdaq or the New York Stock Exchange," both regulated by the SEC and FIRC. 
"County Chief Administrative Officer David Grimaldi said the bond would pay for technology to set up the exchange and be combined with money from outside investors to cover financial requirements. He said officials approached county leaders about the project earlier this year."
Grimaldi told the paper that the exchange, not taxpayers, would be on the hook for bond repayments; that the county would collect a fee of one-half percent of bond proceeds in exchange for lending its low-cost borrowing authority to the project; and that the electronic market, one of dozens that have opened in the U.S. since the 1990s, could create 100 jobs. 



 


"Senior managers for the company include Nick Niehoff, a former Nasdaq executive and CEO of the Cincinnati Stock Exchange," along with Pike Powers, former head of the Texas office of Washington law firm Fulbright & Jaworski, plus "Dennis Toner, an aide to Biden for more than three decades in the U.S. Senate and later as vice president. Toner, of Rehoboth Beach, was also on the board of the U.S. Postal Service from 2010 to 2012.
"Wilmington attorney Michael Kelly, who is representing the company, said they are deciding between locations on the riverfront and on King Street downtown. Kelly said the company hopes to be running 90-120 days after the bond deal is approved."
Delaware, with its business-friendly Chancery courts of appointed judges who specialize in resolving equity ownership disputes, lack of income taxes on "passive" intellectual-property payments and profits, and mix of local, New York and Philadelphia corporate law firm offices, is the legal home to more than half the Fortune 500 and New York Stock Exchange companies.
Wilson writes that "Delaware set a record for business formation in 2014, with 169,000 new entities forming under the Delaware General Corporation Law. That beat the old record of 162,000 set in 2000," and included most companies that conducted initial public stock offerings, according to the state Division of Corporations office. 








 Read more by Joseph N. DiStefano  
 
 




Published:  July 27, 2015 — 9:45 AM EDT
    | Updated: July 27, 2015 — 10:32 AM EDT


 
 



Thanks for your continued support...
We recently asked you to support our journalism. The response, in a word, is heartening. You have encouraged us in our mission — to provide quality news and watchdog journalism. Some of you have even followed through with subscriptions, which is especially gratifying. Our role as an independent, fact-based news organization has never been clearer. And our promise to you is that we will always strive to provide indispensable journalism to our community. Subscriptions are available for home delivery of the print edition and for a digital replica viewable on your mobile device or computer. Subscriptions start as low as  25¢ per day.
We're thankful for your support in every way.


 
 

 

 
 
  
 
 

 






  
 









 







DELAWARE BOARD OF TRADE HOLDINGS INC. | Company Profile from Hoover’s - D&B Hoovers








































































Menu









Buy Reports & Lists
How It Works




United States
United Kingdom



(855) 891-0791


Login
















Company
People
Industry





Search D&B Hoovers: Company | People | Industry








Login





Avention OneSource is now D&B Hoovers. Login here for access to D&B Hoovers, D&B DataVision, D&B Business Browser and iSell
Login







For customers of Hoovers prior to March 1, 2017.
Login




















Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial








Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial




















Search the D&B Hoovers Database

Company

Company
People
Industry

















Home
                >Company Information
                >Company Search
                >Company Overview - Profile


















Company Profile


Information For


Sales Preparation


Revenue & Financial


Available Products


















DELAWARE BOARD OF TRADE HOLDINGS INC.Company Information

1313 N Market St Fl 8Wilmington, DE, 19801 United States(302) 504-6055 †



Unlock more access to Hoover’s!

Build customized email lists 24/7, based on your best customer profile.
Learn more about the companies you want to sell to. Hoover’s has reports on 85+ million companies and 900 industries. 65,000 data points are updated each day. 
Get real insight written by real people – exclusive research and reviews by our in-house Editorial staff.
We can deliver our data to your desktop, to Excel, direct to your CRM, into your custom app, or via mobile. 


Request Your Free Trial

Call (866) 473-3932 today to get started with a FREE TRIAL!
 



 

DELAWARE BOARD OF TRADE HOLDINGS INC. Company Profile
Security and commodity exchanges, nsk
† Some telephone numbers on the Hoover’s site may be on a country’s do not call or do not contact list including, but not limited to, the United Kingdom’s CTPS or TPS registers. It is a legal requirement that companies do not make sales or marketing calls to registered numbers. These are central opt out registers whereby corporate subscribers and individuals can register their preference not to receive unsolicited sales and marketing telephone calls. By using the information provided on the Hoover’s sites, as the direct marketer you represent and warrant that you will use such information in compliance with all applicable local, state, national or international laws and regulations, including any local do not call registers or marketing regulations, and agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Dun & Bradstreet and each of its affiliates in the event your use violates such laws and regulations.

Additional DELAWARE BOARD OF TRADE HOLDINGS INC. Information

Sales Preparation

Get relevant industry context to prepare for your next sales call – trends, competitors, news, call prep questions, and more.



Credit Management & Finance

Determine and track a company’s financial condition.




Related Tags

Wilmington, DE, United States
Stock Exchanges







































FREE Alerts to Changes in Your D&B® Credit Scores!* Sign Up.
Get CreditSignal® for FREE!*












Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days! Get Started.
Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days

























DELAWARE BOARD OF TRADE HOLDINGS INC. | Revenue and Financial Reports - D&B Hoovers








































































Menu









Buy Reports & Lists
How It Works




United States
United Kingdom



(855) 891-0791


Login
















Company
People
Industry





Search D&B Hoovers: Company | People | Industry








Login





Avention OneSource is now D&B Hoovers. Login here for access to D&B Hoovers, D&B DataVision, D&B Business Browser and iSell
Login







For customers of Hoovers prior to March 1, 2017.
Login




















Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial








Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial




















Search the D&B Hoovers Database

Company

Company
People
Industry

















Home
                >Company Information
                >Company Search
                >Company Overview - Revenue & Financial Data

















Company Profile


Information For


Sales Preparation


Revenue & Financial


Available Products















DELAWARE BOARD OF TRADE HOLDINGS INC. Revenue and Financial Data
Security and commodity exchanges, nsk







Financials Information for DELAWARE BOARD OF TRADE HOLDINGS INC.

        Track this company’s financial condition.
Request Your Free Trial




Income Statement
Cash FlowBalance SheetCredit Rating







Income Statement (mil)





Revenue
$0.931629 (Estimated)


Gross Profit
$0.0 (Estimated)


Operating Income
$0.0 (Estimated)


Net Income
$0.0 (Estimated)


Diluted EPS
$0.0 (Estimated)










Cash Flow (mil)





Cash at the beginning of the year
$


Net Operating Cash
$


Net Investing Cash
$


Net Financing Cash
$


Net Change in Cash
$


Cash at end of the year
$


Capital Expenditure
$










Assets (mil)





Current Assets


Cash
$


Net Receivables
$


Inventories
$


Other Income Assets
$


Asset Summary


Total Current Assets
$


Net Fixed Assets
$


Other Noncurrent Assets
$


Total Assets
$






Liabilities (mil)





Current Liabilities


Accounts Payable
$


Short Term Debt
$


Other Current Liabilities
$


Liability Summary


Total Current Liabilities
$


Long Term Debt
$


Other Noncurrent Liabilities
$


Total Liabilities
$






Stakeholder's Equity (mil)





Equity


Preferred Stock Equity
$


Common Stock Equity
$


Equity Summary


Total Equity
$


Shares Outstanding








Credit Rating
              
                
                        Low
                        These businesses have a low projected risk of delinquency and a moderate to low risk of failure. 






 Need to go deeper? No problem.  Save time with complex financial data at your fingertips Access financial statements, SEC filings, earnings estimates, and more Call (866) 473-3932 to talk to a Business Information Consultant    Request Your Free Trial    


































FREE Alerts to Changes in Your D&B® Credit Scores!* Sign Up.
Get CreditSignal® for FREE!*












Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days! Get Started.
Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days

































Delaware Board of Trade Holdings Inc. | Delmarva Public Radio





















skip to main content







 
          89.5 Fine Arts & Culture - 90.7 Rhythm and News        




Site Menu


  Donate




























Delaware Board of Trade Holdings Inc.










 





New Source of Money for Wilmington Stock Exchange 

By Don Rush
•
Nov 24,  2015 











          creative commons         




The proposed Wilmington stock exchange could be getting some startup money from the Wilmington Urban Development Action Grant Corporation. There is a proposal for $2 million for the Delaware Board of Trade Holdings Inc. which would handle in small and medium sized businesses. The Wilmington News Journal reports the money would come from the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development that goes towards increasing economic activity in the downtown area. 






New Castle County Says Yes to Bonds for Wilmington Stock Exchange 

By Don Rush
•
Jul 29,  2015 











          Aturo De Modica  / creative commons         




The New Castle County Council yesterday okayed $15 million in bonds to help establish a stock exchange in Wilmington. Nick Niehoff, president and chief executive of Delaware Board of Trade Holdings Incorporated, said that there is no competitor to what the company was offering to establish. The exchange would provide place for small and medium sized companies that do not qualify for Nasdaq. In addition, there would be another trading system for U.S. and foreign securities to be done electronically. 




























Delaware Board of Trade Holdings Inc.
 in     Delaware
     United States
, Delaware
 | Decypha


































Sign In
|
Welcome  Guest 









 







Regions

GCC
                                |
                                    Levant
                                |
                                    MENA
                                |
                                    North Africa




GCC

Bahrain
                            |
                            Kuwait
                            |
                            Oman
                            |
                            Qatar
                            |
                            Saudi Arabia
                            |
                            United Arab Emirates




Levant

Iraq
                            |
                            Jordan
                            |
                            Lebanon
                            |
                            Palestine




North Africa

Egypt
                            |
                            Libya
                            |
                            Morocco
                            |
                            Tunisia




Others

Iran
                            |
                            Turkey
                            |
                            United Kingdom
                            |
                            United States












Advanced Search















News






Markets






Companies






Research






Funds






Fixed Income






Money Markets






Commodities






FX






Economics






Analysis






More











Sign In
Membership
Customize Your Decypha
Logout
Welcome
Decypha Alerts








Home


Company Screener


Profile








Delaware Board of Trade Holdings Inc.







Country :
                        United States

Sector : Diversified Financials
Industry :Diversified Financial Services

Sub-Industry :









Company

Profile


Management


Corporate Structure



Investments


Shareholders



Related Securities


News & Events

News


Disclosures


Reporting & Analysis

Financials & Ratios



Research



Operational KPIs






Request Company Profile Update


Delaware Board of Trade Holdings Inc. Profile

                        












Basic Information



 Activity :

                                                    The Delaware Board of Trade Holdings Inc. operates three companies: (i) DBOT ATS LLC, their SECrecognized
Alternative Trading System; (ii) DBOT Issuer Services LLC, focused on setting and maintaining
issuer...


                                



 Industry Group :
 Diversified Financial Services


 Sub-Industry :


 Contact Person
                                 :


Established On :











Delaware Board of Trade Holdings Inc.





Reports




Date
Title
File



    27-Apr-2017
                                        

                                            Delaware Board of Trade Announces Strategic Investment from S.S. Lootah Holdings Group
                                        









Check our
coverage
for
    United States


Check The
                        List



















By Job Title


Asset Managers |
                                    Corporate Banks |
                                    Investment Managers |
                                    Wealth Managers |
                                    Consultants & Advisors |
                                    Legal Practitioners |
                                    Academics |
                                    Hedge Funds |
                                    Private Equity Analysts |
                                    Traders |
                                    Equity Research Analysts


By Scope


Equity |
                                    Fixed Income |
                                    Funds |
                                    Excel  |
                                    Analytical Tools  |
                                    Markets  |
                                    Prices  |
                                    Money Market |
                                    News |
                                    Industry |
                                    IPOs |
                                    Mergers & Acquisitions |
                                    Commodities |
                                    Economics



Covered Countries and Exchanges

















Add Your Company | 
                                        Add Yourself | 
                                        Terms and Conditions | 
                                        Privacy Policy | 
                                        About DirectFN









Copyright ©  DirectFN. All Rights Reserved.











Data Not Available









Login











Login attempt was not successful. Please try again


Username/ Email:


Password:



Enter Characters:











 Forget your password?











Back to Top

Support & Feedback


Ask for free trial









Request a Trial
















Title:*


Mr
Mrs
Ms
Miss
Dr
Prof




First Name:*



Last Name:*



Email:*




Phone:*



Promo. Code:



Country:*


Select
Afganistan
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Cote D'Ivoire (Ivory Coast)
Croatia (Hrvatska)
Cuba
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Czechoslovakia (former)
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
East Timor
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
France, Metropolitan
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard and McDonald Islands
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
Neutral Zone
New Caledonia
New Zealand (Aotearoa)
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
North Korea
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestine
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Reunion
Romania
Russia
Rwanda
S. Georgia and S. Sandwich Isls.
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovak Republic
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Korea
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
St. Helena
St. Pierre and Miquelon
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen Islands
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
US Minor Outlying Islands
USSR (former)
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vatican City State (Holy See)
Venezuela
Vietnam
Virgin Islands (British)
Virgin Islands (U.S.)
Wallis and Futuna Islands
Western Sahara
Yemen
Yugoslavia
Zaire
Zambia
Zimbabwe




Company:*



Job Title:


Select
 Academics
 Asset Managers
 Consultants & Advisors
 Corporate Banks
 Equity Research Analysts
 Hedge Funds
 Investment Managers
 Legal Practioners
 Private Equity Analysts
 Traders
 Wealth Managers




Comments:




*Required Fields


 

 Submit



















Contact Us












Hello ,Please use the below form for
                            Product support & feedback


Name :  *  


Email:  * 


Phone Number :  * 






Preferred contact method :
Email
Phone











Technical Support 24x7: +94 112 314900 / slhops@directfn.net
Your Account Manager is, , , 






















 Get a Decypha Membership to view this content..................







Get a Decypha Membership


 Get the membership of Decypha Premium Package to access more exciting features including advanced analytical tools and the Pro 10 package. Pro 10 is designed keeping active investors in mind and offers a flexible framework to view information and do analysis the way you desire.

All you need to access these valuable features is to click on the Get a membership button and submit your details to our sales team.















Upgrade your Membership


 Account is not entitled to view this information.

 Please contact your account manager to upgrade your Membership.

Email :  support@decypha.com






 Register to view this content..................







 Decypha Free Registration


Register free with Decypha and get access to real-time price information and many other features including Technical Scanner, Fundamental Screener etc.

Just click the Registration button, submit your details and get registered for free.








 

 

Delaware Board of Trade opens and enters into agreement with exchange group - Delaware Business Now






























































 
















 


































 








Home
News

Cecil County
Chester County
Dining
Downstate
Finance
Kent County
New Castle County
Newark
Sussex County
Technology
Wilmington


Events
Newsletter
About

Advertising
Contact Us
Terms & Privacy


 


 








Search













 


72.4
F


Newark, Delaware





                Friday, July 28, 2017
            
























Sign in
Welcome! Log into your account

your username
your password

Forgot your password? Get help


Password recovery
Recover your password

your email

A password will be e-mailed to you.


















Home
News

AllCecil CountyChester CountyDiningDownstateFinanceKent CountyNew Castle CountyNewarkSussex CountyTechnologyWilmington


 Health care 

State’s two senators vow to work to improve health care bill… 




 Dining 

Iron Hill Brewery releases rendering of  Rehoboth Beach location 




 Delaware 

WSFS reports strong results in second quarter 




 Kent County 

Dover Downs’ profit drops to $32,000 as competition takes its toll 

 


Events
Newsletter
About

Advertising
Contact Us
Terms & Privacy















 




































 







Delaware Business Now




 




 






Home    

News    

Finance    Delaware Board of Trade opens and enters into agreement with exchange group





NewsFinanceTechnologyWilmington

Delaware Board of Trade opens and enters into agreement with exchange group

By Delaware Business Now -   July 5, 2017 0 




Share on Facebook
Tweet on Twitter







The Delaware Board of Trade has opened and entered into an agreement with NextGen Exchange Group that involves blockchain and other types of investment technology.
According to a release, NextGen will transfer 5 percent of its stock to the DelawareBoard Of Trade Holdings, Inc. The board has executed more than 500 trades, according to its website.
Also, Wecast Network, Inc. has acquired 51 percent of NextGen Exchange Group, described as the first Blockchain and Big Data-enabled index exchange, which will reside and operate under Wecast Network’s Wecast Services Group (“WSG”) and become a key component of Wecast’s Transactional Finance Product Cloud business. WCST will pay no money or stock for the stake.
TheDelawareBoard of Trade or DBOT, is an approved and licensed FINRA / SEC regulated electronic trading platform with operations in Delaware.
Advertisement
By using the board of trade’s existing platform, trading system, and technology, NextGen will be the the world’s first Big Data, artificial intelligence and blockchain-based platform to generate a new array of derivative indexes, a release stated.
Digital currency based products and index product trading is expected to begin in the second half of 2017, the release stated.
John F. Wallace, former chairman of the Philadelphia Stock Exchange and principal of the Delaware Board of Trade will serve as Executive Chairman of NextGen.
Wallace stated, “I am very pleased and excited to be participating in this new generation of exchange businesses as NextGen positions itself to become a leading global platform for securitization and digital currencies.”
The board of trade has received an outside investment as well as a loan from New Castle County. Its launch was delayed several times.

Facebook Comments
Advertisement 

 
RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR




 Delaware 

WSFS reports strong results in second quarter 

 



 Finance 

More details released on Sallie Mae’s plan to add jobs in New Castle 

 



 Real estate 

$65 million note for Hercules Plaza sells for nearly $23 million 

  
Advertisement

 




 









Free Email Updates
Get the latest content first.

Name: 



Email: 







We respect your privacy.







 

 

 

 


 

 
 
 










Upcoming Events




Millennial Summit



August 1 




18th Annual Tug cruise



August 3 @ 5:30 pm - 8:00 pm 




Retain Our Brains – A seminar for women



August 10 @ 8:30 am - 10:30 am 



View All Events

 



Trending

 Long & Foster staff gives back on Community  Service Day 
 Branded drug suspected in six overdose deaths in Delaware 
 New Castle County tops Kent, Sussex in purchasing power ranking 
 AstraZeneca could get $8.5  billion from cancer drug development deal with Merck 
 Zero energy cottage home model on display at State Fair 
 Business people: July 25, 2017 
 $65 million note for Hercules Plaza sells for nearly $23 million 
 Highmark Walk event in Delaware raises nearly $159,000 
 Bugaboo Creek Steakhouse closes its doors 
 An inside  look at the  JPMorgan Chase  tech hub 





 





Free Email Updates
Get the latest content first.

Name: 



Email: 





We respect your privacy.







 



 










                    © Website design for publishers by Walsh Creative                












 









 





Stock exchange: Why Wilmington? SUBSCRIBE NOWto get full accessGet the newsLog In or Subscribe to skipAlready a subscriber?Log inSubscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe NowAlready a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access.
                            17
                        
                            85
                        Share This Story!Let friends in your social network know what you are reading aboutFacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterestStock exchange: Why Wilmington? The executives of Delaware Board of Trade Holdings Inc. expect within weeks to sign a 15-year lease for a downtown space.Post to FacebookStock exchange: Why Wilmington?  The executives of Delaware Board of Trade Holdings Inc. expect within weeks to sign a 15-year lease for a downtown space.  Check out this story on delawareonline.com: http://delonline.us/1YsNN25
                            {#
                            
                            #}
                        CancelSendSent!A link has been sent to your friend's email address.Posted!A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 
                                9
                            Join the ConversationTo find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQsSubscribe TodayLog InSubscribed, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access.Stock exchange: Why Wilmington? Xerxes Wilson and Karl Baker, The News Journal
            Published 5:10 p.m. ET Dec. 19, 2015 | Updated 9:41 a.m. ET Dec. 21, 2015Delaware Board of Trade officials say they have $7 million of the $8 million needed to be operational in 2016Buy PhotoThe building at 800 Delaware Ave. in Wilmington is shown Thursday. Officials for the Delaware Board of Trade said they are in talks to occupy the space, which sits on the western edge of downtown.(Photo: WILLIAM BRETZGER/THE NEWS JOURNAL)Buy PhotoStory HighlightsDelaware Board of Trade is developing a stock exchange in downtown WilmingtonOfficials say start-ups could incorporate in Delaware and then become listed on the exchangeNew Castle County has approved a bond and $3 million in direct funding
            
                17
            
        CONNECTTWEET
            
                85
            
        LINKEDIN
                
                    9
                
            COMMENTEMAILMOREThe group trying to launch a new stock exchange aimed at small- and mid-capped companies didn’t know what they were getting into by partnering with Delaware.On the one hand, they were surprised by quickly getting a personal meeting with elected officials to discuss plans for the downtown Wilmington venture.But with that came a little more drama and controversy than they wanted.The executives of Delaware Board of Trade Holdings Inc. said they are negotiating a 15-year lease for space at 800 Delaware Ave. and have $7 million of the $8 million needed to be operational in 2016, pending regulatory approval.“It is a tipping point. Once you get funding from different sources, others get more comfortable with the venture,” said Dennis Toner, one of the project’s managers and a former longtime aide to Joe Biden in the U.S. Senate, and as vice president. “Nobody likes to be the first one in.”That doesn’t mean the process hasn’t been rocky, even for a group of high-profile financial executives with extensive résumés.The News Journal this month met with Toner and five other exchange officials for nearly two hours, their first time speaking at length about the plans and the company, which was incorporated in June. The group for months has been holding closed-door meetings with private financiers and some of the highest-ranking officials in local and state government.Their pitch is to create a new kind of all-electronic trading system, with a Delaware twist. The plan calls for two trading venues – one handling transactions of U.S. and foreign securities with a value of at least $20 million, and another for small- and medium-sized businesses.They say the advantage of locating here is that Delaware already is the legal home to about half of U.S. publicly traded companies, which flock to the state to incorporate because of low taxes and the Court of the Chancery that handles disputes involving corporations.Supporters envision branding Wilmington as a place where capital is accessible for businesses not big enough to trade on the New York Stock Exchange, Nasdaq and Standard & Poor's 500 index.Buy Photo (Photo: SUCHAT PEDERSON/THE NEWS JOURNAL)Officials say start-ups could incorporate in Delaware and then become listed on the exchange, creating a one-stop-shop for new businesses in search of funding. Another advantage the state has is that it’s loaded with high-capacity fiber optic lines that can send stock data quickly to the Greater New York area, has plenty of rail connections and is one of the most affordable areas on the East Coast.“If you’re coming here to get capital, to get listed, look how inexpensive our downtown is for being on the Northeast corridor and right on the Amtrak rail line. We have a lot of attributes,” said Tom Ross, a former chairman of the state Republican Party hired to serve as a spokesman for the project.The exchange the first year is projected to hire up to 50 workers paid an average $136,000 annually, and eventually up to 125 making an average of $86,000.Board of Trade CEO John F. Wallace, a former chief executive of the Philadelphia Stock Exchange, said they’re working to bring the same level of transparency of large exchanges without the regulatory hoops that prevent some companies from listing on places like the New York Stock Exchange. Some seek capital by getting listed on smaller stock exchanges that don’t have the same regulations.Under the Board of Trade’s plan, companies will have to submit annual audited financial reports, which investors will be able to view on the exchange website. However, they would be exempt from more complex financial disclosure rules, called Sarbanes-Oxley, enacted in 2002 to provide additional shareholder transparency following the collapse of companies like Enron and WorldCom.DELAWAREONLINEWilmington could provide $2 million for stock exchangeDELAWAREONLINENCCo Council formally opposes money for stock exchangeWallace said the less-burdensome rules give small companies breathing room as they grow. Officials are still determining the minimum amount a company can be worth before being allowed on the exchange.“We’re the farm league bringing companies up,” Wallace said. “For us, the success story is when we march a small company that started up on our venture and take them up and have them do a bell ringing up on the New York Stock Exchange or the Nasdaq.”Wallace said they initially will build the business on trading existing U.S. and foreign companies, then focus on attracting startups, with the goal of that segment being the biggest within five years.Fees companies are charged to list on the exchange will be the largest revenue stream after its first year, according to a planning document submitted to New Castle County this summer. Transactions for trades will also be a major part of the organization's revenue stream in its initial year, according to the document.However, generating money through trade fees may be difficult, said Michael Wong, an equity analyst with Morningstar, a financial services firm. He said shares of small- and medium-sized companies “lack liquidity,” meaning their shares trade much less often than those of larger companies because there isn't as many willing buyers and sellers."If you are specializing in liquid markets, the aim would not be to make your profits or revenue off of trading activity," Wong said.To be successful trading smaller companies, an exchange must form partnerships with larger brokerages that will sell a sufficient number of small- and medium-cap business shares in order for trading to move smoothly, Wong said.Buy Photo (Photo: SUCHAT PEDERSON/THE NEWS JOURNAL)Wallace said those partnerships can be struck if the Delaware Board of Trade “cleans up” the current over-the-counter trading market."Customers want to see what you get. They want it to operate like the New York Stock Exchange. There is a lot of unease. I've talked to large firms where they discourage people trading in the over-the-counter market. They say if we can build this and there is transparency, they will be there," Wallace said.The heavier regulation found with traditional exchanges leads to higher costs for companies, but buyers and sellers in those venues also can be confident that the price they get is the same one everyone else is paying at a given time.  That is the price of transparency Wallace wants to bring to his exchange.Wallace said buyers of shares on the over-the-counter market too often don’t see what price others are paying because dealers don't have to immediately to post bids. His exchange will function more like a traditional exchange where the lowest offer price is matched with the highest bidding price.Paul Gulberg is an analyst with Portales Partners in Manhattan and said the Wilmington model is the first of its kind. It is largely untested, he said, but that doesn’t mean it won’t be successful.He said there is a need for an exchange that offers a central place for small companies to list and trade shares openly for everyone to see – like a small scale NASDAQ. But the challenge will be for the Board of Trade to make enough money from those trades.Most investors, Gulberg said, won’t want to spend the time studying each small company and therefore will avoid the shares altogether. There will be some who simply want to bet on various venture firms – like placing chips on red or black at a roulette wheel – but that may not be enough trading volume for the Board of Trade to make money.Manhattan-based OTC Markets will be one of the proposed exchange's primary competitors. The company lists 10,000 securities that include large foreign firms like Heineken and Adidas. The company also lists small companies with little disclosure and oversight.OTC Market CEO Cromwell Coulson said trading is not a “country club sport.” Small companies fail and buyers and sellers are not friends. That’s the ‘American way,” he said.“If you look at what successful venture markets are, the good companies are great, but a venture market is a place where a lot of companies are going to fail and that is fine,” he said.But Wallace said the Delaware exchange will be a cleaner version with higher standards for who can list.OTC Markets doesn't decide which companies are good and bad, Coulson said. Rather, they identify a company’s quality by the amount of financial information it posts for investors.Last year, Cromwell’s company, which is publicly traded, took in $50 million in revenue. That’s where the Delaware Board of Trade wants to be in five years.“The more successful we become, the more people would like to compete with us,” Cromwell said. “Building a venture market, building an international market, building a market for securities that need liquidity is not easy.”Buy Photo (Photo: KYLE GRANTHAM/THE NEWS JOURNAL)Seeing an opportunityWallace said the genesis of the Delaware plan was the federal Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act. Part of the legislation, which President Barack Obama signed in 2012, allows small companies to sell as much as $50 million in shares in a year, without having the same regulatory and reporting rules as going public. The law was intended to provide a new pipeline for capital and kicked in this year.Wallace said they saw an opportunity in the new rules, and the executive team eventually grew to include Richard Niehoff, who led the Cincinnati Stock Exchange’s transition to a fully electronic trading platform in the 1980s, as president and CEO.  The organizers in May discussed developing the exchange in Austin, Texas, home to numerous start-ups and a sizable venture capital environment, but were persuaded that Delaware was the better option.Director of Operations Dennis Boylan said they held meetings with Gov. Jack Markell, all of the congressional delegation and New Castle County and city officials. Boylan was a manager for the Philadelphia Stock Exchange, which was acquired by Nasdaq Stock Market in 2007, and said he immediately noticed a difference in dealing with Delaware officials.“When we came down here, we met the governor, the two senators, the congressman, the city officials, everybody very quickly,” he said. “In Philadelphia, it’s not (like that).”They’ve received support from New Castle County Executive Tom Gordon and Wilmington Mayor Dennis P. Williams, who has said the exchange could provide important jobs and spark economic activity downtown.Part of the pitch to government officials was the involvement of Richard Grasso and Joseph Grano – two marquee names in the world of finance who lent additional credibility to the project. But controversy over the public funding of the project caused the two to pull their names from the venture last week.The city is also exploring a funding plan for the stock exchange involving the city-run Wilmington Urban Development Action Grant Corp., which would provide an $800,000 loan to a business incubator called the Emerging Enterprise Center, run out of the New Castle County Chamber of Commerce. The center would combine the loan with $600,000 raised from the federal New Market Tax Credit program, designed to increase business investment in low-income communities.Another $600,000 would come from Discover Bank, which may be able to donation to meet its obligation under the federal Community Reinvestment Act to help economically struggling areas.Matthew Parks, director of Discover Financial Services, said it all depends on whether the exchange is on stable footing.“We’ve been asked to provide them with some technical assistance grant money and some grant money for them to make an investment,” he said. “It’s potential. It’s all predicated on a lot of pieces coming together.”Together, the city and county packages make public financing the largest source of funding for the project. No state incentives are being provided.Bob Older, CEO of the Delaware Small Business Chamber, questions whether too much public money is in play. He said the success of the Board of Trade will depend on whether the exchange fees are affordable enough for small businesses to join and if they see an opportunity for generating money outside of banks."Without knowing all these rules and exactly what they are going to do, it is really hard to say whether it is going to be good or bad,” he said. 
Older said government “is giving money to this thing without knowing the rules and regulations.”"If they city wants to contribute to business, there are plenty of organizations to help,” he said.Ross defends the use of public money, saying it was critical to give the exchange stability before private funding kicks in. At this point, the project is built on having that initial cash flow, he said.“Once you pull the foundation of the capital stack, everything goes wobbly,” Ross said. “Our investors are still confident. We are moving forward.”Despite the controversy, Gordon said he stands by the public investment because of the project’s potential to create jobs.Ribbon-cutting expected this month, officials sayThe funding arrangement is being closely watched as the project enters the final fundraising phase and awaits approval from the Securities and Exchange Commission and Financial Industry Regulatory Authority.Officials would not discuss how many companies have expressed interest about being listed or an exact date of when the exchange will be fully operational. They said advanced negotiations are underway to lease space at 800 Delaware Ave., hoping to have a ribbon-cutting before the end of the month. The building, on the western edge of downtown, would house various technical positions to maintain the network, as well as the website that will profile companies and provide financial details.Employees also will handle marketing to brand Wilmington, the officials said. Part of the proposal includes having live updates from the exchange, similar to those seen from Wall Street.Boylan said a key piece will be reaching out to companies to be listed."There is a large component of employees that will be responsible for going out and making the pitch to get companies,” he said. “That is part of our business model to go out and bring them in. We have to vet them.”They also plan to work with the Delaware Small Business Development Center in Newark, which provides training and resources to established firms and startups, to identify who could be listed.The venture has support from Mike Bowman, the Development Center's director. He said Delaware has many positive business attributes, but lacks a large pool of investment capital for small companies. Venture capital outfits in other states draw businesses away, he said.If the stock exchange successfully arises in the backyard of Delaware’s small companies, they should be able to more easily find the money to grow, said Bowman, who previously was the chairman and CEO of the Delaware Technology Park in Newark.“It would be nice if Delaware were the first mover on that like they’ve been the first mover on many other things financially,” he said.  “So we’re kind of exciting to see if in fact this can play out or not.”Buy Photo (Photo: KYLE GRANTHAM/THE NEWS JOURNAL)John Kirk, a Delaware native who founded tech firm Cnverg, said there is a need for such capital locally.Kirk said most of the funding for his company, which makes conferencing technology, comes from wealthy individuals who see enough promise in the business to help fund it. Finding money at a bank or venture capital outfit is difficult, he said, because his company is building a product that targets businesses as customers, and not the general population.Kirk, who is not affiliated with the new exchange, said he decided to relocate to Austin, Texas, next year partially because of the availability of capital in the area."I still believe in fostering Wilmington's tech ecosystem, but it is not making business sense,” Kirk said. “We did everything we can to make it happen in Wilmington, but it was an uphill battle."If the Delaware exchange finds success, Wilmington can establish itself to the rest of the country. Wallace said the state offers both proximity to Wall Street computer servers while being removed from the culture. For many companies, New York bankers share too much of a resemblance with investors on the reality show “Shark Tank,” he said.“We know out on the West Coast they do not like the New York financial markets,” Wallace said.  “We think we can sell Wilmington.”The board is betting both their time and public dollars on the project’s success.“It’s not just like check the box and open,” Ross said. “We’re talking about a long-term commitment to Delaware and a long-term commitment to downtown Wilmington.”Contact Xerxes Wilson at (302) 324-2787 or xwilson@delawareonline.com. Follow @Ber_Xerxes on Twitter. Contact Karl Baker at kbaker@delawareonline.com or (302) 324-2329. Follow him on Twitter @kbaker6. DELAWAREONLINETax reserves eyed to back-fill exchange fundingDELAWAREONLINE$15M bond for Wilmington stock exchange OK�d 
            
                17
            
        CONNECTTWEET
            
                85
            
        LINKEDIN
                
                    9
                
            COMMENTEMAILMORERead or Share this story: http://delonline.us/1YsNN25
TOP VIDEOS
You only live once, do it financially right2:00Now you can eat like your favorite celebrity0:56How to turn an unexpected windfall into so much more1:25Learn this now and retire a millionaire1:39How these parents put 6 kids through college debt-free3:01How to maximize your rainy day fund1:36Picking up the financial pieces after a divorce3:163 ways to save money and fight vampires2:14You can't buy this $450,000 Ford0:59Two must-have apps that make investing easy1:47
$15M bond for Wilmington stock exchange OK’dSUBSCRIBE NOWto get full accessGet the newsLog In or Subscribe to skipAlready a subscriber?Log inSubscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe NowAlready a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access.
                            42
                        
                            30
                        Share This Story!Let friends in your social network know what you are reading aboutFacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest$15M bond for Wilmington stock exchange OK’dDelaware Board of Trade Holdings Inc. wants to create a stock exchange headquartered in Wilmington.Post to Facebook$15M bond for Wilmington stock exchange OK’d Delaware Board of Trade Holdings Inc. wants to create a stock exchange headquartered in Wilmington.  Check out this story on delawareonline.com: http://delonline.us/1SdTinB
                            {#
                            
                            #}
                        CancelSendSent!A link has been sent to your friend's email address.Posted!A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 
                                2
                            Join the ConversationTo find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQsSubscribe TodayLog InSubscribed, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access.$15M bond for Wilmington stock exchange OK’dXerxes Wilson, The News Journal
            Published 7:31 p.m. ET July 28, 2015 | Updated 3:27 a.m. ET July 29, 2015Buy PhotoNick Niehoff, president and CEO of Delaware Board of Trade Holdings Inc., addresses the New Castle County Council on July 28. A city official on Wednesday discussed additional details in funding for the venture, which is proposed in downtown Wilmingotn.(Photo: SUCHAT PEDERSON/THE NEWS JOURNAL)Buy Photo
            
                42
            
        CONNECTTWEET
            
                30
            
        LINKEDIN
                
                    2
                
            COMMENTEMAILMOREThe head of a startup company preparing to create a stock exchange headquartered in Wilmington said the project will be the first of its kind in the United States and will capitalize on an emerging corner of the financial market. The New Castle County Council on Tuesday approved backing a $15 million revenue bond for the venture.“Currently in the environment, there is no competitor to what we are proposing to do,” Nick Niehoff, president and chief executive of Delaware Board of Trade Holdings Inc., told the county Finance Committee Tuesday. “These issues are below the threshold of listing on the New York Stock Exchange or Nasdaq. There is an enormous gap of issuers in the United States – small businesses – that this entity will service.”The company plans to run a trading system for small- and medium-sized businesses and another for established U.S. and foreign securities, with all transactions done electronically.A planning document submitted to the county said officials are in final negotiations for a lease on a space in Wilmington. The goal is “modernizing” the over-the-counter marketplace where buyers and sellers deal directly, the document said.Between 25 and 50 positions with an average salary of $136,000 are expected to be filled the first year. The workforce is projected to eventually grow to 100-125 workers averaging $86,000 in annual salaries. Officials have said they hope to have the exchange running by late November.The county will get a half-percent of the principal amount of the bonds as a financing fee, or $75,000. The bond will be used to pay for technology and other financial requirements.Company attorney Richard Nolan said all responsibility for repaying the revenue bond will be with the exchange, and taxpayers are not at risk. They project operating at a loss for the first year, then building revenue to $50 million annually by year five, the planning document said.The funding measure passed the council 11-0, with Councilman Robert Weiner not voting and Councilwoman Janet Kilpatrick absent.Kelly Bachman, a spokeswoman for Gov. Jack Markell, said the company has not applied for state economic development aid.Leadership in the company includes John F. Wallace, head of the Philadelphia Stock Exchange from 1984 to 2008, as chairman; Dennis J. Toner, a longtime aide to Vice President Joe Biden, as a senior manager; and Dick Grasso, chairman of the New York Stock Exchange from 1995 to 2003, as an advisory board member. Niehoff is a former Nasdaq executive and CEO of the Cincinnati Stock Exchange.The planning document said they were drawn to Delaware because it is the legal home to numerous companies. Sixty-four percent of Fortune 500 companies are headquartered in the state, attracted by low taxes; flexible business laws; and the Court of the Chancery, which deals specifically with business issues.The company was incorporated last month, at about the same time a key provision of the federal Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act, signed by President Barack Obama in April 2012, kicked in. The act was created to open up capital for smaller businesses and startups.Under the provision, small companies can now sell up to $50 million in shares in a 12-month period without the full reporting requirements of going public. Previous rules capped such offerings at $5 million.S.P. Kothari, a professor of accounting and finance at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, said the recent changes also means businesses can more widely advertise for potential investors, opening new pools of money. This is a new area, he said, but the Wilmington exchange will need a competitive edge to make Delaware to go-to place for such trading.“In this day and age, it is all online anyways. The fact that it is in Wilmington, Delaware, doesn’t matter. All of these things, someone sitting in Wyoming can just as easily access,” Kothari said.Buy Photo (Photo: SUCHAT PEDERSON/THE NEWS JOURNAL)The exchange also wants to cater to international companies and will enable foreign issuers to list on the U.S. marketplace without being subject to Dodd-Frank Wall Street reforms and Securities Exchange Commission regulation, according to the planning document.Eighty-five similar alternative trading systems operate in the United States, according to the Securities and Exchange Commission. Most are in New York. One kind of trading system, called “dark pools,” has come under scrutiny for releasing information about buyers and sellers only after transactions have completed.Charles Elson, director of the John L. Weinberg Center for Corporate Governance at the University of Delaware, said there is nothing special about Delaware law that makes the state desirable for this kind of exchange. Rather, he said, officials are capitalizing on the state’s status in the global business community as a place to incorporate, a reason county officials should be careful to make sure there is proper oversight.“Because the Delaware brand is so critical to the state, you have to ensure yourself that such an exchange and the companies there have rules that protect those that invest. I think that has got to be critical,” Elson said.County Executive Tom Gordon said exchange officials wanted a government endorsement through the bond to help attract foreign investors.The exchange continues a positive trend in the state’s financial sector, which shrank following the global financial crises. The sector, made up of companies like Barclays, Wells Fargo and Bank of America, added about 2,000 jobs between April 2014 and 2015.Wilmington Mayor Dennis P. Williams said bringing in new jobs will spill over to other businesses.“You get these people working downtown, the spinoff for restaurants, it is going to be a boom-boom for everyone,” he said.$15 million sought for planned Wilmington stock exchangeCounty Councilman John Cartier said the bond was vital to making sure the exchange would happen and to fend off competition from other areas seeking to land a job creator.“We have to face the fact in the post-great recession era we are surrounded by other states and jurisdictions that are doing creative things with public finance to encourage economic growth from the great recession,” he said. “I am mindful that we need to help the city of Wilmington or the county itself by using these creative financial tools to stimulate economic development.”County Councilman Penrose Hollins said the funding arrangement received such support because “we have come to the acceptance there is no liability.”“The Delaware Board of Trade is comprised of the world’s leaders in stock exchange operations,” he said. “Entrepreneurs and small business will for the first time here in Delaware have access to the capital markets to raise money to fund new ideas and new projects.”Contact Xerxes Wilson at (302) 324-2787 or xwilson@delawareonline.com. Follow @Ber_Xerxes on Twitter
            
                42
            
        CONNECTTWEET
            
                30
            
        LINKEDIN
                
                    2
                
            COMMENTEMAILMORERead or Share this story: http://delonline.us/1SdTinB
TOP VIDEOS
Police continue to search Brandywine for missing swimmer0:39Police search for person in Brandywine Creek0:33Raw Video: Body of fallen soldier travels from Dover to Freehold, N.J.0:21Raw Video: Car stuck in high water near New Castle0:33Storm drops seven inches of rain in parts of northern Delaware0:36Day care bus crash sends kids to the hospital as a precaution0:30Reaction to the passing of News Journal reporter Molly Murray1:02Police trying to find person attempting to open cars0:20Video: Tour $12.8M Okoboji mansion5:13Motorcyclist struck by several vehicles, killed in I-95 crash0:25Joe BidenShop Amazon Prime Day, donate to Beau Biden Foundation
                        Scott Goss
                    Wilmington's 4YP: Helping youth understand the possibilities
                        Dr. Carrie W. Gray
                    City pool named for Former VP Joe BidenWilmington names pool after Joe Biden, former lifeguard
                        Christina Jedra
                    Pool in Wilmington renamed after Joe Biden
                        Damian Giletto/The News Journal
                    Firefly Questions: Who would win in a bar fight, Trump or Biden?Leaders in Wilmington stock exchange proposal Delaware Board of Trade Holdings Inc. wants to create a stock exchange headquartered in Wilmington. The plan is being led by John F. Wallace, a former CEO of the Philadelphia Stock Exchange, and other high-profile figures. Sponsored byDelaware Board of Trade Dick GrassoTitle: Advisory board memberChairman of the New York Stock Exchange from 1995 to 2003. He was the first CEO to come from inside the exchange starting his career as a floor clerk in 1968. His departure from the exchange was marred by court inquiry into his $187.5 million compensation package. In 2008, a New York appeals court dismissed the claims against him.Delaware Board of Trade Joseph Grano, Jr.Title: Advisory board memberCEO and Chairman of Centurion Holdings, LLC in New York. He was previously the Chairman and CEO of UBS Financial Services overseeing the company's merger with PainWebber in 2000.Delaware Board of Trade John F. WallaceTitle: ChairmanServed on the Philadelphia Stock Exchange Board of Governors from 1984 until 2008 ascending to CEO until the exchange was acquired by NASDAQ in 2008. He currently serves as President of Philadelphia Financial Services LLC.Delaware Board of Trade K. Richard NiehoffTitle: President and CEOFounded the Nasdaq Trading and Markets Division. He also served as an officer of the Cincinnati Stock Exchange rising to CEO before his departure in 1990. He is credited with pioneering the exchange's computer-based trading system, one of the first of its time.http://www.cincinnatistockexchange.us/about/Delaware Board of Trade Dennis J. TonerTitle: Senior managerServed as an aide to Joe Biden as a U.S. senator from Delaware and as vice president. Toner, of Rehoboth Beach, is a University of Delaware graduate and was also on the board of the U.S. Postal Service from 2010 to 2012.Delaware Board of Trade Pike PowersTitle: Senior manager Head of Austin, Texas, office of the Fulbright & Jaworski LLP law firm for 28 years. He also led the Texas Technology Initiative and is credited for attracting major computing technology companies to Texas helping spur Ausitn's techonology boom.
