• Project Management • companies • Delaware • USA •               Project Management - companies - Delaware - USA LoginRegisterLogin with Facebook www.tuugo.us    Companies  Products      Hotels, New York    Search in: Delaware          CompaniesProducts +Publish for free Promote your Ad   Home   Delaware 














Alabama
(15)


Alaska
(3)


Arizona
(17)


Arkansas
(5)


California
(202)


Colorado
(29)


Connecticut
(20)


Delaware
(4)


Florida
(66)


Georgia
(38)


Hawaii
(1)


Idaho
(3)


Illinois
(40)


Indiana
(13)


Iowa
(8)


Kansas
(6)


Kentucky
(13)


Louisiana
(7)


Maine
(7)


Maryland
(26)


Massachusetts
(38)


Michigan
(23)


Minnesota
(29)


Mississippi
(1)


Missouri
(12)


Montana
(4)


Nebraska
(8)


Nevada
(8)


New Hampshire
(8)


New Jersey
(40)


New Mexico
(3)


New York
(57)


North Carolina
(20)


Ohio
(42)


Oklahoma
(8)


Oregon
(21)


Pennsylvania
(34)


Rhode Island
(4)


South Carolina
(9)


South Dakota
(1)


Tennessee
(18)


Texas
(88)


Utah
(6)


Vermont
(1)


Virginia
(33)


Washington
(54)


West Virginia
(2)


Wisconsin
(16)


Wyoming
(2)




| Search: Project Management     Sort byBest RatedMost recentDistance Filtered By Delawarex Project Managementx  By City  Wilmington  Related services  Business Process Communications Plan Contracting Division Corporate Communications Event Planning Events Gates Graphic Design Handling Equipment Human Resources International Communications Consultancy Professional Services Software Solutions willmington Wilmington  







 







   G     Not evaluated yet  Add to My list Added    Inaccurate result?   Groveware Technologies     1201 orange street - suite 600 | 19801 Wilmington     See phone loading...  (800) 430 6053               Groveware Technologies, willmington, Delaware, Professional Services, Project Management, Software Solutions, Business Process, Business Process Management      F     Not evaluated yet  Add to My list Added    Inaccurate result?   Factor Management Consulting     Suite 78 501 Silverside Road | 19809 Wilmington     See phone loading...  1 (800) 892 0049               Factor Management Consulting, Wilmington, Marketing, Management Consulting, Internet Marketing, Project Management, Human Resources      B     Not evaluated yet  Add to My list Added    Inaccurate result?   Bruce Industrial     4049 new castle ave p o box 10485 | 19850 Wilmington     See phone loading...  1 866 866 4331      See fax loading... 302 656 4327           Cabinets, Contracting Division, Contractor And Supplier, Equipment Supplies, Furniture, Gates, Handling Equipment, Hoisting Equipment           Not evaluated yet  Add to My list Added    Inaccurate result?   150 West     35 route de Deauville | 14100     See phone loading...  1 512 782 4582               Communications Plan, Corporate Communications, Evaluations, Event Planning, Events, Graphic Design, International Communications Consultancy, Project Management  







     Companies  Products      Hotels, New York    Search in: Delaware      About TuugoToSPrivacy PolicyFAQMobileTranslate TuugoSite MapBlogTuugo Language:  AfrikaansBahasa IndonesiaBahasa MelayuDanskDeutschEnglishEspañolFrançaisItalianoMagyarNederlandsPolskiPortuguêsRomânăSvenskaTiếng ViệtČeštinaΕλληνικάРусскийУкраїнськаภาษาไทย中文 (简写)日本語한국말 0.0446169376373294 Copyright 2009 - 2017 Tuugo 


     

Delaware Funds













































Financial advisors


Individual investors


Institutional investors










						About Macquarie
						


About Macquarie


Investor relations


Careers


Related sites


Contact


Site map




						International sites
						


Select a country:

Australia
Indonesia
South Africa
Austria
Ireland
Sweden
Brazil
Japan
Switzerland
Canada
Korea
Taiwan
China
Malaysia
Thailand
France
Netherlands
United Arab Emirates
Germany
New Zealand
United Kingdom
Hong Kong
Philippines
United States
India
Singapore






Account access login
 






×
Contact information








Phone: 

Internal: 
Phone:








×
Log in to your account









Email (username)





Password




                                Keep me logged in on this computer
                            




Log in 





Not registered?
Forgot password?



You can also log in to Delaware Investments financial advisors website using your LinkedIn account.
Or



Log in with LinkedIn 


When logging in with LinkedIn, you will briefly leave the Delaware Investments website. Delaware Investments is not responsible for the login page you are about to visit. Your browser will automatically return you to our site.






















Financial advisors
Individual investors
Institutional investors
DCIO
Non-U.S. investors
Closed-end investors



The Great Risk Rebalance: Inflation
With mixed signals on reflation of the global economy, our fixed income team explores the risks surrounding inflation in the Great Risk Rebalance series.
Learn more now




Slow and steady: Navigating the later stages of the credit cycle

Despite lack of robust economic growth, signs of life continue in the current credit cycle. But Paul Grillo, who manages the Total Return Strategies, suggests that we proceed with caution.
Read now










The Great Risk Rebalance
Assessing the fixed income landscape...


Facing down the
debt supercycle...

Learn more now














Select a Fund
Delaware Asia Select Fund
Delaware Corporate Bond Fund
Delaware Diversified Income Fund
Delaware Emerging Markets Debt Fund
Delaware Emerging Markets Fund
Delaware Extended Duration Bond Fund
Delaware Floating Rate Fund
Delaware Foundation® Conservative Allocation Fund
Delaware Foundation® Growth Allocation Fund
Delaware Foundation® Moderate Allocation Fund
Delaware Global Real Estate Opportunities Fund
Delaware Global Value Fund
Delaware Healthcare Fund
Delaware High-Yield Opportunities Fund
Delaware International Small Cap Fund
Delaware International Value Equity Fund
Delaware Investments Ultrashort Fund
Delaware Limited-Term Diversified Income Fund
Delaware Mid Cap Value Fund
Delaware Minnesota High-Yield Municipal Bond Fund
Delaware National High-Yield Municipal Bond Fund
Delaware REIT Fund
Delaware Select Growth Fund
Delaware Small Cap Core Fund
Delaware Small Cap Growth Fund
Delaware Small Cap Value Fund
Delaware Smid Cap Growth Fund
Delaware Strategic Income Fund
Delaware Tax-Free Arizona Fund
Delaware Tax-Free California Fund
Delaware Tax-Free Colorado Fund
Delaware Tax-Free Idaho Fund
Delaware Tax-Free Minnesota Fund
Delaware Tax-Free Minnesota Intermediate Fund
Delaware Tax-Free New York Fund
Delaware Tax-Free Pennsylvania Fund
Delaware Tax-Free USA Fund
Delaware Tax-Free USA Intermediate Fund
Delaware U.S. Growth Fund
Delaware Value® Fund
Delaware Wealth Builder Fund




Capital gains estimates 
















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













Delaware Management Co. Inc in Philadelphia, PA 19103 - ChamberofCommerce.com




   =     


        









Sign Up
Sign In
Contact Us


 














Search
 

near
 













Home
» Pennsylvania
» Philadelphia
» Specialized Insurance
» Delaware Management Co. Inc













Delaware Management Co. Inc


0 Reviews

0.0000 stars - based on 0 reviews
                            





1 Commerce Sq  Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19103


(215) 255-8520


 



 

Print |
                Save |
                Directions


About
Delaware Management Co. Inc is located at the address 1 Commerce Sq in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19103.  They can be contacted via phone at (215) 255-8520 for pricing, hours and directions.  Delaware Management Co. Inc has an annual sales volume of 1M – 1,999,999.  .For more information contact George  Chamberlain, DirectorFor maps and directions to Delaware Management Co. Inc view the map to the right.  For reviews of Delaware Management Co. Inc see below.










Information

CONTACT INFORMATION
Phone: (215) 255-8520
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
Employee Size: 1 To 4
Exact Employee Count: 3
Exact Sales Volume: 190000
Location Type: Single Location
Sales Volume: 1M – 1,999,999
CATEGORIES:


Specialized Insurance
Portfolio Management & Investment Services
Trust, Fiduciary & Custody Activities
Royalty Services
Open-End Investment Funds
Finance
Insurance
Professional Services
Investments & Securities
Specialized Insurance & Warranties
Legal Services
Investment Funds, Trusts & Estates



People Also Viewed


LEADING BENEFITS


400 Market St  Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19106




Caitlin Inc


1650 Market St 1800 Ste Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19103




Prudential Financial


2813 Robbins Ave  Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19149




Insurance Services Plus Inc


5117 Rochelle Ave Fl 1 Fl 1 Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19128




Ace USA


436 Walnut St  Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19106




Sosnader Glen Insurance Agent


6135 Woodland Ave  Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19142





Reviews

Add


You must Sign in to post reviews.





by  on 






Click here to be the first to review this business...



0 Reviews
 


Key Contacts




George  Chamberlain
DIRECTOR

 



James  Schellenger
DIRECTOR

 



John  Durham
DIRECTOR

 



Joseph  Lutes
DIRECTOR

 



View More
 























 






Site Map
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
About
Partners
Chamber Partner Program
Chamber Member Benefits




Top Cities:
Atlanta
Bronx
Brooklyn
Chicago
Cleveland
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Miami
Minneapolis
New York
Philadelphia
Phoenix
Saint Louis
San Antonio
San Diego
San Jose


© 2017 CHAMBEROFCOMMERCE.COM













Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











DELAWARE MANAGEMENT HOLDINGS CO INC. - PHILADELPHIA, PA - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



PA



PHILADELPHIA



Investment Advice



Investment Advice



                            DELAWARE MANAGEMENT HOLDINGS CO INC.
                                    



 





















D 


DELAWARE MANAGEMENT HOLDINGS CO INC.
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



1 COMMERCE SQ PHILADELPHIA, PA 19103
Get Directions



(215) 255-2127





Business Info



 Founded --
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $110,000.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries Investment Advice
 Contacts 






Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message










VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







D

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com







Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
















DELAWARE MANAGEMENT COMPANY, INC. Credit report, products, contacts













 Florida






Search









    DELAWARE MANAGEMENT COMPANY, INC.











Company number 820217
        

Status Inactive
        

FEI number 231597092
        

Company Type Foreign for Profit
        

Home State DE
        

Last activity date 8/12/1988
        

Date Of Incorporation 2/8/1967
        

Principal Address
            ONE COMMERCE SQUARE, 2005 MARKET STREET, PHILADELPHIA, PA, 19103
            


Mailing Address ONE COMMERCE SQUARE, 2005 MARKET STREET, PHILADELPHIA, PA, 19103
        
DELAWARE MANAGEMENT COMPANY, INC. Principals

Director
                Schellenger James P
                 


Address
                2275 TWINBROOK RD, BERWYN, PA
                 



Treasurer
                Lutes Joseph W
                 


Address
                210 FORREST DR, HOLLAND, PA
                 



Vice President, Director
                Brady William P
                 


Address
                1529 WYNDHAM LANE, WEST CHESTER, PA
                 







Last Annual Reports

1988 3/22/1988
            

1988 3/22/1988
            

1987 3/10/1987
            
Registered Agent

Agent Name  (p)
        

Agent Address
                FL
                

DELAWARE MANAGEMENT COMPANY, INC. Events

1 AMENDMENT
            

filedDate 6/11/1986
            


2 WITHDRAWAL
            

filedDate 8/12/1988
            

Description
DELAWARE MANAGEMENT COMPANY, INC. has been set up 2/8/1967 in state DE.  
The current status of the business is Inactive. The DELAWARE MANAGEMENT COMPANY, INC. principal adress is ONE COMMERCE SQUARE, 2005 MARKET STREET, PHILADELPHIA, PA, 19103. 
Meanwhile you can send your letters to ONE COMMERCE SQUARE, 2005 MARKET STREET, PHILADELPHIA, PA, 19103. 
The company`s registered agent is  FL.  
The company`s management are Director - Schellenger James P, Treasurer - Lutes Joseph W, Vice President, Director - Brady William P. The last significant event in the company history is WITHDRAWAL which is dated by 8/12/1988. This decision is take in action on unknown.  The company annual reports filed on Annual reports – 3/22/1988.






Comprehensive Report about this company
        





(view sample)








Similar Companies
DELAWARE MANAGEMENT GROUP LLC
DELAWARE MELLOY COMPANY
DELAWARE META GROUP, INC.
(DELAWARE) MITCHELL INTERNATIONAL, INC.
DELAWARE MOBILEMD, INC.
DELAWARE MORTGAGE COMPANY














Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














	Delaware State University Jobs, Employment in Dover, DE | LiveCareer






























  Menu  Close 
  LiveCareer  



 For Employers
 Contact Us
 Live Chat
 Log In
 Log In



Resume Builder 
 Resumes




Resume Examples
Resume Templates
Resume Samples
Resume Tips
Resume Services





JOB INDUSTRIES



Accounting & Finance
Admin
Business
Customer Service
Education




Engineering
Finance
Human Resources
IT
Law




Management
Media & Entertainment
Medical
Sales
Science




Retail
Marketing
Construction
Real Estate
Automotive




Production
Social Services
Transportation




 View All Job Industries  





JOB INDUSTRIES



Accounting & Finance
Business Templates
Classic Template
Computers Technology
Contemporary




Culinary Templates
Engineering Templates
Entry Level
Experienced
Management




Media Entertainment
Space Saver
Standard Template
Traditional
Traditional Template




IT
Customer Service
Sales
Education
Marketing




Retail
Medical
Finance
Microsoft Word
HR




 View All Job Industries  





JOB INDUSTRIES



Accountant
Analyst
Architect
Art
Bartender




Bookkeeper
Chef
Computer Science
Consultant
Engineering




Entry Level
Executive
Housekeeper
IT (Information Technology)
Manager




Military
Nursing
Receptionist
Resume Objectives
Retail




Sales
Server
Teacher
Technical
Resume Samples Guide




 View All Job Industries  





Featured Resume Tips





How to Include Keywords In Your Resume
Without strategically placing keywords in your resume, employers won't be able to find you.







Your Top 6 Resume Questions
See our customer's questions about how to write an effective, job-winning resume


Read More Resume Tips  

Resume Tips

How to Write Your First Resume
Best Resume Formats
Including References on Resume
Do's and Don'ts for Your Education Section
How to Write Your Resume Work Experience Section

View Other Resume Tips  



More Tips



  

Professional Resume Writing
Let us write it for you! Put the power of a professional resume writer on your side and get the job faster.



  

Resume Check
Make sure your resume is 100% error free! Instant feedback + make your resume recruiter ready.





  

Have a Pro Review Your Resume
Get an expert 2nd opinion with Resume Review. Professional advice will help you make your resume perfect so get you hired faster.



  

Professional Cover Letter Writing
Make the ultimate first impression with employers. Stand out from the crowd with a professionally written cover letter to match your resume.





 View Other Resume Services  







 Cover Letters




Cover Letter Builder
Cover Letter Examples
Letter Samples





COVER LETTER BUILER

  

Get your foot in the door with a stand-out cover letter
Your cover letter is your first change to impress potential employers. Cover Letter Builder gives you the tools to get noticed!
Create a Cover Letter  



COVER LETTER TIPS

  

Your Top 6 Resume Questions
See our customer's questions about how to write an effective, job-winning resume
Read Tips  





Cover Letter Job Industries



Education
Accounting & Finance
Customer Service
Management
Administrative




Marketing
Sales
Business
Medical
Healthcare




Media & Entertainment
IT (Information & Technology)




 See All Categories  





Letter Sample Categories



Cover Letters
Resignation Letters
Application Letters
Permission Letters
Termination Letters




Leave Letters
Appreciation Letters
Recommendation Letters
Thank You Letters
Appointment Letters




Reference Letters
Apology Letters




 See All Categories  







 Interviews




Interview Game Plan
Interview Videos
Interview Tips
Interview Questions





Interview Game Plan

  

Plan for Interview Success
Our proven solution is backed by a decade of research and has helped thousands get a job!
Learn more  



Free Video

  

3 Techniques To Answer Any Interview Question
Watch how you can answer any interview question and win the job!
Watch free video now 







Interview Videos

  

What's your greatest strength?
Interviewers will ask similar questions and gauge your response



  

How do you stay organized?
Hiring Managers want to learn how you get things done


View All Interview Videos  



Interview Categories

Common Questions
Good & Bad Answers
Good Answers Only
Bad Answers Only



Industries

Admin Support
Healthcare
Restaurant
Retail



View More Interview Preparations 







Job Interview Tips

  

Your First Ever Job Interview
10 tips that will help you have a successful first ever job interview.



  

What is your Biggest Failure?
Read how to properly interpret and answer this seemingly tricky question.





 View All Interview Tips  








Featured Interview Questions:

  

Why Are You The Best Candidate For This Position?
You want to make sure that you provide a clear and intelligible answer.



  

What Are Your Career Goals?
Make sure your goals line up with what you would be doing in their company.





 See All Interview Questions  







 Jobs




Search Jobs
Job Tips







Job Search Top Cities



Austin
Chicago
Dallas
Houston
Jacksonville
Los Angeles




New York
Philadelphia
Phoenix
San Antonio
San Diego
San Jose





Job Search Top Industries



Accounting And Finance
Administrative Support
Business
Computers And Technology
Construction
Customer Service




Education And Training
Engineering
Food And Beverage
Healthcare
Human Resources
Sales





Job Search Top Companies



Amazon
Coca Cola Company
Costco
Fedex
Frito Lay
Google




Postmates
Procter and Gamble
Starbucks
Uber
Walgreens
Walmart






 View All Jobs  





Job Tips



  

Career Tips
You only get out of your career what you put into it.



  

Civic and Volunteer Activities Can Help You Get a Job
It makes you more well-rounded and enhances your appearance through your resume





  

Soft Skills in Demand
You may have skills that are high in demand and not even know it.





 Read All Job Tips  







 Companies




Companies









Amazon
Apple
Chevron Corp
Citibank
Coca Cola




Comcast
Costco
Deloitte
Fedex
General Electric




Google
Hewlett Packard
Hot Topic
Ikea
Kaiser Permanente




Sears
Mcafee
Nike
Nordstrom Rack
Planned Parenthood




Macy's
Starbucks
Uber
Walgreens
Walmart




 View All Companies  







 Resources




Resume Directory
Quintessential
Job Descriptions





Top Industries



Architecture
Community and Public Service
Education and Training
Government
Green Jobs
Healthcare




Human Resources
Management
Performing Arts
Science
Skilled Trades
Textile and Apparel




 View All Industries  






Quintessential by livecareer

  

What's your greatest strength?
Your one-stop source for the latest career tools, job search tips, and expert advice.
Read more 



I Am A Student

College Search
College Majors
College Planning
Internships

All Student Resources  

I Am A Career Changer

Career Assessment Tools
Articles
Find Your Career Passion
Quizzes

All Career Change Resources  

I Am A Job Seeker

Career Exploration
Checklist
Career Planning
Blog

All Job Seeker Resources  



Top Job Descriptions



Cashier Job Description
Project Manager Job Description
Accountant Job Description
Administrative Assistant Job Description
Operations Manager Job Description
Account Manager Job Description




Receptionist Job Description
Office Manager Job Description
Business Analyst Job Description
Marketing Manager Job Description
 Executive Assistant Job Description
Sales Associate Job Description




Sales Manager Job Description
Customer Service Job Description
 Sales Representative Job Description
Graphic Designer Job Description
Product Manager Job Description
General Manager Job Description




Data Analyst Job Description
Bookkeeper Job Description




 View All Job Descriptions  



















Jobs you’re looking for:

!Please fill out the type of job or location to search!


Location you want:



FIND JOBS















LiveCareer


Colleges


Delaware


								Delaware State University
							






Top jobs near Delaware State University







                                Grill Cook -Delaware State University
 - new


- Delaware State University



Aramark 


                          Overview:     About Aramark   Aramark (NYSE: ARMK) is in the customer service business across food, facilities and uniforms, wherever people work, learn, recover, and play. United by a passion to serve,...
                    


Job Details


2 days ago 
2017-07-26T00:00:00
**Overview:** **About Aramark** Aramark (NYSE: ARMK) is in the customer service business across food, facilities and uniforms, wherever people work, learn, recover, and play. United by a passion to serve, our more than 270,000 employees deliver experiences that enrich and nourish the lives of millions of people in 22 countries around the world every day. Aramark is recognized among the Most Admired Companies by FORTUNE and the World’s Most Ethical Companies by the Ethisphere Institute. Learn more at www.aramark.com or connect with us on Facebook and Twitter. **Description:** **Job Summary:** The grill cook takes orders for grill food items, cooks and prepares the order, and gives the order to the customer. Providing quality service is essential to customer satisfaction. **Essential Tasks & Responsibilities:** + Sets up and breaks down the grill station + Provides friendly and helpful customer service + Takes the customer's order and prepares the order according to recipe, keeping in mind additional customer specifications or dietary needs + Cooks items according to the specified cook times to ensure that they are safe for customer consumption + Uses the correct portions when cutting and serving items + Anticipates peak and non-peak service times; batch cooks food items accordingly + Responsible for the appearance of food when serving to customers + Restocks the station with condiments and food product as needed + Adheres to the weekly/monthly cleaning schedules by completing the assigned tasks + Cleans and sanitizes work areas, equipment, and utensils + Lifts food pans from warmer to the serving line + Operates and cleans grill station (flat-top grill, char grill, hood vents, fryers, etc.) + Safely operates a meat slicer and executes proper knife handling **Additional Job Functions:** + Cross-trains at other stations at the location + Works in other areas or departments as needed + Completion of any task requested by a supervisor or member of the Aramark management team **Work** **Environment:** Mostly works in front-of-house. Requires work in grill area with extreme heat conditions and frequent interaction with heated equipment, grease, and other at-risk conditions. Involves repetitive motion; walking and/or standing for extended periods of time. Frequent lifting, pushing, and carrying. **Qualifications:** **Required Qualifications:** + Good interpersonal skills and ability to work in a team environment + Time management skills + Excellent customer service + Minimum 1 year experience in the food service industry + Ability to multi-task and work in a fast paced environment + Ability to read, write, and follow instructions **Desired** **Qualifications:** + ServSafe Certified \#monster Aramark is an EQUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY/AFFIRMATIVE ACTION employer – Minority/Female/Disability/Veteran

Aramark




Dover
DE











                                Mortgage Loan Officer - Dover, Delaware
 - new


- Delaware State University



Ballard Hires 


                        Essential Mortgage Loan Originator Functions:  Source and originate mortgage loans and manage the client experience from origination to closing. Establish a strong presence including developing relationships...
                    


Job Details


17 hours ago 
2017-07-28T00:00:00
Essential Mortgage Loan Originator Functions:

Source and originate mortgage loans and manage the client experience from origination to closing.
Establish a strong presence including developing relationships with Realtors and Community Groups; some inbound and outbound sales calling and field visits may be necessary.
Participate in all steps related to the origination of a mortgage loan including meeting with prospects, counseling borrowers, taking mortgage applications face-to-face as well as by mail and phone.
Attend seminars, shows, community outreach events and other events to raise consumer awareness of our products and services.
Stay current with changes and new products and learn various borrowing programs and processes.
Learn and utilize LOS (MortgageBot), as well as various third party provider applications.
Adhere to all federal and state compliance guidelines relative to the position.

Minimum Qualifications:

High school diploma with 3–5 years mortgage experience or a bachelor's degree.
Mortgage Loan Service Registry (NMLS).
Working knowledge of all state and federal mortgage regulations.
Strong written and oral communication skills.
Working knowledge of windows-based applications, including Microsoft Excel and web based applications, including LeadMailbox.
Must possess superior customer service skills.
Excellent customer service and listening skills.
Public speaking skills.

Desired Skills & Experience

Solid math skills.
Genuine interest in local, regional and national real estate markets
Ability to multi-task in a fast paced environment.
Good organizational and analytical skills.
Strong written and oral communication skills.

Competitive benefits, including:

Medical and Dental Insurance
401(k) Plan
Subsidized Short/Long Term Disability, Life and AD&D Insurance
Voluntary Life Insurance
Flexible Spending Accounts
Tuition Reimbursement
Generous Paid Time Off
Employee Assistance Program (EAP)
Volunteer Time

MLO positions are commission based.

Ballard Hires




Dover
Delaware











                                Physician / Emergency Medicine / Delaware / Locum Or Per ...
 - new


- Delaware State University



Advantage Locums 


                        Advantage Locums is seeking an Emergency Medicine physician to provide locum coverage for a client that has 3 facilities within the Dover metro and surrounding areas. Job Description:- 12-24 hr shifts-Depending...
                    


Job Details


2 days ago 
2017-07-26T00:00:00
Advantage Locums is seeking an Emergency Medicine physician to provide locum coverage for a client that has 3 facilities within the Dover metro and surrounding areas.  Job Description:-  12-24 hr shifts-Depending on location but annual volume ranges from 16-50KRequirements of Candidate:-  Must be Emergency Medicine Board Certified-  Must have a current and unrestricted DE license and Federal DEAThe hourly compensation rate is negotiable  per hour along with your travel, and malpractice insurance. Prefers local candidatesPlease contact Stephanie Padilla as soon as possible to discuss your credentialing and availability for this opportunity or to discuss other opportunities as well. I hope to hear from you soon!Stephanie PadillaAdvantage Locums(877) 301-4045  X412Stephanie@advantagelocums.comFax #: (866) 370-9963

Advantage Locums




Dover
DE














Select Industry


 Industry Title 


A


B


C


D


E


F


G


H


I


J


K


L


M


N


O


P


Q


R


S


T


U


V


W


X


Y


Z








Insurance



Insurance Branch Manager

Claims Assistant

Risk Management Analyst

Workers Compensation






Recreation



Activity Aide

Camp Counselor

Massage Therapist

Physical Education Teacher






Childcare



Child Care

Daycare

General Manager

Operations Manager

Sales Director






Real Estate



Building And Facility Manager

Leasing Agent

Manager Leasing

Property Manager

Real Estate Broker

Realtor






Hospitality



Concierge

Front Desk Associate

Hotel Manager

Room Service Attendant

Terminal Manager

Travel Guide






Legal



Associate Attorney

General Counsel

Law Clerk

Legal Assistant

Legal Clerk

Paralegal

Process Server






Manufacturing And Production



Assembler

Industrial Production Manager

Machinist

Mechanical Inspector

Plant Division Manager

Welder






Banking And Financial Services



Bank Teller

Branch Assistant

Branch Manager

Customer Service Manager

Loan Officer

Mortgage

Securities Analyst

Teller






Entertainment



Art Director

Artist

Human Resources Generalist

Editor

Photographer

Reporter

Talent Agent

Technical Writer

Writer

Fashion Designer






Community And Public Service



Social Worker

Case Manager

Coach

Driving Instructor

Executive Director

Mental Health Case Manager

Mental Health Manager

Substance Abuse Counselor

Veterans

Volunteer Coordinator






Sales



Account Manager

Account Specialist

Business Development Analyst

Customer Service Sales Associate

Inside Sales Manager

Inside Sales Representative

National Sales Representative

Order Clerk

Outside Sales

Regional Sales Manager

Sales Associate

Telemarketer






Human Resources



Benefits Administrator

Benefits Analyst

Corporate Recruiter

Employment Clerk

Executive Recruiter

Hr Manager

Human Resources

Human Resources Hr Specialist

Recruiter

Staffing Clerk

Technical Recruiter

Trainer

Training Instructor






Marketing



Brand Manager

Communications Specialist

Event Coordinator

Is Analyst

Marketing Manager

Media Manager

Product Analyst

Product Development Manager

Project Manager

Public Relations

Sem

Senior Product Analyst

Seo






Administrative Support



Administrative Assistant

Administrative Manager

Assignment Clerk

Clerical Assistant

Data Entry Clerk

Document Control

Executive Assistant

General Clerk

Mail Clerk

Office Administrator

Office Clerk

Office Manager

Procurement Clerk

Receptionist

Secretary

Unit Manager






Engineering



Chemical Engineer

Commercial Engineer

Design Engineer

Designer

Electrical Inspector

Engineer

Field Engineer

Industrial Engineer

Manufacturing Engineer

Mechanical Engineer

Operating Engineer

Plant Engineer

Project Engineer

Safety And Health

Structural Engineer

Train Engineer

Waste Management Engineer

Chemist






Computers And Technology



Applications Analyst

Applications Programmer

Applications Systems Analyst

Business Analyst

Computer Hardware Engineer

Computer Programmer

Computer Software Engineer

Data Analyst

Database

Hardware Engineer

Implementation Manager

It Manager

Network Administrator

Operating System Manager

Project Manager

Security Administrator

Software Developer

System Administrator

Web Applications

Web Designer

Web Programmer






Law Enforcement And Security



Forensic Scientist

Police

Security Guard

Security Officer






Telecommunications



Board Operator

Telephone Operator






Personal Services



Barber

Attendant

Babysitter

Butler

Personal Assistant






Retail



Checker

Regional Manager

Retail Cashier

Retail Sales Manager

Retail Store Assistant

Store Manager






Construction



Cabinet Maker

Construction Worker

Contractor

Journeyman Plumber

Paint Technician

Plumber






Skilled Trades



Autocad Designer

Design Architect

Jeweler

Landscaper

Plant Technician

Production Clerk

Waste Disposal Manager






Management



Account Coordinator

Account Executive

Corporate Director

National Account Manager

Operations Supervisor

Paralegal

President

Product Management






Installation And Maintenance



Air Conditioning Mechanic

Brake Mechanic

Building Maintenance Supervisor

Custodian

Diesel Mechanic

Electrical Engineer

Electrician

Electronics Engineer

Facilities Supervisor

Field Service Engineer






Customer Service



Call Center

Cashier

Customer Account Clerk

Customer Service Assistant

Information Clerk

Lead Cashier

Member Service Representative

Order Analyst

Parking Attendant

Team Supervisor

Technical Sales






Transportation And Distribution



Bus Driver

Cab Driver

Car Rental

Delivery Person

Dock Worker

Driver

Forklift Operator

Logistics

Shipping And Receiving Associate

Tow Truck Driver

Van Driver

Warehouse Manager






Accounting And Finance



Account Clerk

Accountant

Accounting Manager

Auditor

Billing Supervisor

Budget Analyst

Collections Specialist

Controller

Financial Analyst

Financial Manager

Internal Auditor

Payroll

Portfolio Manager






Nursing



Charge Nurse

Family Nurse Practitioner

Licensed Vocational Nurse Lvn

Nurse Case Manager

Nurse Geriatric

Nurse Obstetrics

Nurse Practitioner

Nurse

Psychiatrics

Registered Nurse Rn

Staff Nurse






Education And Training



College Administrator

Education Consultant

Elementary School Teacher

Graduate Assistant

Guidance Counselor

Kindergarten

Life Coach

Middle School Teacher

Preschool

Primary School

School Counselor

School Secretary

Teacher

Tutor

Youth Leader






Business



Business Manager

Buyer

Cash Manager

Compliance Officer

Contract Administrator

Contract Specialist

Import Export

Licensing Manager

Marketing Assistant

Merchandise Manager

Process Analyst

Quality Assurance

Quality Control

Research Administrator

Salesperson

Wholesale

Quantitative Analyst






Food And Beverage



Apprentice Cook

Baker

Barista

Bartender

Cafe Manager

Catering

Coffee Shop

Cook

Dishwasher

Executive Chef

Fast Food

Food Service Worker

Host Hostess Restaurant

Line Cook

Prep Cook

Restaurant Manager

Server






Healthcare



Dental Assistant

Dental Hygienist

Dental Laboratory Technician

Dentist

Anesthesiologist

Audiologist

Cardiovascular Technician

Clinical Analyst

Ct Technologist

Head Nurse

Hospital Administrator

Medical Assistant

Medical Receptionist

Medical Record Clerk

Nurse Assistant

Nurse Manager

Occupational Therapist

Orderly

Orthopedic Surgeon

Pediatric Nurse

Physical Therapist

Radiologist

Rehabilitation Aide

Respiratory Therapist

Surgical Assistant

Therapist

X Ray Technician

Drug Safety

Pharmacist

Child Psychologist

Clinical Psychologist

Counseling Psychologist

Mental Health Counselor

School Psychologist









										View all Industries
									






Top jobs near Delaware State University:







                                RN / Home Healthcare Nursing Job In Dover, Delaware / Sk ...
 - new


- Delaware State University



MAS Medical Staffing 


                        Home Health Care NurseDelaware Length of Assignment: 3 monthsShift: 8 hrs Currently seeking a Home Health Nurse for a job opening in the Delaware area. The ideal candidate will possess a current
                    


Job Details


1 days ago 
2017-07-27T00:00:00
Home Health Care NurseDelaware Length of Assignment: 3 monthsShift: 8 hrs Currently seeking a Home Health Nurse for a job opening in the Delaware area. The ideal candidate will possess a current nursing license and at least 1 year of home health experience. This individual will work outside of a hospital in patients homes, providing care. Responsibilities of the Home Health Care Nurse Provide home care to patients after illness, injury or surgery or with acute health conditions or patients who are being treated with pharmaceuticals.Provide a range of specialized nursing skills in home health care, including but not limited to Home Care Infusion Therapy and Wound Vac.Work towards helping patients regain their independence.Record, assess and observe patient progress, reactions and symptoms.Assess the needs of patient and develop plan of care based on assessment.Check vital signs of patients, give injections, administer medication and dress wounds.Educate patients in line with physician recommendationsMonitor patients in restraint and seclusion and maintain patient safety.Document care in a patient record in accordance with agency, state and federal guidelines. Requirements of the Home Health Care Nurse BSN or ASN requiredCurrent nursing license required2 years of nursing experience required in a home health setting1 year of Home Health Oasis experience required Must possess organization, problem-solving and communication skills to articulate medical requirements to patients, families/caregivers, medical and non-medical staff in a professional and courteous way MAS Medical Staffing employees enjoy industry leading compensation packages and benefits, including:  Coordinated housing paid for by MAS, or generous housing stipendsHealth Insurance coverage Travel Reimbursement Licensure Assistance & Reimbursement NEW Rewards ProgramRecruiters on call 24/7 via Text, Email, or Phone ...Plus much more, just ask! If you are looking for a staffing agency that has your best interest at heart and a recruiter that will work 1 on 1 with you to find the best assignment available, please reach out to us today!

MAS Medical Staffing




Dover
DE











                                PA / Physician Assistant / Delaware / Permanent / Physic ...
 - new


- Delaware State University



Spectrum Healthcare Resources... 


                        Job Description: Spectrum Healthcare Resources has a potential opportunity for a civilianPhysician Assistant-Deployment Healthat Dover Air Force Base in Dover Delaware. This contract position offers: -...
                    


Job Details


1 days ago 
2017-07-27T00:00:00
Job Description: Spectrum Healthcare Resources has a potential opportunity for a civilianPhysician Assistant-Deployment Healthat Dover Air Force Base in Dover Delaware. This contract position offers:  - Full-timework schedule - Monday through Friday, 8:00 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. - No weekend, holiday or on-call responsibilities - Comprehensive Benefits - Competitive Pay - Manageable patient load - Outpatient setting Job Requirements: - Graduate of a Physician Assistant Training Program accredited by the Accreditation Review Commission on Education for the Physician Assistant (ARC-PA), or its predecessors, and acceptable to the Surgeon General, USAF, is mandatory. - Certification as a Physician Assistant by the National Committee on Certification Physician Assistants (NCCPA) is required. - At least 24 months of experience as a Physician Assistant within the last 36 months. Company Overview: Spectrum Healthcare Resources (SHR) was established in 1988 to deliver systems and processes designed to meet the unique needs of Militaryand VA Health Systems. SHR is a leading organization that provides physician and clinical staffing and management services to United States Military Treatment Facilities, VA clinicsand other Federal Agencies through various contracting vehicles. A Joint Commission Health Care Staffing Services firm, SHR isthe military staffing division of TeamHealth, a Nationwide organizationthat serves 850 civilian and military hospitals with a team of 9,600 affiliated health care professionals.  Spectrum Healthcare Resources is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.

Spectrum Healthcare Resources...




Dover
DE











                                Therapist / Speech Language Pathologist Job In Dover, De ...
 - new


- Delaware State University



Cumberland Therapy Services &Amp; Mytherapycompany 


                        JOIN US AS WE WORK TO POSITIVELY IMPACT THE LIVES OF CHILDREN AND COMMUNITIES ACROSS THE US! We are interviewing Speech-Language Pathologists for the 17/18 SY for our school-based openings in Dover, DE....
                    


Job Details


1 days ago 
2017-07-27T00:00:00
JOIN US AS WE WORK TO POSITIVELY IMPACT THE LIVES OF CHILDREN AND COMMUNITIES ACROSS THE US!  We are interviewing Speech-Language Pathologists for the 17/18 SY for our school-based openings in Dover, DE. Job Details: DE SLP License, Child Abuse Registry, TB requiredServing K-12, Full time (37.5 hours per week), materials and supplies provided by the districtWe are part of The Stepping Stones Group, which includes our family of special education brands such as; Cumberland, MyTherapyCompany, AlphaVista, SOS and Pathways to Speech.  We work in some of the largest districts throughout the US, with continual access to our clinical teams for support and guidance - no matter where you're located!  Our growing teams we can offer you: Our Foundations for Success Mentoring Program (not just for new grads) Explore the country with our nationwide travel assignments (guarantee contracts in amazing locations)Student Loan Repayment PlansOPT/H1B Sponsorship *for select locationsClinical Support - where and when you need it the most!Comprehensive Benefits A Leadership Team, who is constantly looking out for youWellness Programs to keep you healthy and activeCEU courses offered at no cost to you  All year long!Call today and help as we continue to make changes in a child's life - one child at a time.

Cumberland Therapy Services &Amp; Mytherapycompany




Dover
DE











                                Physician / Psychiatry / Delaware / Locum Tenens / Gener ...
 - new


- Delaware State University



FCS - Psychiatric Recruitment 


                        Locum Tenens Psychiatrist needed in the Dover area.
                    


Job Details


2 days ago 
2017-07-26T00:00:00
Locum Tenens Psychiatrist needed in the Dover area.

FCS - Psychiatric Recruitment




Dover
DE











                                Ph. D / Audiologist / Delaware / Permanent / Audiologist ...
 - new


- Delaware State University



Kurz Solutions 


                        Audiologist Au.D.   Capital of the "First State  The Community  The city of Dover is not only the Capital of the First State, but also the hometown to many of
                    


Job Details


2 days ago 
2017-07-26T00:00:00
Audiologist Au.D.   Capital of the "First State  The Community  The city of Dover is not only the Capital of the First State, but also the hometown to many of Delaware's historical landmarks. In downtown Dover you can peruse the many legislative and government buildings which have stood for generations, or relax at Silver Lake's popular park and bench areas. Dover is rich in history and culture and has fun attractions for people of all ages.Dover Air Force Base  Locate 2 miles southeast of Dover, Dover Air Force Base is home to the 436th Airlift Wing, commonly known as the "Eagle Wing and the 512th Airlift wing, the Reserve associate, known as the "Liberty Wing . Team Dover's mission focus is to safely fix and fly aircraft, prepare and deploy Airmen, move cargo, and return America's fallen heroes with dignity, honor and respect.  REQUIREMENTS    Experience in providing technical support and resources required for the execution of clinical and field studies to include: ability to identify, assess, and manage auditory, balance, and other neural systems.   Use of audiometers, computers, and other testing devices to measure the loudness at which a person begins to hear sounds.   Ability to distinguish between sounds, and the nature and extent of hearing loss.   Experience with comprehensive diagnostic and therapeutic procedures of the hearing and balance mechanisms including intraoperative monitoring of the cranial nerves, cerumen removal, cochlear implant assessment and management, posturography, and other advanced balance mechanism evaluations.   Experience with interviewing patients and records patient's case history to determine previous ailments and complaints.   Experience in performing examinations to determine evidences of physiological or anatomical abnormality.   Familiarity with the supplement examination by arranging laboratory test analyses and diagnostic x-rays.   Must have experience in interpreting laboratory results to evaluate examination findings; recommending fit, and dispense personal or large area amplification systems; and planning, administering, and recording progress of prescribed courses of treatment with limits of area of practice.   Experience in administering medication upon prescription by physician; instructing and providing guidance to instruction in use and maintenance of therapeutic devices, exercises, or procedure; and measuring noise levels in workplaces and conducting hearing protection programs.    QUALIFICATIONS    Required experience in hearing protection programs, human factors engineering/human systems integration or acoustic engineering, and hearing conservation program management.   An understanding of hearing conservation programs.   Working knowledge of Mic

Kurz Solutions




Dover
DE











                                NP / ENT / Delaware / Permanent / Nurse Practitioner Job
 - new


- Delaware State University



Medexpress 


                        Provider lifestyles are changing...just like patient expectations. At MedExpress, we recognize the value of lifestyle and we strive to be great in every way.As a patient centered organization, we recognize...
                    


Job Details


2 days ago 
2017-07-26T00:00:00
Provider lifestyles are changing...just like patient expectations. At MedExpress, we recognize the value of lifestyle and we strive to be great in every way.As a patient centered organization, we recognize that a satisfied provider is the key ingredient to exceeding patient expectations.Flexible scheduling, care autonomy, and a full support team create a provider environment unmatched in today's health care sector. Standard hours mean you're never on-call, and if you are committed to our patients, we commit to your work-life balance.You are an expert in your field - all we ask is that your strive each and every day to exceed our patients' expectations and deliver compassionate, expert care with customer service finesse. To meet the needs of today's busy lives, we look for providers who enjoy a fast-pace and who can hustle - without sacrificing care.A friendly, team environment is critical to the success of our organization. Today's that environment must include medical providers who are highly qualified to treat a spectrum of illness and injury for all ages, including minor office procedures life sutures and I&D.We use a fully-staffed team approach for our patient-centered delivery model. An energetic workforce shares a strong commitment to exceeding patient expectations in a welcoming environment.And, we ensure you have the resources you'll need to deliver on our promise. We believe innovative systems, technology, and supply management are customer service initiatives.Compensation and benefits are part of our lifestyle package. We require dedicated commitment and attention to our patients, so we strive to eliminate the stress of providing for your family. In addition to the refreshing change of environment and pace, we offer the following for our provider team:Group medical and dentalCompany-paid short-term and long-term disabilityCompany-paid life insurance (upgrades available at group rates)Company-paid malpracticeSafe Harbor 401(k) plan with company matchProfessional expense reimbursement programOptional vision insuranceHealth care and dependent care Flexible Spending Accounts (FSA's)

Medexpress




Dover
DE










View All Delaware State University Jobs











×


















Resume Tools

Resume Builder
Resume Tips
CV Templates
Resume Directory
Resume Samples





Cover Letter 

Cover Letter Builder
Cover Letter Tips
Cover Letter Samples





Mighty Recruiter 

Job Sourcing
Free Job Posting



Company 

Job Listings
Company Directory





Resources 

Quintessential LiveCareer
Education Opportunities





About 

Who We Are
Work Here
Affiliates
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use





Help & Support 

Customer Service/Billing
Contact Us
Frequently Asked Questions









 Language 





English
English (UK)






Español
Français






Italiano
Deutsch






Nederlands
Português
Polski







Customer Service 
 
customerservice@livecareer.com800-652-8430 Mon- Fri 8am - 8pm CST Sat 8am - 5pm CST, Sun 10am - 6pm CST
				  

Stay in touch with us













© 2017, Bold Limited. All rights reserved.


Powered by  




















	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































