










 


 



DST












DST1031RESOURCES.com
Over $100,000,000 of 1031 Exchange TIC and DST Properties Closed
Sign Up to Get Your FREE 1031 TIC and DST Property List.


















Get Your FREE DST 1031 Exchange Listings!


We Promise To Not Sell Your Information Ever.  Opt Out At Anytime.























* Generally defined as having a net worth, exclusive of primary residence, of greater than 1 million dollars.





















Helping you find the right TIC and DST Properties
Fill out the form below to receive your free list of available 1031 TIC and DST properties.You can email us at info@dst1031resources.com
						or call 866-934-9971








TIC and DST Properties Available:

Multifamily
NNN Leased
Self Storage
Medical Office
Senior Care






































* Generally defined as having a net worth, exclusive of primary residence, of greater than 1 million dollars.










This material does not constitute an offer to sell nor a solicitation of an offer to buy any security. Such offers can be made only by the confidential Private Placement Memorandum (the Memorandum). Please be aware that this material cannot and does not replace the Memorandum and is qualified in its entirety by the Memorandum. This website contains information that has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable. However, we do not guarantee the accuracy and validity of the information herein. Investors should perform their own investigations before considering any investment. TIC and DST 1031 Properties are only available to accredited investors and accredited entities. If you are unsure if you or your investing entity is accredited please verify with your CPA or Attorney prior to considering an investment.
There are material risks associated with investing in real estate, TIC and DST properties. These include, but are not limited to, tenant vacancies; declining market values; potential loss of investment principal; that past performance is not a guarantee of future results; that potential cash flow, potential returns, and potential appreciation are not guaranteed in any way; and that real estate, TIC and DST properties are illiquid investments.
Please read carefully the Private Placement Memorandum (PPM) and/or investment prospectus in its entirety before making an investment decision. Please pay careful attention to the "Risk" section of the PPM/Prospectus. 
Securities offered through registered representatives of WealthForge Securities, LLC, Member FINRA/SIPC.  Kay Properties and Investments, LLC and WealthForge Securities, LLC are separate entities.  303-962-7267
This material is not intended as tax or legal advice.



Copyright  - Dst1031resources.com - Privacy Policy





















 



DST












DST1031RESOURCES.com
Over $100,000,000 of 1031 Exchange TIC and DST Properties Closed
Sign Up to Get Your FREE 1031 TIC and DST Property List.


















Get Your FREE DST 1031 Exchange Listings!


We Promise To Not Sell Your Information Ever.  Opt Out At Anytime.























* Generally defined as having a net worth, exclusive of primary residence, of greater than 1 million dollars.





















Helping you find the right TIC and DST Properties
Fill out the form below to receive your free list of available 1031 TIC and DST properties.You can email us at info@dst1031resources.com
						or call 866-934-9971








TIC and DST Properties Available:

Multifamily
NNN Leased
Self Storage
Medical Office
Senior Care






































* Generally defined as having a net worth, exclusive of primary residence, of greater than 1 million dollars.










This material does not constitute an offer to sell nor a solicitation of an offer to buy any security. Such offers can be made only by the confidential Private Placement Memorandum (the Memorandum). Please be aware that this material cannot and does not replace the Memorandum and is qualified in its entirety by the Memorandum. This website contains information that has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable. However, we do not guarantee the accuracy and validity of the information herein. Investors should perform their own investigations before considering any investment. TIC and DST 1031 Properties are only available to accredited investors and accredited entities. If you are unsure if you or your investing entity is accredited please verify with your CPA or Attorney prior to considering an investment.
There are material risks associated with investing in real estate, TIC and DST properties. These include, but are not limited to, tenant vacancies; declining market values; potential loss of investment principal; that past performance is not a guarantee of future results; that potential cash flow, potential returns, and potential appreciation are not guaranteed in any way; and that real estate, TIC and DST properties are illiquid investments.
Please read carefully the Private Placement Memorandum (PPM) and/or investment prospectus in its entirety before making an investment decision. Please pay careful attention to the "Risk" section of the PPM/Prospectus. 
Securities offered through registered representatives of WealthForge Securities, LLC, Member FINRA/SIPC.  Kay Properties and Investments, LLC and WealthForge Securities, LLC are separate entities.  303-962-7267
This material is not intended as tax or legal advice.



Copyright  - Dst1031resources.com - Privacy Policy






















  VDDIVEV Quote - Delaware VIP Trust - Delaware VIP Diversified Income Series Fund - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Delaware VIP Trust - Delaware VIP Diversified Income Series   VDDIVEV:US          10.30USD         As of 12:00 AM EDT 5/31/2017     Fund Type   Variable Annuity    52Wk Range   10.13 - 10.53                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         52Wk Range   10.13 - 10.53    1 Yr Return   3.29%    Fund Type   Variable Annuity    Objective   Aggregate Bond    Asset Class Focus   Fixed Income    Geographic Focus   U.S.    NAV (on 05/31/2017)   10.3    Total Assets (b USD) (on 05/31/2017)   2.321    Inception Date   05/09/2003    Last Dividend (on 04/21/2017)   0.254    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -    Fund Managers   ROGER A EARLY / PAUL GRILLO    Front Load Fee   0.00%    Back Load Fee   0.00%    Redemption Fee   -    12b-1 Fee   0.30%    Current Mgmt Fee   0.59%    Expense Ratio   0.92%                Top Fund Holdings       Name Position Value % of Fund        TYU7:COM   US 10YR NOTE (CBT)Sep17    1.59 k 200.43 m 8.31      912828V9:GOV   T 2 ¼ 02/15/27    42.43 k 42.56 m 1.76      912810RX:GOV   T 3 05/15/47    31.27 k 32.09 m 1.33      CNU7:COM   CAN 10YR BOND FUT Sep17    270.00 29.07 m 1.21      912828X4:GOV   T 1 ⅞ 04/30/22    28.45 k 28.60 m 1.19      EK779700:COR   TURKGB 8 03/12/25    110.79 k 27.71 m 1.15      FNAL9903:MTG   FN AL9903    21.98 k 23.19 m 0.96      EJ750004:COR   SAGB 8 01/31/30    197.33 k 13.86 m 0.57      JV646611:COR   ABIBB 3.65 02/01/26    12.02 k 12.38 m 0.51      AM332435:COR   MSFT 4 ¼ 02/06/47    9.96 k 10.61 m 0.44           Profile   Delaware VIP Trust - Delaware VIP Diversified Income Series is a Variable Annuity product in the USA. The Fund's objective is to seek long-term total return. The Fund will invest in bonds allocated among the four sectors of the fixed income market: high yield sector, investment grade sector, international developed markets sector, emerging markets sector.    Address  Delaware VIP Trust2005 Market Street, 6th FloorPhiladelphia, PA 19103-7094USA   Phone  1-800-523-1918   Website   www.delawareinvestments.com/co/delaware               

Macquarie Investment Management














































Investment Management









						US
						


Select a country:

Australia
Indonesia
South Africa
Austria
Ireland
Sweden
Brazil
Japan
Switzerland
Canada
Korea
Taiwan
China
Malaysia
Thailand
France
Netherlands
United Arab Emirates
Germany
New Zealand
United Kingdom
Hong Kong
Philippines
United States
India
Singapore














×
Contact information








Phone: 

Internal: 
Phone:








×
Log in to your account









Email (username)





Password




                                Keep me logged in on this computer
                            




Log in 





Not registered?
Forgot password?



You can also log in to Delaware Investments financial advisors website using your LinkedIn account.
Or



Log in with LinkedIn 


When logging in with LinkedIn, you will briefly leave the Delaware Investments website. Delaware Investments is not responsible for the login page you are about to visit. Your browser will automatically return you to our site.














Insights
Our investment teams have a lot to say. Visit our Insights for unique commentary on a broad range of trending topics and market insights from our portfolio managers and analysts.
Learn more now




US versus non-US equities: Exploring a lesser-known distinction
With more and more of the world’s competitive firms based outside the US in certain key sectors, a focus on investing beyond American borders takes on new meaning. Our international equity team advisor Larry Franko analyzes the shift in sector dominance.
Read now




Taxable municipal bonds: Finding new growth
Read now


















                    Macquarie Investment Management
                



















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











DELAWARE VIP TRUST - PHILADELPHIA, PA - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



PA



PHILADELPHIA



Trusts, Nec



Trusts, Nec



                            DELAWARE VIP TRUST
                                    



 





















D 


DELAWARE VIP TRUST
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



1 COMMERCE SQ PHILADELPHIA, PA 19103
Get Directions



(215) 255-2127





Business Info



 Founded --
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $130,000.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries Trusts, Nec
 Contacts ROBERT COLLINS







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message










VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







D

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.














