

Delaware Life — ImmediateAnnuities.com



























Home
Need Help? 800-872-6684
About
Contact















MENU


Ask an Expert 800-872-6684



Serving 30,000 Clients –Online Since 1996–


400+ Customer Reviews








The Easiest Way To Buy Your Annuity Directly

1. Call Us (800) 872-6684
Or email one of our friendly annuity specialists. We'll go through a short questionnaire with you to prepare and mail your application.


2. Review and Sign Your Application
The application you receive is prefilled, and we highlight where you need to sign. You can always call us with any questions.


3. Return Your Application
Use our free overnight service for maximum safety and speed. We'll keep you updated from beginning to end.


4. Watch Your Money Grow
You'll get a contract from the insurance company guaranteeing the terms of your annuity, so you can rest easy and enjoy life.





Insurance Company Information



Delaware Life Insurance Co.
Member of the Sun Life Assurance Co. of Canada
Home Office:
Delaware Life Insurance Co.One Sun Life Executive ParkWellesley Hills, MA 02481
Product BrochuresMulti-Year Guarantee Annuity



Founded in 2013
A-AM Best Rating
BBBS&P Rating
Baa2Moody's Rating
$36Bin assets
$1.6BCapital & Surplus
18.1%Capital & Surplus to Liabilities

Call 800-872-6684 today to get the Delaware Life application




To buy your annuity call 800-872-6684











Contact Us - Delaware Life


















































Account Access







			  		[sharethis]			  	








Contact Us



We are here for you
Account Access
For online contract/policy access, please go here
Customer Service

If you are a contract/policy holder or agent/advisor with specific questions about or wanting help managing a current policy or contract, your service team is available Monday through Friday 8:30am to 6:00pm EST. 
All Annuity and Life Insurance Policyholders




All active policies
1-877-253-2323


Annuity and Life Insurance Requests
1-785-286-6118 (Fax)


independence ULSM for the Seed My Future Association
visit www.seedmyfuture.com/seedsafe



Agents/Advisors



All active policies
1-877-253-2323


Licensing and Commissions
1-785-286-6119 (fax)



Contact Us by Email:
Contract/policy holders can email customer support regarding form requests, general questions, the website, suggestions or concerns, at customer.relations@delawarelife.com

Contact Us by U.S. Mail:
 
Regular Mail
Delaware Life Service Center
PO Box 758581
Topeka, KS 66675-8581
Mailing Address for regular correspondence, forms, and contract/policy information
Overnight Address
Delaware Life Service Center
Mail Zone 581
5801 SW 6th Avenue
Topeka, KS 66636
Incoming Payments
Delaware Life Service Center
PO Box 758580
Topeka, KS 66675-8580
Mailing Address for incoming payments.


 
Main Administrative Office:
Delaware Life
   1601 Trapelo Road, Suite 30
   Waltham, MA 02451


 
Media Inquiries:
Members of the news media ONLY, please direct any media inquiries to media.relations@delawarelife.com














 * Delaware Life Insurance Company is authorized to transact business in all states except New York, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands.  Delaware Life Insurance Company of New York is authorized to transact business in New York and Rhode Island.  Both companies are members of the Delaware Life group of companies.  Each company is responsible for its own financial condition and contractual obligations.

 

Careers
 
Interested in a career at Delaware Life? Contact us at DelawareHR@DelawareLife.com





Back to top





















Statements - Delaware Life


















































Account Access







			  		[sharethis]			  	








Statements



A New Account Statement for Your Delaware Life Annuity
In October, Delaware Life introduced a new service support model for our annuity business. This change included moving account records to a new administrative system. As a result, the look and content of your quarterly variable annuity account statements will be changing, beginning with the year-end 2015 statement that will be mailed to you in January 2016. The new statement has been streamlined and includes what we believe is the essential information for understanding and managing your annuity.
To help you become familiar with your new statement and how to find more information online, please use these tools:








A Guide to Your New Delaware Life Annuity Statement



Frequently Asked Questions
I just received my quarterly statement. Why does it look different?
As you may know, Delaware Life recently introduced a new administrative support model for our annuity business. This new model included changes to our contact information, as well as our Account Access website and outgoing correspondence to our customers. Along with those changes, you will now see your Quarterly Statement information presented in a new format.

Will this be the way my statement looks in the future?
Although there is no time frame on the enhancements, we are actively working on building more content into our future variable annuity statements to enhance the information and details specific to your contract.

I used to be able to see my living benefit and death benefit details on my quarterly statement. Why is that no longer available?
We are actively working on building more content into our future statements. However, at this time, living benefit and death benefit information is not available on the statement.
Your living benefit and death benefit information is available on our Account Access site. If you have not already done so, please register on the Delaware Life Account Access site to view your account details. For immediate questions regarding your living benefit or death benefit, or for information you cannot locate on the Account Access site, please call one of our Customer Service representatives and they will be happy to assist you.

My statement used to list my beneficiary details. Where can I find this information?
You may log onto our Account Access website to access your beneficiary details. On the Account Access site, within the “People” tab, you will find all Primary and Contingent beneficiary information and percentages.

I used to get my rate of return on my statement. Why is it gone and how do I get that now?
As part of the new administrative support model for our annuity business, the personal rate of return is no longer available. Although we are unable to provide your personal rate of return, you may access your fund performance details on our Account Access website.

My year-end statement used to tell me what my Required Minimum Distribution value was, as well as my next year’s RMD amount. Where can I find that information?
As a result of changes to outgoing correspondence, this information will now be sent through a separate mailing that outlines your Required Minimum Distribution basis value and your current year’s RMD amount. This letter will be postmarked no later than January 31, 2016.

My previous statement provided me with my cost basis. Why can I not get it on this one?
Going forward we will not be displaying a breakdown of your cost basis on your quarterly statements. However, one of our Customer Service representatives will be happy to provide you with the cost basis for your non-qualified contract.

My transactions used to be broken out by subaccount, and now it is only showing the total transaction. Why?
By logging-on to the Delaware Life Account Access site, you will be able to view transaction detail at the sub account level by dollar amount. If you require additional information regarding a specific transaction, such as units purchased and sold, please call our Customer Service team.

I used to receive e-delivery of my statements. How do I re-establish e-delivery of my account statement?
E-Delivery will be offered and available to clients by the end of 2015, but you will have to re-elect this service once you’ve registered on the Account Access site. Until you do so, you will continue to receive mailed documents.
Financial Advisors must register for account access to receive their client statements.
You can log onto the Delaware Life Account Access site or we will be happy to assist you with registering your account today if you call our Customer Service team.

I rebalance my portfolio each quarter, why does the transaction history look different?
The values displayed are the net result of all money/units moved between all funds in order to rebalance to the original percentages you have allocated. In order to view each of the funds, and the corresponding dollar amounts moved between each, please log onto the Delaware Life Account Access site.

Your Annuity Contract is Secure and Unchanged
The terms, guarantees and values of your annuity contract remain unaffected, as does our commitment to you. Your contract is backed by the financial strength and claims-paying ability of Delaware Life Insurance Company, a leading U.S. provider of annuity and life insurance products. The Delaware Life group of companies is a financially strong, well-capitalized organization committed to serving our clients as prudent financial stewards, with more than 340,000 in-force annuity and life insurance policies representing approximately $36 billion in assets under management.1
1As of September 30, 2015.














For more information
Online Account Access
https://accounts.delawarelife.com





Back to top





















Home - Delaware Life

















































Account Access





SEE OUR EXPANDED PRODUCT PORTFOLIO DESIGNED TO MEET A BROAD RANGE OF NEEDS 

			  		[sharethis]			  	


                            If you need help registering for account access... click here for detailed instructions.
			








Our Company
We are committed to serving you with good financial stewardship and sensible solutions to help realize your financial goals.
More About us


Products
Retirement Chapters 10® is a flexible premium fixed index annuity that protects principal from market losses while offering the opportunity to earn interest based on the performance of a stock market index. It adds a 5% bonus on your first-year premium payments, and has an option to guarantee growth in your income base (available for an additional cost—subject to state availability—restrictions may apply).
Assured Income 7℠ is a flexible premium deferred fixed index annuity that provides predictable lifetime income and a guaranteed 9% annual simple interest roll-up during the first 10 contract years. It offers a bailout endorsement and a fee refund feature at no additional cost (subject to state availability—restrictions may apply).
Retirement Stages 7® is a flexible premium deferred fixed index annuity that offers protection from market losses and the opportunity to earn interest based on the performance of a stock market index. Optional benefits, available for an additional cost, can guarantee growth in your income base and guarantee return of your premium payments without surrender charges (subject to state availability—restrictions may apply).
Pinnacle MYGA℠ is a multi-year guaranteed fixed annuity that offers a way to build retirement assets without the principal risk typically associated with stocks, bonds, or mutual funds.
More About our products







Delaware Life News



July 17, 2017
A.M. BEST AND STANDARD & POOR’S AFFIRM  DELAWARE LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY RATINGS

Insurer ratings services A.M. Best and Standard & Poor’s have affirmed their financial strength ratings for Delaware Life Insurance Company and Delaware Life Insurance Company of New York (collectively, “Delaware Life”).  Read more 




August 24, 2016
Delaware Life Reaches $1 Billion in 2016 Annuity Sales

Delaware Life Insurance Company has achieved an important milestone for new annuity sales. Read more 










Contact Us
We are here for you. Policyholders or distributor partners can contact our call center at 1-877-253-2323 between the hours of 8:30 a.m. and 6:00 p.m. ET. 
More Contact Information




Career Opportunities
Our people are at the core of what we do at Delaware Life. If you have the skills and want to work for a company that will value and challenge you, please review our current openings. 
View Job Postings









Back to top
























Our Company - Delaware Life


















































Account Access







			  		[sharethis]			  	








Our Company



COMMITTED FINANCIAL STEWARDS 
As you plan for your future and the retirement income you’ll need, you’re looking for a provider that will be with you for the long haul to keep their promises. Delaware Life, through its insurance subsidiaries*, is a leading provider of annuity and life insurance products in the United States. We are a well-capitalized, financially strong company focused on sustainable earning growth and committed to serving you as good financial stewards. 
Risk Management Expertise and Financial Strength
Delaware Life manages approximately 342,000 in-force annuity and life insurance policies representing $37.9 billion in assets under management and $13.5 billion of invested assets as of March 31, 2017. We have the financial resources and disciplined risk management practices to keep our promises throughout the economy’s ups and downs.







For more information on our company, visit our Financial Highlights  page.



Our Roots
The company was established with the purchase by Delaware Life Holdings, LLC (Delaware Life)* of domestic U.S. annuity and certain life insurance businesses of Sun Life Financial Inc., whose record includes more than 40 years of experience in the annuity market. We draw upon the expertise of this foundation to make the sound financial decisions which safeguard the savings you’ve entrusted us with. Whatever your long-term goal – to realize a special retirement dream, to provide guaranteed lifetime income or to leave a legacy, Delaware Life can help.





 * Delaware Life Insurance Company is authorized to transact business in all states except New York, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands.  Delaware Life Insurance Company of New York is authorized to transact business in New York and Rhode Island.  Both companies are members of the Delaware Life group of companies.  Each company is responsible for its own financial condition and contractual obligations.

 


Products
Delaware Life is focused on supporting your financial goals with practical solutions and efficient service.  Learn More





Back to top





















Producer Tools - Delaware Life


















































Account Access







			  		[sharethis]			  	








Producer Tools



Newly Expanded Product Portfolio
We now offer even more choice to help you satisfy the individual and evolving needs of your clients. Our expanded suite of fixed and fixed indexed annuities includes Assured Income 7SM, Retirement Stages 7®, Retirement Chapters 10® and Pinnacle MYGASM.
Use the slider below to view and download some of our most popular Assured Income 7SM materials! 






























Use the slider below to view and download some of our most popular Retirement Stages 7® materials! 







































Use the slider below to view and download some of our most popular Retirement Chapters 10® materials! 












































PLEASE NOTE: Product availability and marketing materials may vary by state.
 
To access approved materials for your state including profiles, forms, brochures, illustrations and more, please logon to the literature fulfillment system by selecting one of the Broker Tools below.
 
Financial Advisor Tools
For best experience, use this tool on a desktop browser.


DOL Resources
Forms & Literature
FIA Illustrations
MYGA Illustrations
Wholesaler Toolkits


Click one of the links below to access DOL Resources
Returning Users Sign in with Username and Password
New Users Immediate registration and access


Click one of the links below to download or order Sales and Marketing Materials, New Business Forms, and Service Forms
Returning Users Sign in with Username and Password
New Users Immediate registration and access


Click one of the links below to run a FIA Illustration
Returning Users Sign in with Username and Password
New Users Immediate registration and access


Click one of the links below to download or order Wholesaler Toolkits
Returning Users Sign in with Username and Password
New Users Immediate registration and access












 * Delaware Life Insurance Company is authorized to transact business in all states except New York, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands.  Delaware Life Insurance Company of New York is authorized to transact business in New York and Rhode Island.  Both companies are members of the Delaware Life group of companies.  Each company is responsible for its own financial condition and contractual obligations.

 


What’s New
For the latest news on Delaware Life, please see our press releases and news articles. Learn More





Back to top





















   Sun Life Financial - Home - Annuities
























Sun Life Financial


			United States
		

			Choose a location
		

Looking for information about Sun Life and our affiliated companies in your area? 
			Select your country below to travel to a website for information specific to your region.

Worldwide

www.sunlife.com

Bermuda
www.sunlife.com/bermuda
Canada

www.sunlife.ca
www.mcleanbudden.com
www.sunlifeglobalinvestments.com

China
www.sunlife-everbright.com
Hong Kong
www.sunlife.com.hk
India

www.birlasunlife.com
www.sunlife.com/asiaservicecentre



Indonesia

www.sunlife.co.id
www.cimbsunlife.co.id

Ireland
www.sunlife.ie
Philippines

www.sunlife.com.ph
www.sunlifegrepa.com
www.sunlife.com/asiaservicecentre

United Kingdom
www.sloc.co.uk
United States

www.sunlife.com/us
www.mfs.com





Life insurance








Home
			|
		

Get to know us
			|
		

Site map
			|
		

Talk to us










  
































ATTENTION ANNUITY PRODUCERS
Effective October 2, 2015, annuity contract information is no longer available on this website. Beginning October 5, 2015, please visit www.delawarelife.com for more information, or call 877-253-2323, Monday through Friday, 8:30 a.m. - 6:00 p.m. EST.






Delaware Life issues and administers policies, contracts and certificates through Delaware Life Insurance Company (Wellesley Hills, MA) in all states except New York, and in the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico and the U.S.Virgin Islands. In New York, policies and contracts are issued by Delaware Life Insurance Company of New York (New York, NY). These companies are members of the Delaware Life group of companies and are not affiliated with Sun Life Financial.
Annuities are long-term financial vehicles designed for retirement purposes. Variable annuities are subject to market fluctuation, investment risk, and possible loss of principal.
You should carefully consider the investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses of an investment in a variable annuity. The prospectus contains this and other important information. Please read the prospectuses for the variable annuity product (Masters; Masters NY) and the underlying investment options carefully before investing or sending money.
Guarantees are based on the claims-paying ability of the issuing insurance company. Guarantees do not apply to the performance or safety of amounts held in the variable sub-accounts. Products and features may not be available in all states.
NOT FDIC/NCUA INSURED - MAY LOSE VALUE - NO BANK/CREDIT UNION GUARANTEE -NOT A DEPOSIT - NOT INSURED BY ANY FEDERAL GOVERNMENT AGENCY.

SLPC 22609 (10/15) (Exp. 10/17)


  
  ©
  2017 
  	Sun Life Assurance Company of Canada (U.S.). All rights reserved.  
	
		
		legal | privacy | security

























Products - Delaware Life






























































Account Access







			  		[sharethis]			  	








Products



A BROAD ARRAY OF RETIREMENT INCOME SOLUTIONS DESIGNED FOR REAL-LIFE GOALS
We are dedicated to supporting you with valuable, straightforward solutions that help save for today and provide income for tomorrow. We partner with some of the world’s leading investment managers to bring you value and a diverse suite of fixed income choices to fit your individual, evolving goals.
Our product lines include variable annuities, fixed annuities, fixed index annuities, and variable life insurance. Delaware Life manages approximately 342,000 in-force annuity and life insurance policies representing $37.9 billion in assets under management and $13.5 billion of invested assets as of March 31, 2017.
Delaware Life Holdings, LLC (Delaware Life)* acquired the domestic U.S. annuity and certain life insurance businesses of Sun Life Financial, Inc. These valued policyholders are our foundation and we are dedicated to providing for their needs with improved support and service. 
Learn about our current products offerings:





Assured Income 7SM Fixed Index AnnuityAmericans are living longer than ever thanks to advances in medicine and healthier lifestyles. This is great news, but longer lifespans mean extra years in retirement. You may even spend more years in retirement than you have at work. You may need to plan for more financial resources to have the retirement lifestyle you envision.
 
Assured Income 7SM Fixed Index Annuity is a flexible and straightforward solution built to provide you with guaranteed lifetime income. Your annuity gives you the choice of simple crediting options to grow your money and competitive guaranteed income you can depend upon and plan around. Assured Income 7SM offers an excellent balance of predictable guaranteed income and competitive accumulation.
 
Key Benefits
Assured Income 7SM gives you sought-after guaranteed lifetime income and simple, attractive crediting options to grow your money.
 
Guaranteed Principal to Protect Your Retirement MoneyUnlike other retirement products, a fixed index annuity is not an investment in individual securities. So when the markets do poorly, your account is guaranteed to not drop in value. Both your investment and any interest it earns are protected from principal loss, by the claims-paying ability and financial strength of the issuing insurance company.1
 

1If you withdraw your assets, your principal may be reduced by withdrawal and surrender charges, rider fees and a market value adjustment.


Choice of Indexes and Crediting Methods to Suite Your NeedsStraightforward options to grow your savings:
 

S&P 500® Index – Widely regarded as a premier benchmark for the domestic stock market.
Fixed Account – Credited with an interest rate that is current on the date the investment is effective.

You may elect more than one strategy and on each contract anniversary, you may reallocate your account value among the options available at that time.
 
For more detailed information on the index options and the crediting methods available, please see our Product Brochure.
 

The Standard and Poor’s 500® (“S&P 500®”) is a product of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC or its affiliates (“SPDJI”) and has been licensed for use by Delaware Life Insurance Company (“Delaware Life”). Standard & Poor’s® and S&P® are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC (“S&P”); Dow Jones® is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC (“Dow Jones”); and these trademarks have been licensed for use by SPDJI and sublicensed for certain purposes by Delaware Life. Assured Income 7SM is not sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by SPDJI, Dow Jones, S&P, their respective affiliates and none of such parties make any representation regarding the advisability of investing in such product(s) nor do they have any liability for any errors, omissions, or interruptions of the S&P 500®.


Guaranteed Lifetime Withdrawal Benefit with Fee Refund Feature
Assured Income 7SM comes with a guaranteed lifetime withdrawal benefit that provides income for the owner and spouse (if elected), even if the account (cash) value should go to zero. The benefit base will grow by a guaranteed 9% per year (roll-up bonus credit) for 10 years (roll-up bonus period) for an annual cost. The benefit base is the amount on which your lifetime income is calculated. The benefit base is not a cash or surrender value or death benefit and is not available as a lump sum. This feature means you’ll know what your lifetime income will be, so you can make plans with real information.
 
Fee Refund Feature
 
The guaranteed lifetime withdrawal benefit also includes a unique fee refund feature. After 10 years (or less if the annuity’s owner dies) 100% of rider fees paid (within the last 10 contract years) are eligible for a refund if:
 

Lifetime income is never started, and 
No withdrawals of any kind (including RMDs) are taken. 


Bailout Endorsement
Assured Income 7SM comes with a “bailout” provision, that provides full or partial withdrawals from the contract without a surrender charge or market value adjustment if, the renewal cap for the S&P 500® 1-year point-to-point strategy is below the bailout cap rate. A cap is the maximum interest your FIA can earn in a year. No allocation to the Index account is required to receive this bailout protection. This benefit is provided to the owner at no cost. See the disclosure statement for more details.

  
Delaware Life Insurance Company is authorized to transact business in all states except New York, as well as in the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands.
  

For more information about Assured Income 7SM,   contact us  or download our Product Brochure or Product Profile (Download Adobe Acrobat Reader). Product availability and marketing material may vary by state. Ask your financial professional to help you get started.

 
For Producers: For additional product information, and to download a sales kit, please click here.
Retirement Stages 7® Fixed Index AnnuityA long retirement could afford you the time to do the things you never had the chance to do while you were working, raising a family and paying a mortgage. You know that you’ll need the means to realize that goal, so you’re looking for the opportunity to continuously grow your savings while protecting it from market losses.
 
The unique features of Delaware Life’s Retirement Stages 7® Fixed Index Annuity give you conservative income potential, including optional riders that provide guaranteed lifetime income and a return of your premium payments free of surrender charges.1 You have a choice of index options available only from Delaware Life.  The flexibility of Retirement Stages 7® is designed to adapt to your needs through all the stages of your life – growing your savings while working, protecting your savings and providing reliable retirement income.
 

1Optional riders are available for an additional fee, subject to state availability and restrictions and limits apply.

 
Key Benefits
Retirement Stages 7® gives you flexibility and control to plan for the stages of your life your way with:
 Guaranteed Principal to Protect Your Retirement MoneyUnlike other retirement products, a fixed index annuity is not an investment in individual securities. So when the markets do poorly, your account is guaranteed to not drop in value. Both your investment and any interest it earns are protected from principal loss, by the claims-paying ability and financial strength of the issuing insurance company.1
 

1If you withdraw your assets, your principal may be reduced by withdrawal and surrender charges, rider fees and a market value adjustment.


Choice of Indexes and Crediting Methods to Suit Your NeedsChoose from an unusual, well thought-out selection of investment options and crediting methods designed to meet your evolving needs and goals:
 

CROCI Sectors III USD 5.5% Volatility Control Index – Sponsored by Deutsche Bank and dynamically allocates exposure between the CROCI Sectors Index, which invests in the 10 most undervalued stocks from each of the three most undervalued global industry sectors, and a cash component, using a volatility control mechanism to help limit overall volatility.
Momentum Asset Allocator 5.5% Volatility Control Index – Sponsored by Deutsche Bank and dynamically allocates exposure across equities, gold, interest rates and cash based on their trailing nine month performance, using a volatility control mechanism to help limit overall volatility.
S&P 500® Index – Widely regarded as a premier benchmark for the domestic stock market.
Fixed Account – Credited with an interest rate that is current on the date the investment is effective.

 
You may elect more than one strategy and on each contract anniversary, you may reallocate your account value among the options available at that time. For more detailed information on the index options and the crediting methods available, please see our Product Brochure.
 

This Product (the “Product”) is not sponsored, endorsed, managed, sold or promoted by Deutsche Bank AG (DB AG) or any subsidiary or affiliate of DB AG.  The Deutsche Bank Indices are the exclusive property of DB AG.  “Deutsche Bank” and “CROCI” are proprietary marks of DB AG and its affiliates that have been licensed for certain uses and purposes to Delaware Life Insurance Company (DLIC).  Neither DB AG, CROCI, nor any affiliate of DB AG, nor any other party involved in, or related to, making or compiling the Deutsche Bank Indices: (1) is acting in a fiduciary or product management capacity or providing any endorsement of the Product or investment advice of any kind; (2) has any obligation to take the needs of DLIC, the sponsor of the Product, or its clients into consideration in determining, composing or calculating the Deutsche Bank Indices; (3) is responsible for or has participated in the determination of the timing of, prices at, quantities or valuation of the Product; (4) WARRANTS OR GUARANTEES THE ACCURACY AND/OR THE COMPLETENESS OF THE DEUTSCHE BANK INDICES OR ANY DATA INCLUDED THEREIN AND SHALL HAVE NO LIABILITY FOR ANY ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR INTERRUPTIONS THEREIN OR THE ADMINISTRATION, MARKETING OR TRADING OF THE PRODUCT.  The CROCI Indices have been built on the premise that the CROCI Economic P/E is an effective indicator of inherent value. This premise may not be correct, and prospective investors must form their own view of the CROCI methodology and evaluate whether CROCI is appropriate for them. Please see the Disclosure Statement and Annuity Illustration for more information about the Deutsche Bank Indices and the Product.
Obligations to make payments under the Product are solely the obligation of Delaware Life Insurance Company and are not the responsibility of DB AG.  The selection of one or more of the Deutsche Bank Indices as a crediting option under the Product does not obligate Delaware Life Insurance Company or DB AG to invest annuity payments in the components of any of the Deutsche Bank Indices.
The Momentum Asset Allocator 5.5% Volatility Control Index is calculated on an excess return basis reflecting the weighted performance of the Index constituents in excess of the performance of the Deutsche Bank Momentum Money Market Index. In addition, the Index also reflects the daily deduction of a 0.25% per annum fee.
While volatility controls may result in less fluctuation in rates of return as compared to indices without volatility controls, they may also reduce the overall rate of return as compared to products not subject to volatility controls.

 

There are risks associated with the CROCI methodology, the CROCI Sectors III Index and the CROCI Sectors III USD 5.5% Volatility Control (“CROCI Sectors 5.5% VC”) Index:

No assurance can be given that the CROCI methodology will be successful at identifying undervalued companies;
There is no assurance that (i) the three industry sectors chosen will outperform the other industry sectors or (ii) the 30 chosen stocks will outperform the remaining stocks in the component indices;
Even if the strategy of the CROCI Sectors III Index is successful and it outperforms the component indices, the level of the CROCI Sectors 5.5% VC may decline;
Because the CROCI Sectors 5.5% VC is subject to a maximum notional exposure of 100% to the CROCI Sectors III Index and will not adjust its exposure to the CROCI Sectors III Index by more than 10% on any day, the CROCI Sectors 5.5% VC may not be able to maintain a fixed target volatility level of 5.5%;
If the realized volatility of the CROCI Sectors III Index is less than 5.5%, the CROCI Sectors 5.5% VC may have a 100% exposure to the CROCI Sectors III Index, but a target volatility level less than 5.5%;
Because the CROCI Sectors 5.5% VC’s exposure to the CROCI Sectors III Index on each day is calculated based on the historical realized volatility the CROCI Sectors III Index, the realized volatility of the CROCI Sectors 5.5% VC could differ significantly from the target volatility level;
The CROCI Sectors 5.5% VC is subject to currency exchange rate risk; and
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch, as the sponsor and calculation agent of the Index, may adjust the Index and/or its components in a way that affects their respective levels and may have conflicts of interest.


 

There are risks associated with the Deutsche Bank Momentum Asset Allocator 5.5% Volatility Control Index (the “Index”) and the Deutsche Bank Momentum Asset Allocator Index (the “Momentum Index”):

The Momentum Asset Allocator 5.5% Volatility Control Index is calculated on an excess return basis reflecting the weighted performance of the Index constituents in excess of the performance of the Deutsche Bank Momentum Money Market Index. In addition, the Index also reflects the daily deduction of a 0.25% per annum fee;
On any day, the actual realized volatility of the Index could be significantly higher or lower than the target volatility of 5.5%;
There is no assurance that the strategy of the Momentum Index will be successful, and it may decline in value even if successful. Past performance of the Index is not indicative of future results; and
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch, as the sponsor and calculation agent of the Index, the Momentum Index and the Momentum Index’s underlying indices, may adjust such indices in a way that affects their respective levels and may have conflicts of interest.


 

The Standard and Poor’s 500® (“S&P 500®”) is a product of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC or its affiliates (“SPDJI”) and has been licensed for use by Delaware Life Insurance Company (“Delaware Life”). Standard & Poor’s® and S&P® are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC (“S&P”); Dow Jones® is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC (“Dow Jones”); and these trademarks have been licensed for use by SPDJI and sublicensed for certain purposes by Delaware Life. Retirement Stages 7® is not sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by SPDJI, Dow Jones, S&P, their respective affiliates and none of such parties make any representation regarding the advisability of investing in such product(s) nor do they have any liability for any errors, omissions, or interruptions of the S&P 500®.


Options for Lifetime IncomeTake your retirement income as you choose:
 

Free withdrawal amounts
Periodic withdrawals
Annuity payments
Guaranteed withdrawals with an optional, affordable Stacked Accumulation Income Rider® (STAIR®) provides guaranteed lifetime income for you and your spouse, even if your Account Value should go to zero.


Return of Premium RiderThe optional Return of Premium Rider is available for an additional fee. You may surrender at any time prior to the Annuity Date – without surrender charges – and receive at least 100% of the premiums you paid (minus applicable prior withdrawals).
Access to Indexes Sponsored By a Global LeaderAccess the indexes sponsored by a leading global provider of financial services when you choose the CROCI Sectors III USD 5.5% Volatility Control Index and Momentum Asset Allocator 5.5% Volatility Control Index. Founded in 1870 and headquartered in Frankfurt am Main, Germany, Deutsche Bank is the largest bank in Germany and one of the largest financial institutions in the world. As of December 31, 2014, the firm manages $2.1 trillion in assets and has more than 90,000 global employees, operating in 71 countries around the world. The company also offers the sales, trading and structuring of a wide range of financial markets’ products including index-based swaps, notes and certificates.
 

“Deutsche Bank” means Deutsche Bank AG and its affiliated companies, as context requires. Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice and information in this communication should not be regarded as such.


Bailout EndorsementRetirement Stages 7® comes with a “bailout” provision, which provides full or partial withdrawals from the contract without a surrender charge or market value adjustment if the renewal cap for the S&P 500® 1-year point-to-point strategy is below the bailout cap rate. A cap is the maximum interest your FIA can earn in a year. No allocation to the Index account is required to receive this bailout protection. This benefit is provided to the owner at no cost. See the disclosure statement for more details.

 
Delaware Life Insurance Company is authorized to transact business in all states except New York, as well as in the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands.
 
For more information on Retirement Stages 7®,  contact us  or download our Product Brochure or Product Profile (Download Adobe Acrobat Reader). Product availability and marketing material may vary by state. Ask your financial professional to help you get started.

 
For Producers: For additional product information, and to download a sales kit, please click here.
 
Retirement Chapters 10® Fixed Index AnnuityYou’re planning for a long retirement and need reliable income to do the things you have planned. You want the best of both worlds: upside potential with downside protection. We understand the challenges you face preparing for retirement. You want a solution that delivers good value, protects your principal and helps you grow assets so you can count on lifetime income.
 
The unique features and flexibility of Delaware Life’s Retirement Chapters 10® Fixed Index Annuity give you the security of principal protection, upside potential linked to the performance of the index(es) you choose, tax-deferred growth and predictable income. We can’t tell you where your story will take you, but we can help you be prepared.
 
Key Benefits
Retirement Chapters 10® gives you flexibility and control so you can plan for the next chapters of your life your way with:
 
Guaranteed Principal to Protect Your Retirement MoneyUnlike other retirement products, a fixed index annuity is not an investment in individual securities. So when the markets do poorly, your account is guaranteed to not drop in value. Both your investment and any interest it earns are protected from principal loss, by the claims-paying ability and financial strength of the issuing insurance company.1
 

1If you withdraw your assets, your principal may be reduced by withdrawal and surrender charges, rider fees and a market value adjustment.


Choice of Indexes and Crediting Methods to Suit Your NeedsChoose from an unusual, well thought-out selection of investment options and crediting methods designed to meet your evolving needs and goals:
 

CROCI Sectors III USD 5.5% Volatility Control Index – Sponsored by Deutsche Bank and dynamically allocates exposure between the CROCI Sectors Index, which invests in the 10 most undervalued stocks from each of the three most undervalued global industry sectors, and a cash component, using a volatility control mechanism to help limit overall volatility.
Momentum Asset Allocator 5.5% Volatility Control Index – Sponsored by Deutsche Bank and dynamically allocates exposure across equities, gold, interest rates and cash based on their trailing nine month performance, using a volatility control mechanism to help limit overall volatility.
S&P 500® Index – Widely regarded as a premier benchmark for the domestic stock market.
Fixed Account – Credited with an interest rate that is current on the date the investment is effective.

You may elect more than one strategy and on each contract anniversary, you may reallocate your account value among the options available at that time. For more detailed information on the index options and the crediting methods available, please see our Product Brochure.
 


This  Product (the “Product”) is not sponsored, endorsed, managed, sold or promoted by Deutsche Bank AG (DB AG) or any subsidiary or affiliate of DB AG.  The Deutsche Bank Indices are the exclusive property of DB AG.  “Deutsche Bank” and “CROCI” are proprietary marks of DB AG and its affiliates that have been licensed for certain uses and purposes to Delaware Life Insurance Company (DLIC).  Neither DB AG, CROCI, nor any affiliate of DB AG, nor any other party involved in, or related to, making or compiling the Deutsche Bank Indices: (1) is acting in a fiduciary or product management capacity or providing any endorsement of the Product or investment advice of any kind; (2) has any obligation to take the needs of DLIC, the sponsor of the Product, or its clients into consideration in determining, composing or calculating the Deutsche Bank Indices; (3) is responsible for or has participated in the determination of the timing of, prices at, quantities or valuation of the Product; (4) WARRANTS OR GUARANTEES THE ACCURACY AND/OR THE COMPLETENESS OF THE DEUTSCHE BANK INDICES OR ANY DATA INCLUDED THEREIN AND SHALL HAVE NO LIABILITY FOR ANY ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR INTERRUPTIONS THEREIN OR THE ADMINISTRATION, MARKETING OR TRADING OF THE PRODUCT.  The CROCI Indices have been built on the premise that the CROCI Economic P/E is an effective indicator of inherent value. This premise may not be correct, and prospective investors must form their own view of the CROCI methodology and evaluate whether CROCI is appropriate for them. Please see the Disclosure Statement and Annuity Illustration for more information about the Deutsche Bank Indices and the Product.
Obligations to make payments under the Product are solely the obligation of Delaware Life Insurance Company and are not the responsibility of DB AG.  The selection of one or more of the Deutsche Bank Indices as a crediting option under the Product does not obligate Delaware Life Insurance Company or DB AG to invest annuity payments in the components of any of the Deutsche Bank Indices.
The Momentum Asset Allocator 5.5% Volatility Control Index is calculated on an excess return basis reflecting the weighted performance of the Index constituents in excess of the performance of the Deutsche Bank Momentum Money Market Index. In addition, the Index also reflects the daily deduction of a 0.25% per annum fee.
While volatility controls may result in less fluctuation in rates of return as compared to indices without volatility controls, they may also reduce the overall rate of return as compared to products not subject to volatility controls.

 

There are risks associated with the CROCI methodology, the CROCI Sectors III Index and the CROCI Sectors III USD 5.5% Volatility Control (“CROCI Sectors 5.5% VC”) Index:

No assurance can be given that the CROCI methodology will be successful at identifying undervalued companies;
There is no assurance that (i) the three industry sectors chosen will outperform the other industry sectors or (ii) the 30 chosen stocks will outperform the remaining stocks in the component indices;
Even if the strategy of the CROCI Sectors III Index is successful and it outperforms the component indices, the level of the CROCI Sectors 5.5% VC may decline;
Because the CROCI Sectors 5.5% VC is subject to a maximum notional exposure of 100% to the CROCI Sectors III Index and will not adjust its exposure to the CROCI Sectors III Index by more than 10% on any day, the CROCI Sectors 5.5% VC may not be able to maintain a fixed target volatility level of 5.5%;
If the realized volatility of the CROCI Sectors III Index is less than 5.5%, the CROCI Sectors 5.5% VC may have a 100% exposure to the CROCI Sectors III Index, but a target volatility level less than 5.5%;
Because the CROCI Sectors 5.5% VC’s exposure to the CROCI Sectors III Index on each day is calculated based on the historical realized volatility the CROCI Sectors III Index, the realized volatility of the CROCI Sectors 5.5% VC could differ significantly from the target volatility level; 
The CROCI Sectors 5.5% VC is subject to currency exchange rate risk; and
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch, as the sponsor and calculation agent of the Index, may adjust the Index and/or its components in a way that affects their respective levels and may have conflicts of interest.



There are risks associated with the Deutsche Bank Momentum Asset Allocator 5.5% Volatility Control Index (the “Index”) and the Deutsche Bank Momentum Asset Allocator Index (the “Momentum Index”):

The Momentum Asset Allocator 5.5% Volatility Control Index is calculated on an excess return basis reflecting the weighted performance of the Index constituents in excess of the performance of the Deutsche Bank Momentum Money Market Index. In addition, the Index also reflects the daily deduction of a 0.25% per annum fee;
On any day, the actual realized volatility of the Index could be significantly higher or lower than the target volatility of 5.5%;
There is no assurance that the strategy of the Momentum Index will be successful, and it may decline in value even if successful. Past performance of the Index is not indicative of future results; and
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch, as the sponsor and calculation agent of the Index, the Momentum Index and the Momentum Index’s underlying indices, may adjust such indices in a way that affects their respective levels and may have conflicts of interest.



The Standard and Poor’s 500® (“S&P 500®”) is a product of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC or its affiliates (“SPDJI”) and has been licensed for use by Delaware Life Insurance Company (“Delaware Life”). Standard & Poor’s® and S&P® are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC (“S&P”); Dow Jones® is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC (“Dow Jones”); and these trademarks have been licensed for use by SPDJI and sublicensed for certain purposes by Delaware Life. Retirement Chapters 10SM is not sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by SPDJI, Dow Jones, S&P, their respective affiliates and none of such parties make any representation regarding the advisability of investing in such product(s) nor do they have any liability for any errors, omissions, or interruptions of the S&P 500®.



Premium Bonus Added to Your First-Year Investments Delaware Life will boost your retirement savings by adding a 5% bonus to all premiums you pay during the first year of the contract.
Options for Lifetime IncomeTake your retirement income as you choose:
 

Free withdrawal amounts
Periodic withdrawals
Annuity payments
Guaranteed withdrawals with an optional, affordable Stacked Accumulation Income Rider® (STAIR®) provides guaranteed lifetime income for you and your spouse, even if your Account Value should go to zero.


Access to Indexes Sponsored By a Global LeaderAccess the indexes sponsored by a leading global provider of financial services when you choose the CROCI Sectors III USD 5.5% Volatility Control Index and Momentum Asset Allocator 5.5% Volatility Control Index. Founded in 1870 and headquartered in Frankfurt am Main, Germany, Deutsche Bank is the largest bank in Germany and one of the largest financial institutions in the world. As of December 31, 2014, the firm manages $2.1 trillion in assets and has more than 90,000 global employees, operating in 71 countries around the world. The company also offers the sales, trading and structuring of a wide range of financial markets’ products including index-based swaps, notes and certificates.
 

“Deutsche Bank” means Deutsche Bank AG and its affiliated companies, as context requires. Deutsche Bank does not render legal or tax advice and information in this communication should not be regarded as such.


 
State Availability
Retirement Chapters 10® is currently approved for sale in all States EXCEPT*: CT, NM, NY.

*Effective 1/1/17

 
Delaware Life Insurance Company is authorized to transact business in all states except New York, as well as in the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands.
 

For more information on Retirement Chapters 10®,  contact us  or download our Product Brochure or Product Profile (Download Adobe Acrobat Reader). Product availability and marketing material may vary by state. Ask your financial professional to help you get started.

 
For Producers: For additional product information, and to download a sales kit, please click here.
 
Pinnacle MYGASM A Multi-year Guaranteed Fixed AnnuityPinnacle MYGASM is a single-premium deferred fixed annuity with multiple guarantee periods. It offers a simple, guaranteed way to build retirement assets without the principal risk typically associated with stocks, bonds or mutual funds.
 
Key Benefits
Pinnacle MYGASM offers these advantages:
 
Guaranteed, fixed interest ratesYou can choose one of multiple guarantee periods to align with your specific needs and get a fixed rate of interest for the period you select.
Protection of principalYour principal and interest are guaranteed as long as you hold your contract for the length of the guarantee period.
Tax-deferred growth, until you take withdrawalsYou do not pay any taxes on earnings until you take withdrawals so your money can grow faster. Deferring taxes could be even more beneficial if you are in a lower tax bracket when you make your withdrawals as a retiree.
Lifetime Income OptionsYou can choose the income option that fits your needs: payments for your entire lifetime or payments over the lifetime of you and a co-annuitant.
Death BenefitPinnacle MYGASM provides a death benefit is equal to the account value at the time the benefit is paid.
Market Value AdjustmentIf you make a withdrawal prior to the end of the interest guarantee period you may be subject to a market value adjustment that reflects changes in interest rates that may occur between the times the guaranteed interest rate began and when the withdrawal is taken.

For more information on Pinnacle MYGA℠,  contact us  or download our Product Brochure (Download Adobe Acrobat Reader). Product availability and marketing material may vary by state. Ask your financial professional to help you get started.
 
For Producers: For additional product information, and to download a sales kit, please click here.
 


Delaware Life Independence Universal LifeSM (independence ulSM)

Exclusively for members of the SEED My Future Association, Inc. independence ulSM is an innovative group universal life insurance policy for members age 18 to 49 designed to help build long-term savings, while providing important insurance protection.
 
Key Benefits
With independence ulSM, SEED My Future Association, Inc. members can take advantage of the tax benefits unique to a life insurance policy to get:

Protection that lasts your entire lifetime
The potential to build equity—or cash value—that grows tax deferred and can be used to help meet your financial goals

Flexibility to control the amount and frequency of your payments, subject to policy minimums1


For more information on independence ulSM or the SEED My Future Association, Inc. visit www.seedmyfuture.com or download our
Product Profile (Download Adobe Acrobat Reader). Product availability may vary by state.


1Policy limitations include a $100 minimum payment, a limit on additional premium payments if they would prevent your certificate from meeting the definition of life insurance, and a requirement that increases in your monthly premium payment are subject to evidence of insurability.









Product Documentation Center
First, choose a product line from the drop-down list. Once a product line is selected,
                you will be given a list of products to choose from. After you select a product, follow the
                link to see a list of available documents for that product.

Product Line:



Product:





{{productCtrl.selectedProduct.productName}}
Product documentation can be found at this link.
Where available, documentation includes product prospectus, underlying fund prospectuses and annual reports, and product fund performance.


Fund Availability Tool for {{productCtrl.selectedProduct.productName}}
A fund availability tool is provided to assist you in identifying sub-accounts available to include Designated Funds and BYOP where applicable.
The tool can be found here.
Fund Availability Tool User's Guide











 * Delaware Life Insurance Company is authorized to transact business in all states except New York, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands.  Delaware Life Insurance Company of New York is authorized to transact business in New York and Rhode Island.  Both companies are members of the Delaware Life group of companies.  Each company is responsible for its own financial condition and contractual obligations.

 






Back to top


















DELAWARE LIFE VARIABLE ACCOUNT C Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      DELAWARE LIFE VARIABLE ACCOUNT C
                    

•   WALTHAM, MA
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Delaware Life Variable Account C is based out of Waltham.   
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from DELAWARE LIFE VARIABLE ACCOUNT C, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




delaware life variable account c


1601 TRAPELO ROAD

WALTHAM
MA
                                                        
                                                    02451


                                                      Business Phone:
                                                      7817908774







Recent SEC Filings




24F-2NT/A filed on 03/30/2017
24F-2NT filed on 03/29/2017
NSAR-U filed on 02/27/2017
24F-2NT/A filed on 01/12/2017
24F-2NT/A filed on 12/22/2016
24F-2NT filed on 03/29/2016
NSAR-U filed on 02/23/2016
497 filed on 10/05/2015
497 filed on 05/13/2015
24F-2NT filed on 03/18/2015
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...








Elevate your investments
Try it for free






















SEC Info - Delaware Life NY Variable Account D, et al. - ‘485BPOS’ on 5/26/04










SEC Info uses JavaScript!  To view pages properly, enable JavaScript in your browser.


    SEC Info      Home      Search      My Interests      Help      Sign In      Please Sign In




Delaware Life NY Variable Account D, et al. – ‘485BPOS’ on 5/26/04On:  Wednesday, 5/26/04, at 10:20am ET   ·   Effective:  5/26/04   ·   Accession #:  791683-4-18   ·   File #s:  811-04633, 333-105441
Previous ‘485BPOS’:  ‘485BPOS’ on 5/26/04   ·   Next:  ‘485BPOS’ on 5/2/05   ·   Latest:  ‘485BPOS’ on 5/1/17



  in 
this entire Filing.
an "Entity" Search.
  Show 
Docs searched
 and 
every "hit".
the 1st "hit".

Help... Wildcards:  ? (any letter),  * (many).  Logic:  for Docs:  & (and),  | (or);  for Text:  | (anywhere),  "(&)" (near).    ↓Bottom
 
T-->  As Of                Filer                Filing    For·On·As Docs:Size

 5/26/04  Delaware Life NY Var Account D    485BPOS     5/26/04    1:51K
          Sun Life NY Variable Account DF-->Post-Effective AmendmentFiling Table of Contents
Document/Exhibit                   Description                      Pages   Size 

 1: 485BPOS     Post-Effective Amendment                            HTML     68K 

D-->H-->This is an HTML Document rendered as filed.  [ Alternative Formats ]


P-->



  -----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----  

Registration No. 333-105441
811-04633
<R>
As Filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 26, 2004
</R>
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM N-6

REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933  [ X ]
Pre-Effective Amendment No. ____  [  ]
<R>

Post-Effective Amendment No._2___  [ X ]
</R>

and/or

REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT OF 1940  [ X ]
<R>
Amendment No._6___  [ X ]
</R>
Sun Life (N.Y.) Variable Account D
Registrant

Sun Life Insurance and Annuity Company of New York
Depositor
One Sun Life Executive Park
Wellesley Hills, Massachusetts 02481
Depositor's Address

1-866-702-6998
Depositor's Telephone Number
Edward M. Shea
Assistant Vice President and Senior Counsel
Sun Life Assurance Company of Canada (U.S.)
One Sun Life Executive Park
Wellesley Hills, Massachusetts 02481
Name and Address of Agent For Service
It is proposed that this filing will become effective (check appropriate box)


[  ]  immediately upon filing pursuant to paragraph (b) of Rule 485.

<R>


[ X ]  on May 26, 2004 pursuant to paragraph (b) of Rule 485.

</R>


[  ]  60 days after filing pursuant to paragraph (a)(1) of Rule 485.
[  ]  on May 1, 2004 pursuant to paragraph (a)(1) of Rule 485.
[  ]  This post-effective amendment designates a new effective date for a previously filed post-effective amendment.


 

 

PART A


<R>



This Amendment No. 2 to the Registration on Form N-6 (File Nos. 333-105441, 811-04633) is being filed pursuant to Rule 485(b) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, in order to add a supplement to the prospectus filed with Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement, which was filed on April 23, 2004.  This Amendment does not otherwise delete, amend or supersede any prospectus, statement of additional information, exhibit or other information contained in Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement.




SUPPLEMENT DATED MAY 26, 2004

TO

PROSPECTUS DATED APRIL 30, 2004

FOR

FUTURITY SURVIVORSHIP II VARIABLE UNIVERSAL LIFE INSURANCE

ISSUED BY SUN LIFE INSURANCE AND ANNUITY COMPANY OF NEW YORK

SUN LIFE (N.Y.) VARIABLE ACCOUNT D



I.	The Board of Trustees of Sun Capital Advisers Trust has voted to terminate and liquidate the following funds, effective August 6, 2004:  SCSM Alger Growth Fund, SCSM Alger Income & Growth Fund, SCSM Alger Small Capitalization Fund, SCSM Davis Financial Fund, SCSM Neuberger Berman Mid Cap Growth Fund, SCSM Neuberger Berman Mid Cap Value Fund, SCSM Value Equity Fund, SCSM Value Managed Fund, SCSM Value Mid Cap Fund, SCSM Investors Foundation Fund and SCSM Select Equity Fund.  Effective immediately, you may transfer your investment in the above funds to any other investment options available under your Policy.  Any such transfer will not count against the number of free transfers permitted in one Policy Year.  On the date of liquidation,
if you still have an investment in the above funds, your investment will be transferred to the Fidelity VIP Money Market Portfolio.

II.	On August 6, 2004, the Funds section is supplemented by the addition of the following investment options:

 The Alger American Fund (advised by Fred Alger Management, Inc.)

 	Alger American MidCap Growth Portfolio seeks long-term capital appreciation by investing primarily in equity securities, such as common or preferred stocks, which are listed on U.S. exchanges or in the over-the-counter market.  The portfolio focuses on mid-sized companies with promising growth potential.

Delaware Variable Insurance Products Trust (advised by Delaware Management Company)

 Delaware VIP Growth Opportunities Series seeks long-term capital appreciation by investing primarily in common stocks of medium-sized companies.

Dreyfus Investment Portfolios (advised by The Dreyfus Corporation)

 Dreyfus MidCap Stock Portfolio seeks investment results that are greater than the total return performance of publicly traded common stocks of medium-size domestic companies in the aggregate, as represented by the S&P MidCap 400(R) Index.

Goldman Sachs Variable Insurance Trust (advised by Goldman Sachs Asset Management, L.P.)
Goldman Sachs VIT Mid Cap Value Fund seeks long-term capital appreciation. Under normal circumstances, the Fund invests at least 80% of its net assets plus any borrowings for investment purposes (measured at time of purchase) in a diversified portfolio of equity investments in mid-cap issuers with public stock market capitalizations within the range of the market capitalization of companies constituting the Russell Midcap Value Index(R) at the time of investment.  If the market capitalization of a company held by the Fund moves outside this range, the Fund may, but is not required to, sell the securities.


 Lord Abbett Series Fund, Inc. (advised by Lord, Abbett & Co. LLC)


Lord Abbett Series Fund - Growth and Income Portfolio seeks to provide long-term growth of capital and income without excessive fluctuations in market value.
Lord Abbett Series Fund - Mid-Cap Value Portfolio seeks capital appreciation through investments, primarily in equity securities, which are believed to be undervalued in the marketplace.
MFS/Sun Life Series Trust (advised by Massachusetts Financial Services Company ("MFS"), a subsidiary of Sun Life of Canada (U.S.) Financial Services Holdings, Inc., which in turn is an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Sun Life Financial, Inc., a diversified financial services organization)
MFS/Sun Life Value Series seeks capital appreciation and reasonable income by investing primarily in income producing equity securities of companies that MFS believes are undervalued in the market relative to their long term potential.

Oppenheimer Variable Account Funds (advised by Oppenheimer Funds, Inc.)

Oppenheimer Capital Appreciation Fund/VA seeks capital appreciation by investing in securities of well-known, established companies.
PIMCO Variable Insurance Trust (advised by Pacific Investment Management Company LLC ("PIMCO"))
PIMCO Low Duration Portfolio seeks maximum total return, consistent with preservation of capital and prudent investment management.  The Portfolio seeks to achieve its investment objective by investing under normal circumstances at least 65% of its net assets in a diversified portfolio of Fixed Income Instruments of varying maturities.  The average portfolio duration of the Portfolio normally varies within a one to three year time frame based on PIMCO's forecast for interest rates.
Scudder Variable Series II (advised by Deutsche Asset Management, Inc.)
 SVS Dreman Small Cap Value Portfolio seeks long-term capital appreciation by investing at least 80% of net assets, plus the amount of any borrowings for investment purposes, in undervalued common stocks of small US companies, which the portfolio defines as companies that are similar in market value to those in the Russell 2000 Value Index.
T. Rowe Price Equity Series, Inc. (advised by T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc.)
T. Rowe Price Blue Chip Growth Portfolio seeks long-term capital growth by investing in high-quality U.S. growth companies.
Van Kampen Life Insurance Trust (advised by Van Kampen Asset Management Inc.)
Van Kampen LIT Growth and Income Portfolio seeks long-term growth of capital and income by investing primarily in income-producing equity securities, including common stocks and convertible securities; although investments are also made in non-convertible preferred stocks and debt securities.

III.	On August 6, 2004, the following funds will be closed to new premium and transfers:  AIM VI Core Equity Fund, AIM VI Growth Fund, AIM VI Premier Equity Fund, AllianceBernstein VP Technology Portfolio, INVESCO VIF Dynamics Fund, INVESCO VIF Small Company Growth Fund, MFS/Sun Life Capital Appreciation Series and MFS/Sun Life Emerging Growth Series.  If you attempt to invest in the above funds on or after the liquidation date, your payment and/or transfer will be directed to the Fidelity VIP Money Market Portfolio.
IV.	On August 6, 2004, the asset allocation vendor changes from Sun Capital Advisers to Ibbotson Associates, Inc.



THIS SUPPLEMENT SHOULD BE READ AND RETAINED FOR FUTURE REFERENCE.
</R>


PART C
ITEM 26.  EXHIBITS


A.	Resolution of the Board of Directors of Sun Life Insurance and Annuity Company of New York, dated April 24, 2003, authorizing the establishment of Sun Life (N.Y.) Variable Account D (Incorporated herein by reference to the Registration Statement of Sun Life (N.Y.) Variable Account D on Form N-6, File No. 333-105437, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 21, 2003.) 



B.	None.
C.	Form of Principal Underwriting Agreement between Sun Life Insurance and Annuity Company of New York and Clarendon Insurance Agency, Inc., dated February 1, 2003 (Incorporated herein by reference to the Registration Statement of Sun Life (N.Y.) Variable Account D on Form N-6, File No. 333-105437, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 21, 2003.) 
D.	(1) Form of Survivorship Flexible Premium Combination Fixed and Variable Life Insurance Policy (Incorporated herein by reference to the Registration Statement of Sun Life (N.Y.) Variable Account D on Form N-6, File No. 333-105441, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 21, 2003.)
(2) Form of Maturity Extension Rider (Incorporated herein by reference to the Registration Statement of Sun Life (N.Y.) Variable Account D on Form N-6, File No. 333-105441, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 21, 2003.)
(3) Form of Aviation Exclusion Endorsement (Incorporated herein by reference to the Registration Statement of Sun Life (N.Y.) Variable Account D on Form N-6, File No. 333-105441, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 21, 2003.)
E.	(1) Form of Application for Survivorship Flexible Premium Combination Fixed and Variable Life Insurance Policy (Incorporated herein by reference to the Registration Statement of Sun Life (N.Y.) Variable Account D on Form N-6, File No. 333-105437, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 21, 2003.) 
	(2) Form of Aviation Questionnaire Policy (Incorporated herein by reference to the Registration Statement of Sun Life (N.Y.) Variable Account D on Form N-6, File No. 333-105437, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 21, 2003.)
	(3) Form of Certificate of Insurability Policy (Incorporated herein by reference to the Registration Statement of Sun Life (N.Y.) Variable Account D on Form N-6, File No. 333-105437, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 21, 2003.)
	(4) Form of Personal Finance Questionnaire Policy (Incorporated herein by reference to the Registration Statement of Sun Life (N.Y.) Variable Account D on Form N-6, File No. 333-105437, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 21, 2003.)
F.	Declaration of Intent and Charter and By-Laws of Sun Life Insurance and Annuity Company of New York (Incorporated herein by reference to Post-Effective Amendment No. 4 to the Registration Statement of Sun Life (N.Y.) Variable Account C on Form N-4, File No. 333-05037, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 29, 2000.)
G.	Form of Reinsurance Contract.  (Incorporated herein by reference to the Registration Statement of Sun Life of Canada (U.S.) Variable Account I on Form N-6, File No. 333-100829, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 30, 2002.)


H.  (1)(a)  Participation Agreement by and among AIM Variable Insurance Funds, Inc., AIM Distributors, Inc., Sun Life Assurance Company of Canada (U.S.), and Clarendon Insurance Agency, Inc. (Incorporated herein by reference to Post-Effective Amendment No. 5 to the Registration Statement of Sun Life of Canada (U.S.) Variable Account G on Form S-6, File No. 333-13087, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 29, 1999.)
(1)(b)  Amendment No. 1 to Participation Agreement by and among AIM Variable Insurance Funds, Inc., AIM Distributors, Inc., Sun Life Assurance Company of Canada (U.S.), and Clarendon Insurance Agency, Inc. (Incorporated herein by reference to Post-Effective Amendment No. 5 to the Registration Statement of Sun Life of Canada (U.S.) Variable Account G on Form S-6, File No. 333-13087, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 29, 1999.)
(1)(c)  Amendment No. 2 to Participation Agreement by and among AIM Variable Insurance Funds, Inc., AIM Distributors, Inc., Sun Life Assurance Company of Canada (U.S.), and Clarendon Insurance Agency, Inc. (Incorporated herein by reference to Post-Effective Amendment No. 5 to the Registration Statement of Sun Life of Canada (U.S.) Variable Account G on Form S-6, File No. 333-13087, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 29, 1999.)
(1)(d)  Amendment No. 6 to Participation Agreement by and among AIM Variable Insurance Funds, Inc., AIM Distributors, Inc., Sun Life Assurance Company of Canada (U.S.), and Clarendon Insurance Agency, Inc. (Incorporated herein by reference to Post-Effective Amendment No. 3 to the Registration Statement of Sun Life of Canada (U.S.) Variable Account I on Form S-6, File No. 333-94359, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 26, 2002.)
(1)(e)  Amendment No. 8 to Participation Agreement by and among AIM Variable Insurance Funds, Inc., AIM Distributors, Inc., Sun Life Assurance Company of Canada (U.S.), and Clarendon Insurance Agency, Inc. (Incorporated herein by reference to Post-Effective Amendment No. 4 to the Registration Statement of Sun Life of Canada (U.S.) Variable Account G on Form N-6, File No. 333-65048, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 1, 2002.)
(2)(a)  Participation Agreement by and among Sun Capital Advisers Trust, Sun Capital Advisers, Inc. and Sun Life Assurance Company of Canada (U.S.) (Incorporated herein by reference to Post-Effective Amendment No. 5 to the Registration Statement of Sun Life of Canada (U.S.) Variable Account G on Form S-6, File No. 333-13087, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 29, 1999.)
(2)(b)  Amendment No. 1 to Participation Agreement by and among Sun Capital Advisers Trust, Sun Capital Advisers, Inc., and Sun Life Assurance Company of Canada (U.S.) (Incorporated herein by reference to Post-Effective Amendment No. 5 to the Registration Statement of Sun Life of Canada (U.S.) Variable Account G on Form S-6, File No. 333-13087, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 29, 1999.)
(2)(c)  Amendment No. 2 to Participation Agreement by and among Sun Life Assurance Company of Canada (U.S.), Sun Capital Advisers Trust, and Sun Capital Advisers, Inc. (Incorporated herein by reference to Post-Effective Amendment No. 3 to the Registration Statement of Sun Life of Canada (U.S.) Variable Account I on Form S-6, File No. 333-94359, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 26, 2002.)
(3)(a)  Participation Agreement by and among Sun Life Assurance Company of Canada (U.S.), Variable Insurance Products Fund and Fidelity Distributors Corporation (Incorporated herein by reference to Post-Effective Amendment No. 3 to the Registration Statement of Sun Life of Canada (U.S.) Variable Account I on Form S-6, File No. 333-94359, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 26, 2002.)
(3)(b)  Amendment No. 1 to Participation Agreement by and among Sun Life Assurance Company of Canada (U.S.), Variable Insurance Products Fund and Fidelity Distributors Corporation (Incorporated herein by reference to Post-Effective Amendment No. 3 to the Registration Statement of Sun Life of Canada (U.S.) Variable Account I on Form S-6, File No. 333-94359, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 26, 2002.)
(3)(c)  Amendment No. 2 to Participation Agreement by and among Sun Life Assurance Company of Canada (U.S.), Variable Insurance Products Fund and Fidelity Distributors Corporation (Incorporated herein by reference to Post-Effective Amendment No. 3 to the Registration Statement of Sun Life of Canada (U.S.) Variable Account I on Form S-6, File No. 333-94359, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 26, 2002.)
(3)(d)  Amendment No. 4 to Participation Agreement by and among Sun Life Assurance Company of Canada (U.S.), Variable Insurance Products Fund and Fidelity Distributors Corporation. (Incorporated herein by reference to Post-Effective Amendment No. 4 to the Registration Statement of Sun Life of Canada (U.S.) Variable Account G on Form N-6, File No. 333-65048, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 1, 2002.)
(4)(a) Participation Agreement by and among Sun Life Assurance Company of Canada (U.S.), Clarendon Insurance Agency, Inc., Alliance Capital Management L.P. and Alliance Fund Distributors, Inc. (Incorporated herein by reference to Post-Effective Amendment No. 3 to the Registration Statement of Sun Life of Canada (U.S.) Variable Account I on Form S-6, File No. 333-94359, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 26, 2002.)
(4)(b)  Amendment No. 3 to Participation Agreement by and among Sun Life Assurance Company of Canada (U.S.), Alliance Capital Management L.P. and Alliance Fund Distributors, Inc. (Incorporated herein by reference to Post-Effective Amendment No. 4 to the Registration Statement of Sun Life of Canada (U.S.) Variable Account G on Form N-6, File No. 333-65048, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 1, 2002.)
(5)  Participation Agreement, dated as of May 1, 2000, by and among the Franklin Templeton Variable Insurance Products Trust, Franklin Templeton Distributors, Inc, and Sun Life Assurance Company of Canada (U.S.) (Incorporated herein by reference to Post-Effective Amendment No. 7 to the Registration Statement of Sun Life of Canada (U.S.) Variable Account G on Form S-6, File No. 333-13087, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 30, 2001.)
(6)(a)  Participation Agreement by and among Goldman Sachs Variable Insurance Trust, Goldman, Sachs & Co., and Sun Life Assurance Company of Canada (U.S.) (Incorporated herein by reference to Pre-Effective Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement of Sun Life of Canada (U.S.) Variable Account I on Form S-6, File No. 333-68601, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 9, 1998.)
(6)(b)  Amendment No. 5 to Participation Agreement by and among Goldman Sachs Variable Insurance Trust, Goldman, Sachs & Co., and Sun Life Assurance Company of Canada (U.S.) (Incorporated herein by reference to Post-Effective Amendment No. 3 to the Registration Statement of Sun Life of Canada (U.S.) Variable Account I on Form S-6, File No. 333-94359, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 26, 2002.)
(6)(c)  Amendment No. 7 to Participation Agreement by and among Goldman Sachs Variable Insurance Trust, Goldman, Sachs & Co., and Sun Life Assurance Company of Canada (U.S.). (Incorporated herein by reference to Post-Effective Amendment No. 4 to the Registration Statement of Sun Life of Canada (U.S.) Variable Account G on Form N-6, File No. 333-65048, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 1, 2002.)
(7)(a)  Participation Agreement by and among Sun Life Assurance Company of Canada (U.S.), INVESCO Variable Investment Funds, Inc., INVESCO Funds Group, Inc. and INVESCO Distributors, Inc. (Incorporated herein by reference to Post-Effective Amendment No. 3 to the Registration Statement of Sun Life of Canada (U.S.) Variable Account I on Form S-6, File No. 333-94359, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 26, 2002.)
(7)(b)  Amendment No. 1 to Participation Agreement by and among Sun Life Assurance Company of Canada (U.S.), INVESCO Variable Investment Funds, Inc., INVESCO Funds Group, Inc. and INVESCO Distributors, Inc. (Incorporated herein by reference to Post-Effective Amendment No. 3 to the Registration Statement of Sun Life of Canada (U.S.) Variable Account I on Form S-6, File No. 333-94359, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 26, 2002.)
(7)(c)  Amendment No. 4 to Participation Agreement by and among Sun Life Assurance Company of Canada (U.S.), INVESCO Variable Investment Funds, Inc., INVESCO Funds Group, Inc. and INVESCO Distributors, Inc). (Incorporated herein by reference to Post-Effective Amendment No. 4 to the Registration Statement of Sun Life of Canada (U.S.) Variable Account G on Form N-6, File No. 333-65048, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 1, 2002.)
(8)(a)  Participation Agreement by and among MFS/Sun Life Series Trust, Sun Life Assurance Company of Canada (U.S.), and Massachusetts Financial Services Company (Incorporated herein by reference to Pre-Effective Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement of Sun Life of Canada (U.S.) Variable Account G on Form S-6, File No. 333-13087, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 22, 1997.)
(8)(b)  Amendment No. 4 to Participation Agreement by and among MFS/Sun Life Series Trust, Sun Life Assurance Company of Canada (U.S.), and Massachusetts Financial Services Company (Incorporated herein by reference to Post-Effective Amendment No. 3 to the Registration Statement of Sun Life of Canada (U.S.) Variable Account I on Form S-6, File No. 333-94359, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 26, 2002.)
(9)  Participation Agreement by and among Sun Life Assurance Company of Canada (U.S.), Deutsche Asset Management VIT Funds and Deutsche Asset Management, Inc. (Incorporated herein by reference to Post-Effective Amendment No. 2 to the Registration Statement of Sun Life of Canada (U.S.) Variable Account G on Form S-6, File No. 333-65048, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 3, 2002.)
(10)	Participation Agreement by and among Sun Life Assurance Company of Canada (U.S.), Sun Life Insurance and Annuity Company of New York, PIMCO Variable Insurance Trust and PIMCO Funds Distributors LLC. (Incorporated herein by reference to Post-Effective Amendment No. 3 to the Registration Statement of Sun Life of Canada (U.S.) Variable Account I on Form N-6, File No. 333-59662, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 26, 2003.)


I.	Form of Administrative Services Agreement  by and between Sun Life Assurance Company of Canada, Sun Life Assurance Company of Canada (U.S.) and Sun Life Insurance and Annuity Company of New York, dated November 21, 2000 (Incorporated herein by reference to the Registration Statement of Sun Life (N.Y.) Variable Account D on Form N-6, File No. 333-105437, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 21, 2003.) 
J.	(1)	Powers of Attorney. (Incorporated herein by reference to Post-Effective Amendment No. 3 to the Registration Statement of Keyport Variable Account A on Form N-4, File No. 333-100457, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 23, 2004.)
	(2)	Resolution of the Board of Directors of the Depositor dated July 24, 2003, authorizing the use of Powers of Attorney for Officer signatures. (Incorporated herein by reference to Post-Effective Amendment No. 3 to the Registration Statement of Keyport Variable Account A on Form N-4, File No. 333-100457, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 23, 2004.)
K.	Legal Opinion. (Incorporated herein by reference to Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement of Sun Life (N.Y.) Variable Account D on Form N-6, File No. 333-105441, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 23, 2004.)


L.	None.
M.	None.


N.	Independent Auditor's Consent. (Incorporated herein by reference to Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement of Sun Life (N.Y.) Variable Account D on Form N-6, File No. 333-105441, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 23, 2004.)


O.	None.
P.	None.
Q.	None.
ITEM 27.  DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS OF THE DEPOSITOR


Name and

Principal Positions and Officers


Business Address

With Depositor 

 
 


C. James Prieur

Chairman and Director


150 King Street West
 


Toronto, Ontario
 


Canada M5H 1J9
 

 
 


Donald A. Stewart

Director


150 King Street West
 


Toronto, Ontario
 


Canada M5H 1J9
 

 
 


Robert C. Salipante

President and Director


One Sun Life Executive Park
 


Wellesley Hills, MA 02481
 

 
 


David D. Horn

Director


257 Lake Street
 


P.O. Box 24
 


New Vineyard, ME 04956
 

 
 


James A. McNulty, III

Director


12 Wild Holly Lane
 


Medfield, MA 02052
 

 
 


S. Caesar Raboy

Director


220 Boylston Street
 


Boston, MA 02110
 

 
 


William W. Stinson

Director


1001 13th Avenue S.W.
 


Calgary, Alberta
 


Canada T2R 0L5
 

 
 


Donald B. Henderson, Jr.

Director


125 West 55th Street
 


New York, NY 10019
 

 
 


Peter R. O'Flinn

Director


125 West 55th Street
 


New York, NY 10019
 

 
 


James C. Baillie

Director


Torys Suite 300, Maritime Life Tower
 


Toronto, Ontario 
 


Canada MSK 1N2
 

 
 


Fioravante G. Perrota

Director


4231 Crayton Road
 


Naples, FL 34103
 

 
 


Barbara Z. Shattuck

Director


Shattuck Hammond Partners LLC
 


630 Fifth Avenue, Suite 2950
 


New York, NY 10019
 

 
 


David K. Stevenson

Director


359 Grove Street
 


Needham, MA 02492
 

 
 


Leila Heckman

Director


Heckman Global Advisors
 


230 Park Avenue, Suite 865
 


New York, NY 10169
 

 
 


James M.A. Anderson

Vice President, Investments


One Sun Life Executive Park
 


Wellesley Hills, MA 02481
 


<R>
</R>

 


Gary Corsi

Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer


One Sun Life Executive Park
 


Wellesley Hills, MA 02481
 

 
 


Claude A. Accum

Vice President and Chief Actuary


One Sun Life Executive Park
 


Wellesley Hills, MA 02481
 

 
 


Michael E. Shunney

Vice President, Group Insurance


One Sun Life Executive Park
 


Wellesley Hills, MA 02481
 

 
 


Ellen B. King

Assistant Vice President and Senior Counsel and 


One Sun Life Executive Park

Secretary


Wellesley Hills, MA 02481
 

 
 


Mark W. DeTora

Vice President, Individual


One Sun Life Executive Park
 


Wellesley Hills, MA 02481
 

 
 


Janet V. Whitehouse

Vice President, Human Resources and 


One Sun Life Executive Park

Public Relations


Wellesley Hills, MA 02481
 



ITEM 28.  PERSONS CONTROLLED BY OR UNDER COMMON CONTROL WITH THE DEPOSITOR OR THE REGISTRANT
No person is directly or indirectly controlled by the Registrant.  The Registrant is a separate account of Sun Life Insurance and Annuity Company of New York, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sun Life of Canada (U.S.) Holdings, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sun Life Assurance Company of Canada - U.S. Operations Holdings, Inc., which is in turn a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sun Life Assurance Company of Canada.
The organization chart of Sun Life Assurance Company of Canada is filed as Exhibit 13 to the Registration Statement on Form N-4 of Keyport Variable Account A, File Nos. 333-114126, 811-07543, filed April 1, 2004.
None of the companies listed in such Exhibit 13 is a subsidiary of the Registrant; therefore, the only financial statements being filed are those of Sun Life Insurance and Annuity Company of New York.

ITEM 29.  INDEMNIFICATION
Article 5, Section 5.6 of the by-laws of Sun Life Insurance and Annuity Company of New York, a copy of which was filed as Exhibit A(6)(b) to the Registration Statement of Sun Life (N.Y.) Variable Account C on Form N-8B-2 (File No. 811-4440), provides for indemnification of directors, officers and employees of Sun Life Insurance and Annuity Company of New York.
Insofar as indemnification for liability arising under the Securities Act of 1933 may be permitted to directors, officers and controlling persons of Sun Life Insurance and Annuity Company of New York pursuant to the certificate of incorporation, by-laws, or otherwise, Sun Life (N.Y.) has been advised that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Act and is, therefore, unenforceable.  In the event that a claim for indemnification against such liabilities (other than the payment by Sun Life (N.Y.) of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer, controlling person of Sun Life (N.Y.) in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, Sun Life (N.Y.) will, unless in the opinion of their counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court
of appropriate jurisdiction the question whether such indemnification by them is against public policy as expressed in the Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such issue.
ITEM 30.  PRINCIPAL UNDERWRITERS
<R>
Clarendon Insurance Agency, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sun Life Assurance Company of Canada (U.S.), acts as general distributor for the Registrant, Sun Life of Canada (U.S.) Variable Accounts C, D, E, G, H and I, Keyport Variable Account A, KMA Variable Account, Keyport Variable Account I, KBL Variable Account A, KBL Variable Annuity Account, Sun Life (N.Y.) Variable Accounts A, B,  C, and D and Money Market Variable Account, High Yield Variable Account, Capital Appreciation Variable Account, Government Securities Variable Account, World Governments Variable Account, Total Return Variable Account, and Managed Sectors Variable Account.



Name and Principal

Position and Offices


Business Address*

with Underwriter

 
 


Imants Sakson 

President


James M.A. Anderson

Director


Gary Corsi

Director


Ellen B. King

Clerk


George E. Madden

Vice President & Chief Compliance Officer


Michael L. Gentile

Vice President


John E. Coleman

Vice President


Nancy C. Atherton

Assistant Vice President & Tax Officer


Jane F. Jette

Financial/Operations Principal and Treasurer



*The principal business address of all directors and officers of the principal underwriter is One Sun Life Executive Park, Wellesley Hills, Massachusetts 02481.
</R>
ITEM 31.  LOCATION OF ACCOUNTS AND RECORDS
Accounts, books and other documents required to be maintained by Section 31(a) of the Investment Company Act of 1940 and the Rules promulgated thereunder are maintained by Sun Life Insurance and Annuity Company of New York, in whole or in part, at its Home Office at 122 East 42nd Street, Suite 1900, New York, New York 10017, at the offices of Clarendon Insurance Agency, Inc., at One Sun Life Executive Park, Wellesley Hills, Massachusetts 02481
or at the offices of Sun Life Assurance Company of Canada (U.S.), at One Sun Life Executive Park, Wellesley Hills, Massachusetts 02481.
ITEM 32.  MANAGEMENT SERVICES
Not applicable.
ITEM 33.  FEE REPRESENTATION
Sun Life Insurance and Annuity Company of New York hereby represents that the aggregate fees and charges under the Policy are reasonable in relation to the services rendered, the expenses expected to be incurred, and the risks assumed by Sun Life Insurance and Annuity Company of New York.
 

<R>
SIGNATURES
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, the registrant certifies that it meets all of the requirements of Securities Act Rule 485(b) for effectiveness of this Post-Effective Amendment to the Registration Statement and that it has duly caused this Post-Effective Amendment to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized, and attested, all in the city of Wellesley Hills, and the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, on the 26th day of May, 2004.








SUN LIFE (N.Y.) VARIABLE ACCOUNT D
(Registrant)

By:  SUN LIFE INSURANCE AND ANNUITY COMPANY OF NEW YORK
(Depositor)

By:  */s/ Robert C. Salipante
Robert C. Salipante, President









Attest:  /s/ Edward M. Shea
Edward M. Shea
Assistant Vice President and
Senior Counsel
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, this registration statement has been signed by the following persons and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.


*/s/ Robert C. Salipante
Robert C. Salipante


President and Director
(Principal Executive Officer)
 


*/s/ Gary Corsi
Gary Corsi


Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial & Accounting Officer)
 


*/s/ Donald A. Stewart
Donald A. Stewart


Director
 


*/s/ C. James Prieur
C. James Prieur


Chairman and Director
 


*/s/ Donald B. Henderson, Jr.
Donald B. Henderson, Jr.


Director
 


*/s/ David D. Horn
David D. Horn


Director
 


*/s/ James A. McNulty, III
James A. McNulty, III


Director
 


*/s/ S. Caesar Raboy
S. Caesar Raboy


Director
 


*/s/ William W. Stinson
William W. Stinson


Director
 


By:  /s/ Edward M. Shea
Edward M. Shea, Attorney-In-Fact
 

May 26, 2004



*By Edward M. Shea pursuant to Powers of Attorney (Incorporated by reference to the Registration Statement on Form N-4 (File No. 333-100457) filed on April 23, 2004.)

</R>

R-->Dates Referenced Herein   and   Documents Incorporated by Reference
This ‘485BPOS’ Filing    Date    Other Filings8/6/04Filed on / Effective on:5/26/04485BPOS4/30/044974/23/04485BPOS7/24/035/21/03N-64/24/032/26/032/1/0310/30/0210/1/027/3/024/26/024/30/0111/21/005/1/003/29/004/29/9912/9/981/22/97 List all Filings 
↑TopFiling Submission 0000791683-04-000018   –   Alternative Formats (Word / Rich Text, HTML, Plain Text, et al.)
Copyright © 2017 Fran Finnegan & Company.  All Rights Reserved.About – Privacy – Redactions – Help —
Fri, 28 Jul 11:31:57.0 GMT 
