










 







Delphin McDonnaugh Securities - Investing- Mcdonnaugh  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









Delphin McDonnaugh Securities

      Industry: Investing
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    2425 Grand Ave  
    Baldwin, NY, 11510Phone: 516-442-1071 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-11-07


New


Yet to Sell


$0


Equity and Debt


05


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Andre Mcdonnaugh 
 Executive 





















 




Delphin McDonnaugh Securities SEC Filings





















BizPedia.xyz  - We monitor changes in companies
 






Delphin McDonnaugh Securities


FREE EMAIL WATCHDOG
Get free email notifications about news in Delphin McDonnaugh Securities.










The service is free and you can unsubscribe at any time.

General | People (1) | Filings (1) | Investment rounds (1)
Delphin McDonnaugh Securities SEC Filings


Filings


Filing dateFormDescriptionQuarterYear
 2016-11-07D42016view

    Page:  
     1 





Form 10-K
A 10-K is a comprehensive summary report of a company's performance that must be submitted annually to the Securities and Exchange Commission. Typically, the 10-K contains much more detail than the annual report. It includes information such as company history, organizational structure, equity, holdings, earnings per share, subsidiaries, etc. 

The 10-K must be filed within 60 days (it used to be 90 days) after the end of the fiscal year.
Form 10-K/A
Amended Form 10-K
Form 10-Q
The SEC form 10-Q is a comprehensive report of a company's performance that must be submitted quarterly by all public companies to the Securities and Exchange Commission. In the 10-Q, firms are required to disclose relevant information regarding their financial position. The form must be submitted on time, and the information should be available to all interested parties. 

The 10-Q is due 35 days (it used to be 45 days) after each of the first three fiscal quarters. There is no filing after the fourth quarter because that is when the 10-K is filed.
Form 10-Q/A
Amended Form 10-Q
Form 3
A document that must be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) by an insider affiliated with a public company's operation or by any investor owning 10% or more of the company's outstanding shares

This document must be filed with the SEC no later than 10 days after an insider becomes affiliated with a company, and it must be filed for each company in which a person is an insider, regardless of whether or not the insider has an equity position in the company at that time.
Form 3/A
Amended Form 3
Form 4
A Form 4 is a document that must be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) whenever there is a material change in the holdings of company insiders. Insiders required to submit a Form 4 include directors and officers of the company as well as any shareholders owning 10% or more of the company's outstanding stock.

This two-page document covers any buy-and-sell orders on the open market as well as the exercise of company stock options. A Form 4 is mandatory within two business days starting from the end of the day the material transaction occurred. This filing is related to Form 3 and the Form 5, which also cover changes to the company insider holdings.
Form 4/A
Amended Form 4
Form 5
The annual statement of beneficial ownership of securities.
Form 5/A
Amended Form 5
Form 8-K
An 8-K is a report of unscheduled material events or corporate changes at a company that could be of importance to the shareholders or the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Examples of events reported on an 8-K include acquisition, bankruptcy, resignation of directors, or a change in the fiscal year. Also known as Form 8k.
Form D
A filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) required for companies that are selling securities in reliance on a Regulation D exemption or Section 4(6) exemption provisions. 

Form D is a brief notice of a company's executive officers and stock promoters, in lieu of the regular reports required when no exemption under Regulation D exists. 

Form D must be filed no later than 15 days after the first sale of securities.

Form D is also known as the Notice of Sale of Securities and is a requirement under Regulation D, Section 4(6) and/or the Uniform Limited Offering Exemption of the Securities Exchange Act of 1933. 

This act, often referred to as the "truth in securities" law, requires that these registration forms, providing essential facts, are filed to disclose important information upon registration of a company's securities. This helps the SEC achieve the objectives of this act - requiring investors to receive significant information regarding securities offered and prohibiting fraud in the sale of the offered securities.
Form D/A
Amended Form D
Form DEF 14A
A filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) that must be filed by or on behalf of a registrant when a shareholder vote is required. SEC Form DEF 14A is most commonly used in conjunction with an annual meeting proxy. The form should provide security holders with sufficient information to allow them to make an informed vote at an upcoming security holders' meeting or to authorize a proxy to vote on their behalf. It includes information about the date, time and place of the meeting of security holders; revocability of proxy; dissenter's right of appraisal; persons making the solicitation; direct or indirect interest of certain persons in matters to be acted upon; modification or exchange of securities; financial statements; voting procedures; and other details. 

All other filed by non-management definitive proxy statements - typically an annual meeting proxy.

Form DEF 14A, which is also known as "definitive proxy statement", is required under Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. This form is filed with the SEC when a definitive proxy statement is given to shareholders and helps the SEC ensure that shareholders' rights are upheld.
Form S-1
The SEC form S-1 is the initial registration form for new securities required by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) for public companies. Any security that meets the criteria must have an S-1 filing before shares can be listed on a national exchange. 

Form S-1 requires companies to provide information on the planned use of capital proceeds, detail the current business model and competition, as well provide a a brief prospectus of the planned security itself, offering price methodology, and any dilution that will occur to other listed securities. The SEC also requires the disclosure of any material business dealings between the company and its directors and outside counsel. 

Form S-1 is also known as the "Registration Statement Under the Securities Exchange Act of 1933". 

Investors can view S-1 filings online to perform due diligence on new offerings prior to their issue. The form is sometimes amended as material information changes or general market conditions cause a delay in the offering. 

The Securities Exchange Act of 1933, often referred to as the "truth in securities" law, requires that these registration forms are filed to disclose important information upon registration of a company's securities. This helps the SEC achieve the objectives of this act, which is requiring investors to receive significant information regarding securities offered, and to prohibit fraud in the sale of the offered securities. 

A less rigid registration form is the S-3, which is for companies that don't have the same ongoing reporting requirements.
















 







Delphin McDonnaugh Securities - company directors, founders, board of directors





















BizPedia.xyz  - We monitor changes in companies
 






Delphin McDonnaugh Securities


FREE EMAIL WATCHDOG
Get free email notifications about news in Delphin McDonnaugh Securities.










The service is free and you can unsubscribe at any time.

General | People (1) | Filings (1) | Investment rounds (1)
Delphin McDonnaugh Securities - company directors, founders, board of directors


NameStreetCityCountryandre  mcdonnaugh2425 grand ave baldwinNY 













 







Delphin McDonnaugh Securities, BizPedia.xyz - We monitor changes in companies





















BizPedia.xyz  - We monitor changes in companies
 






Delphin McDonnaugh Securities


FREE EMAIL WATCHDOG
Get free email notifications about news in Delphin McDonnaugh Securities.










The service is free and you can unsubscribe at any time.

General | People (1) | Filings (1) | Investment rounds (1)
CIK Number: 0001689363IRS Number: 473595110Delphin McDonnaugh Securities is on the market less than 5 years.

Delphin McDonnaugh Securities address2425 GRAND AVEBALDWIN 11510
Company jurisdiction
DELAWARE  
  Entity type
Limited Liability Company 
Earliest known filing
November 2016
Latest known filing
November 2016




Company filings
SEC filings are a great source of information for companies including investments, company events, and all sorts of other information. 
Delphin McDonnaugh Securities has 1 filings. View Delphin McDonnaugh Securities filings.
Investment RoundsDelphin McDonnaugh Securities recieved 1 investments.
PeopleWe have found 1 people related to Delphin McDonnaugh Securities.
Similar companiesDELPHIN DYNAMIC ALLOCATION FUND LTD., Delphine Real Estate Advisory Group Ltd, Delphinus Medical Technologies, Inc., DELPHINUS TECHNOLOGIES INC














BizPedia.xyz collect news, financial information, SEC filings, stock information, contact information, personal information, information about investments, etc. about Delphin McDonnaugh Securities. 







Delphin McDonnaugh Securities $1,000,000 Financing | Newest SEC Filings

















Newest Filings











Delphin McDonnaugh Securities $1,000,000 Financing
Delphin McDonnaugh Securities just submitted form D announcing $1,000,000 debt equity financing.  This is a new filing. Delphin McDonnaugh Securities was able to sell $0. That is 0% of the round of financing. The total private offering amount was $1,000,000. The financing was made by 0 investors. Minimal accepted investment was $5,000. The financing document was filed on 2016-11-07. Delphin McDonnaugh Securities is based in  2425 GRAND AVE  BALDWIN 11510. The firm's business is Investing. The firm's revenue range is $1 - $1,000,000. The form was signed by  andre mcdonnaugh.





SEC FORM D


The Securities and Exchange Commission has not necessarily reviewed the information in this filing and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.The reader should not assume that the information is accurate and complete.



UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSIONWashington, D.C. 20549FORM DNotice of Exempt Offering of Securities


OMB APPROVAL


OMB Number:
3235-0076

Estimated average burden

hours per response:
4.00






1. Issuer's Identity


CIK (Filer ID Number)
Previous Names

X
None

Entity Type


0001689363




  
Corporation


  
Limited Partnership


X
Limited Liability Company


  
General Partnership


  
Business Trust


  
Other (Specify)





Name of Issuer
Delphin McDonnaugh Securities
Jurisdiction of Incorporation/Organization
DELAWARE
Year of Incorporation/Organization


  
Over Five Years Ago


X
Within Last Five Years (Specify Year)
2015


  
Yet to Be Formed



2. Principal Place of Business and Contact Information

Name of Issuer
Delphin McDonnaugh Securities

Street Address 1
Street Address 2

2425 GRAND AVE

City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/PostalCode
Phone Number of Issuer


BALDWIN
NEW YORK
11510
516-442-1071


3. Related Persons


Last Name
First Name
Middle Name


mcdonnaugh
andre


Street Address 1
Street Address 2

2425 grand ave

City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/PostalCode


baldwin
NEW YORK
11510



Relationship:
X
Executive Officer
  
Director
  
Promoter

Clarification of Response (if Necessary):

4. Industry Group



  
Agriculture



Banking & Financial Services





  
Commercial Banking


  
Insurance


X
Investing


  
Investment Banking


  
Pooled Investment Fund







Is the issuer registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940? 




  
Yes
  
No



  
Other Banking & Financial Services




  
Business Services



Energy




  
Coal Mining





  
Electric Utilities





  
Energy Conservation





  
Environmental Services





  
Oil & Gas





  
Other Energy






Health Care




  
Biotechnology





  
Health Insurance





  
Hospitals & Physicians





  
Pharmaceuticals





  
Other Health Care



  
Manufacturing



Real Estate




  
Commercial





  
Construction





  
REITS & Finance





  
Residential





  
Other Real Estate





  
Retailing


  
Restaurants



Technology




  
Computers





  
Telecommunications





  
Other Technology




Travel




  
Airlines & Airports





  
Lodging & Conventions





  
Tourism & Travel Services





  
Other Travel



  
Other



5. Issuer Size










Revenue Range
OR
Aggregate Net Asset Value Range


  
No Revenues
  
No Aggregate Net Asset Value


X
$1 - $1,000,000
  
$1 - $5,000,000


  
$1,000,001 - $5,000,000
  
$5,000,001 - $25,000,000


  
$5,000,001 - $25,000,000
  
$25,000,001 - $50,000,000


  
$25,000,001 - $100,000,000
  
$50,000,001 - $100,000,000


  
Over $100,000,000
  
Over $100,000,000


  
Decline to Disclose
  
Decline to Disclose


  
Not Applicable
  
Not Applicable



6. Federal Exemption(s) and Exclusion(s) Claimed (select all that apply)



  
Rule 504(b)(1) (not (i), (ii) or (iii))


  
Rule 504 (b)(1)(i)


  
Rule 504 (b)(1)(ii)


  
Rule 504 (b)(1)(iii)


X
Rule 505


  
Rule 506(b)


  
Rule 506(c)


  
Securities Act Section 4(a)(5)




  
Investment Company Act Section 3(c)


  
Section 3(c)(1)
  
Section 3(c)(9)  


  
Section 3(c)(2)
  
Section 3(c)(10)


  
Section 3(c)(3)
  
Section 3(c)(11)


  
Section 3(c)(4)
  
Section 3(c)(12)


  
Section 3(c)(5)
  
Section 3(c)(13)


  
Section 3(c)(6)
  
Section 3(c)(14)


  
Section 3(c)(7)



7. Type of Filing


X
New Notice

Date of First Sale

X
First Sale Yet to Occur


  
Amendment


8. Duration of Offering

Does the Issuer intend this offering to last more than one year?


X
Yes
  
No


9. Type(s) of Securities Offered (select all that apply)









X
Equity
  
Pooled Investment Fund Interests


X
Debt
  
Tenant-in-Common Securities


  
Option, Warrant or Other Right to Acquire Another Security
  
Mineral Property Securities


  
Security to be Acquired Upon Exercise of Option, Warrant or Other Right to Acquire Security
  
Other (describe)







10. Business Combination Transaction

Is this offering being made in connection with a business combination transaction, such as a merger, acquisition or exchange offer?


  
Yes
X
No


Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
11. Minimum Investment

Minimum investment accepted from any outside investor

$5,000

USD

12. Sales Compensation


Recipient

Recipient CRD Number
  
None



andre mcdonnaugh
1446177



(Associated) Broker or Dealer
X
None


(Associated) Broker or Dealer CRD Number
X
None



None
None


Street Address 1
Street Address 2

2425 grand ave

City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/Postal Code


baldwin
NEW YORK
11510



State(s) of Solicitation (select all that apply)Check “All States” or check individual States
X
All States


  
Foreign/non-US





13. Offering and Sales Amounts


Total Offering Amount

$1,000,000

USD

or
  
Indefinite



Total Amount Sold

$0

USD


Total Remaining to be Sold

$1,000,000

USD

or
  
Indefinite



Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
14. Investors


X
Select if securities in the offering have been or may be sold to persons who do not qualify as accredited investors, and enter the number of such non-accredited investors who already have invested in the offering.
35



Regardless of whether securities in the offering have been or may be sold to persons who do not qualify as accredited investors, enter the total number of investors who already have invested in the offering:
0


15. Sales Commissions & Finder's Fees Expenses
Provide separately the amounts of sales commissions and finders fees expenses, if any. If the amount of an expenditure is not known, provide an estimate and check the box next to the amount.


Sales Commissions

$50,000

USD

X
Estimate



Finders' Fees

$25,000

USD

X
Estimate



Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
16. Use of Proceeds
Provide the amount of the gross proceeds of the offering that has been or is proposed to be used for payments to any of the persons required to be named as executive officers, directors or promoters in response to Item 3 above. If the amount is unknown, provide an estimate and check the box next to the amount.



$200,000

USD

X
Estimate


Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
Signature and Submission
Please verify the information you have entered and review the Terms of Submission below before signing and clicking SUBMIT below to file this notice.
Terms of Submission

In submitting this notice, each issuer named above is:

Notifying the SEC and/or each State in which this notice is filed of the offering of 
                    securities described and undertaking to furnish them, upon written request, in the accordance with applicable
                    law, the information furnished to offerees.*
Irrevocably appointing each of the Secretary of the SEC and, the Securities Administrator 
                    or other legally designated officer of the State in which the issuer maintains its principal 
                    place of business and any State in which this notice is filed, as its agents for service of 
                    process, and agreeing that these persons may accept service on its behalf, of any notice, 
                    process or pleading, and further agreeing that such service may be made by registered or 
                    certified mail, in any Federal or state action, administrative proceeding, or arbitration 
                    brought against it in any place subject to the jurisdiction of the United States, if the 
                    action, proceeding or arbitration (a) arises out of any activity in connection with the 
                    offering of securities that is the subject of this notice, and (b) is founded, directly or 
                    indirectly, upon the provisions of:  (i) the Securities Act of 1933, the Securities Exchange 
                    Act of 1934, the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, the Investment Company Act of 1940, or the 
                    Investment Advisers Act of 1940, or any rule or regulation under any of these statutes, or (ii) 
                    the laws of the State in which the issuer maintains its principal place of business or any State 
                    in which this notice is filed.
Certifying that, if the issuer is claiming a Regulation D exemption for the offering, the issuer is not disqualified from relying on Regulation D for one of the reasons stated in Rule 505(b)(2)(iii) or Rule 506(d).


Each Issuer identified above has read this notice, knows the contents to be true, and has duly caused this notice to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned duly authorized person.
For signature, type in the signer's name or other letters or characters adopted or authorized as the signer's signature.


Issuer
Signature
Name of Signer
Title
Date


Delphin McDonnaugh Securities
Andre McDonnaugh
andre mcdonnaugh
president
2016-11-07


Persons who respond to the collection of information contained in this form are not required to respond unless the form displays a currently valid OMB number.
* This undertaking does not affect any limits Section 102(a) of the National Securities Markets
        Improvement Act of 1996 ("NSMIA") [Pub. L. No. 104-290, 110 Stat. 3416 (Oct. 11, 1996)] imposes on the ability of States to
        require information. As a result, if the securities that are the subject of this Form D are "covered securities" for purposes 
        of NSMIA, whether in all instances or due to the nature of the offering that is the subject of this Form D, States cannot
        routinely require offering materials under this undertaking or otherwise and can require offering materials only to the
        extent NSMIA permits them to do so under NSMIA's preservation of their anti-fraud authority.




Delphin McDonnaugh Securities Financing

DateFiling TypeOfferedSoldRemainingMin. investmentInvest. countExemption / Exlusions
2016-11-07New Form D$1,000,000Yet To Sell$1,000,000$5,000005[view]
Delphin McDonnaugh Securities List of Executivesandre mcdonnaugh











Last visited: VOYAGER SPECIALISTS LP, VPI HOLDING CORP, VRT, LLC, VS ASSET FUND LP, MPT2 Fund LP

								© 
							
















Delphin Capital Management: An Equity Market Neutral Hedge Fund and Emerging Manager. Investment Management Products: Global Tactical Asset Allocation:  uses a proprietary asset allocation model to construct this portfolio from 27 primary asset classes, which include global equities, currencies, commodities, and fixed income. U.S. Small-Cap Stock: portfolio of 150-200 U.S. small-cap stocks incorporates quantitative, fundamental, and macro analyses. Equity Market Neutral: Our hybrid philosophy and process, which incorporates quantitative, fundamental, and macro research, is at the core of this strategy. Generally comprised of 200-300 long and 200-300 short positions.


















Home
Strategies
About Delphin Capital Management
Why Delphin Capital Management

ADV 2

Contact Us
YouTube




Investment Management Strategies

Global Tactical Asset Allocation ("GTAA")
Delphin Capital Management uses a proprietary asset allocation model to construct this portfolio from 27 primary asset classes, which include global equities, currencies, commodities, and fixed income. The process involves developing expected return forecasts for each of the asset classes, combined with thoughtful, cost-effective implementation and risk management. Our process seeks to continually maximize expected returns, subject to acceptable levels of volatility.



U.S. Small-Cap Stock ("DISC")
Our approach to managing this portfolio of 150-200 U.S. small-cap stocks incorporates quantitative, fundamental, and macro analyses. Empirical research and our experience have shown that stock selection factors do not earn "average" returns uniformly over time; thus, we consider the macroeconomy and investor sentiment to add flexibility to the process and maintain model efficacy as investors' risk appetite shifts. Our fundamental stock research focuses on top-ranked names in our quantitative model.




Other Strategies



 


Copyright ©  Delphin Capital Management
Pentatonix Holdings LLC DBA Delphin Capital Management ("DCM")
 

 




Andre I. McDonnaugh at Delphin Investments | Wealthminder
































































Wealthminder



Baldwin, NY



Claim this page





Claim this page






Share :

































96
score







Andre McDonnaugh
 
 
 
 

CRD Number:
1446177

Current Firm:



Delphin Investments








Andre McDonnaugh (CRD# 1446177) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Delphin Investments in Baldwin, NY and has 
over 31 years
of experience in the finance industry.
Andre McDonnaugh has taken additional exams to become a Certified Financial Planner (CFP®). CFP professionals must pass the comprehensive CFP Certification Examination,
pass CFP Board's Fitness Standards for Candidates and Registrants, agree to abide by CFP Board's Code of Ethics and Professional Responsibility and Rules of Conduct which put
clients' interests first and comply with the Financial Planning Practice Standards.







Similar Advisors




Similar Advisors






Danna Jacobs

CRD# 5366446

Legacy Care Wealth, LLC

Score

107



Similar Advisors






Daniel P. Crimmins

CRD# 4632134

Crimmins Wealth Management, LLC

Score

103



Similar Advisors






John Henry Hug

CRD# 3114010

Ubs Financial Services Inc.

Score

103








Professional Designations














Certified Financial Planner


The CFP is the gold standard for financial professionals who perform comprehensive financial planning. CFPs must undergo rigorous exams and meet other requirements to obtain this designation.






Previous



Next






Work History


Financial Exams







Company Name
Location
Dates
Years




Royal Alliance Associates,inc.
New York, NY
Sep 2002 - Current
14








Exam Code
Name
Passed Date




S63
Uniform Securities State Law Examination
Feb 1986










Contact Info for
Andre I. McDonnaugh





2425 Grand Ave.,
Baldwin,
NY
11510



Phone Number:
203-614-1300


Firm Website:
http://www.delphininvest.com


Registered State(s):

CT





Is this advisor you?
Unlock this free profile
to update your info and see who's viewing your profile.







Current Firm Details




Delphin Investments


Firm's CRD Number:
149126




2425 Grand Ave.,
Baldwin,
NY
11510
203-614-1300
http://www.delphininvest.com










By the Numbers






Total Assets Under Management

4
MILLIONS



Total Number of Accounts

27
ACCOUNTS



Average Account Value

$129,630







Compensation Options




A percentage of assets under your management
Fixed fees (other than subscription fees)
Performance-based fees






Advisory Services Offered




Portfolio management for individuals and/or small businesses
Portfolio management for pooled investment vehicles (other than investment companies)
Portfolio management for businesses (other than small businesses) or institutional clients








Types of Clients










Registered States




CT, NY










Ready to hire a financial advisor?

Get competitive proposals from multiple advisors.

















Request Proposals









BADGES





96





Wealthminder Score

What the Wealthminder score means








Clean Record


This advisor has a clean track record with regulators.






About Wealthminder



Wealthminder was created for one simple reason:
To help people get the financial assistance they need to achieve their long-term financial goals.


Wealthminder is a database of every Investment Advisor Representative in the country.
We work hard to collect and provide you the information you need to find a financial advisor who’s right for you.


If you are looking for a specific financial advisor and you can’t find them on Wealthminder,
it’s likely that they are either exclusively a broker or are unlicensed - please
contact us
and we’ll try to help!



Finding a Financial Advisor through Wealthminder



Historically finding and hiring a financial advisor was hard.
Wealthminder was built to make the process much easier.


The best way to use Wealthminder is to take advantage of our free proposal system.
All you have to do is take a few minutes of your time to describe your situation and the assistance you are looking for.


Wealthminder then sends your request to our network of
prescreened financial advisors.
If a financial advisor is interested in your business, they will submit a proposal to you.


You review the proposals you receive and decide if you’d like to have a follow-up call with one or more of the financial advisors.


Throughout the process, you maintain control. We only share your contact information with a financial advisor once you ask for an introduction.





















Timeout!



You have been idle and will be logged out in

seconds.


Stay Logged In
Log Out Now
































Andre Ian Mcdonnaugh - Financial Advisor, Baldwin, NY - BrightScope Advisor Pages

































[[getSearchTypeDisplayName(searchType)]]


Advisor

Funds

Firms

401k Plans










































































Back to top
Home>Advisor Pages>Andre Ian Mcdonnaugh








Andre Ian McdonnaughFind an Advisor




OverviewServicesFundsQualificationsArticlesLicensesAssetsFees








Is this you?Claim this profile


Share



Follow

Following








Andre Ian Mcdonnaugh
Delphin Investments














Baldwin
NYFind an Advisor





OverviewServicesFundsQualificationsArticlesLicensesAssetsFees











Overview








Description
        
Andre Mcdonnaugh  is a financial professional at Delphin Investments,  based in Baldwin, NY. Andre has held an industry securities registration for less than a year and is subject to SEC oversight....











Information
        


other names

N/A
            


Other Firms

Aimcdonnaugh & Co. Inc.President
              





doing business as
N/A


type
RIA







Location
        



2425 GRAND AVE.


Baldwin,
NY
11510


N/A
          








Services








Advisor Services
        




There is no Services data available to display at this time.







Boeing Fee Settlement Highlights the High Bar for Large Plans
BrightScope Editorial







Funds







Funds Used With Clients
        




There are no funds listed for this advisor at this time.








Firm Client types








Qualifications







Experience


No timeline events available.










Employer
Years
Dates




Royal Alliance Associates,Inc.
              

14 years, 11 months

              

Sep 2002 - Present
              








Are YouAndre Ian Mcdonnaugh?
          


Claim your profilefor FREE

Update yourcontact information

Highlight your specialtiesand expertise

Claim this free profile






Designations & Memberships




Membership information not available

















Articles and Answers







Insights by Andre Mcdonnaugh
        




There are no insights for this advisor to display at this time.






Procter & Gamble Plans Competitive, But Exposure to Company Stock a Risk to Participants
BrightScope Editorial






Answers
        Ask a financial questionAsk a question




There are no answers for this advisor to display at this time.










Advisor Links
        




There are no links for this advisor to display at this time.










Licenses & Conducts








U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission


license status
Registered


disclosures
None


as of date

Sep  9, 2016







FINRA


license status
Not registered


disclosures
None


as of date

Nov  9, 2016






Review the status and details of the disclosures noted above using the SEC's Investment Advisor Public Disclosure website:
See Disclosure Details








Assets







Delphin Investments
Last updated on May 4, 2017





N/A
Total Assets Under Management


N/A
Total Assets Under Advisement






N/A
          
Accounts
          



N/A
          
Estimated Average Account Balance
          














Fees






Types of Compensation Arrangements


Percentage Of Assets

Fixed Fees

Performance-Based Fees












Other Advisors in Your Area





Herbert N Glass
Glass Retirement Strategies, Inc.
Bingham Farms, MIView Profile






Michael Reid, CFA®
Exchange Capital Management Inc
Ann Arbor, MIView Profile






Ken Krausman

Bloomfield Hills, MIView Profile






Melissa Joy CFP®
Center for Financial Planning Inc
Southfield, MIView Profile






Robert Paul Schmansky
Clear Financial Advisors, LLC
Livonia, MIView Profile






Richard Thomas Phillips
Raymond James & Associates, Inc.
Farmington, MIView Profile



See All Advisors










Company Info
            About Us

Newsroom

Careers

Contact

Blog





Explore
            401K Plan Ratings

Advisor Pages

Fund Pages

Financial Insights

FAQ





For Advisors
            Advisor Pages

Spyglass





For Enterprise
            Beacon





Social
            Facebook

Twitter

LinkedIn





Legal
            Privacy Policy

Terms of Use






Copyright © 2008-2017, BrightScope Inc. All Rights Reserved. Your use of this service is subject to ourTerms of UseandPrivacy Policy





Information is provided 'as is' and solely for informational purposes, not for investment purposes or advice.BrightScope is not a fiduciary under ERISA. BrightScope is not endorsed by or affiliated with FINRA.
        










BrightScope /
CIO /
FWW /
Global Custodian /
Investor Economics /
LiquidMetrix /
Market Metrics /
Matrix Solutions /
PLANADVISER /
Plan For Life /
PLANSPONSOR /
Simfund /
Strategic Insight /
The Trade

©2016 Strategic Insight Inc. All Rights Reserved. No Reproduction without Prior Authorizations












































BrightScope | Advisor Pages - Find a Financial Advisor or Advisory Firm 































































[[getSearchTypeDisplayName(searchType)]]


Advisor

Funds

Firms

401k Plans









































































General Search










Advisors
Advisory Firms
Financial Q&A
401k Plans
Funds


Search










Home  >  BrightScope Advisor Pages  >  Find a Financial Advisor
    




Advisor Search
Firm Search
Advisors by City


    
        Find and Research a Financial Advisor
    





Search




Advisor Name







Active advisors only





City



State


Alabama
Alaska
American Samoa
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Guam
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Northern Marinara Islands
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Puerto Rico
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming



Advisor Service Areas



Financial Planning



Estate Planning



Comprehensive Financial Planning



Retirement Planning



College Planning



Charitable Planning



Other Financial Planning



Tax Planning





Insurance



Life Insurance



Health Insurance



Long-Term Care Insurance



Annuities



Property & Casualty Insurance



Business Insurance



Other Insurance





Pension Consulting



401k



403b



457



Defined Benefit



Other Pension Consulting





Portfolio Management



Individuals and/or Small Businesses



Investment Companies



Businesses or Institutional Clients



Other Portfolio Management





Accounting & Tax



Tax Advice



Other Tax





Legal



Legal Planning



Legal Advice



Other Legal





Other



Publication of Periodicals or Newsletters



Security Ratings or Pricing Services



Market Timing Services



Selection of Other Advisors



Educational seminars/workshops







See All Service Areas

	                Find
	            





Filters

/financial-planning/find/advisor/



Compensation Arrangements



No Preference



Asset-Based Fees (511,679)



Fixed Fees (427,554)



Hourly Charges (257,249)



Commissions (238,813)



Fee Only (957)






State Approval



All states



California (192,949)



Florida (189,612)



Texas (168,976)



New York (157,623)



North Carolina (132,047)






Current Employer



No preference



Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated (34,514)



Wells Fargo Advisors, LLC (26,639)



J.P. Morgan Securities LLC (25,622)



Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC (24,260)









Assets Under Mgmt.



No Preference



0 - 100K (273,106)



100M - 500M (31,171)



1B - 10B (92,720)



10B - 100B (113,962)



> 100B (174,259)






Avg Account Balance



No Preference



0 - 100K (41,116)



100 - 500K (380,641)



500K - 1M (19,777)



1M - 10M (25,756)






Client Types



No Preference



Individuals (565,046)



High Net Worth Individuals (564,980)



Pension And Profit Sharing Plans (564,631)



Charitable Organizations (564,242)



State Or Municipal Government Entities (564,021)






Financial Advisor Search Results


739,533 results













George Cones, JD 



                            
    					    Third Sigma Investment Advisors LLC
                            
                                


			            Wilmington, DE
			        













George Cabalu 



                            
    					    Wells Fargo Advisors, LLC
                            
                                


			            Mclean, VA
			        













Andrew Comstock, CFA 



                            
    					    Castlebar Asset Management, LLC
                            
                                


			            Leawood, KS
			        













Curtis E. Hollowell 



                            
    					    Redmount Capital Partners LLC
                            
                                


			            Newport Beach, CA
			        













John A. Frisch CPA/PFS, CFP®, AIF®, PPC 



                            
    					    Alliant Wealth Advisors
                            
                                


			            Prince William, VA
			        













James D. Kinney, CFP® 



                            
    					    Financial Pathways
                            
                                


			            Bridgewater, NJ
			        













Arie J. Korving, CFP® 



                            
    					    Korving & Company LLC
                            
                                


			            Suffolk, VA
			        













Tony Krance, MBA, CFP®, AIF® 



                            
    					    401K Plan Advisors
                            
                                


			            Green Bay, WI
			        













Eve L. Kaplan, CFP® 



                            
    					    Kaplan Financial Advisors LLC
                            
                                


			            Berkeley Heights, NJ
			        













Kimberly L. Curtis, CFP®, ChFC, CLU, CAP, AEP, MSFS 



                            
    					    Wealth Legacy Institute, Inc.
                            
                                


			            Denver, CO
			        













Lyle Himebaugh 



                            
    					    Granite Group Advisors, LLC
                            
                                


			            Wilton, CT
			        













Martin "Marty" Leclerc 



                            
    					    Barrack Yard Advisors, LLC
                            
                                





                            
    					    Pickwick Capital Partners, LLC
                            
                                



			            Washington, DC
			        













Clint Haynes 



                            
    					    Nextgen Wealth, LLC
                            
                                


			            Lee'S Summit, MO
			        













Jonathan N. Castle, MSFS, CFP® 



                            
    					    Paragon Wealth Strategies, LLC.
                            
                                


			            Jacksonville, FL
			        













Nicholas Olesen, CFP®, CRPC® 



                            
    					    Private Advisor Group, LLC
                            
                                





                            
    					    LPL Financial LLC
                            
                                



			            King Of Prussia, PA
			        








1
2
3
4
5



















Company Info
            About Us

Newsroom

Careers

Contact

Blog





Explore
            401K Plan Ratings

Advisor Pages

Fund Pages

Financial Insights

FAQ





For Advisors
            Advisor Pages

Spyglass





For Enterprise
            Beacon





Social
            Facebook

Twitter

LinkedIn





Legal
            Privacy Policy

Terms of Use






Copyright © 2008-2017, BrightScope Inc. All Rights Reserved. Your use of this service is subject to ourTerms of UseandPrivacy Policy





Information is provided 'as is' and solely for informational purposes, not for investment purposes or advice.BrightScope is not a fiduciary under ERISA. BrightScope is not endorsed by or affiliated with FINRA.
        










BrightScope /
CIO /
FWW /
Global Custodian /
Investor Economics /
LiquidMetrix /
Market Metrics /
Matrix Solutions /
PLANADVISER /
Plan For Life /
PLANSPONSOR /
Simfund /
Strategic Insight /
The Trade

©2016 Strategic Insight Inc. All Rights Reserved. No Reproduction without Prior Authorizations























