

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version
















Delta Orthopedics - Dr. John P. Knutson, MD - Delta Colorado



































 
 













Select Page



 
 
 











Reclaim your health.

 
 
 




Reclaim Your Health

 
 
 
 
 
 



Welcome to Delta Orthopedics
At Delta Orthopedics our reputation is built on exceptional care and successful outcomes for our patients. We understand your need to get moving again when you’ve been injured or in pain. It’s why we are focused on achieving the highest standard of patient care and have become a trusted leader in orthopedics throughout the region. Get back to the active lifestyle you deserve by contacting us today!
Current patients, please access your account here:

Patient Portal
 
 
 
 



Office Information

 
 
 






Delta Orthopedics
John P. Knutson, MD
Jacob Oberheu, PA-C 


Address:




257 Cottonwood St
Delta, CO 81416
(970) 399-4200
Fax: 970-399-4219




Office Hours:


Mon; Tue; Wed: 8AM to  12PM – 1PM to 4:30PM


Thur; Fri: 8AM – 12PM


 *Our Doctor and PA will see patients on Mondays and Wednesdays.






 
 




Dr. John P. Knutson, MD



 
 
 



Meet Our Doctors

 
 
 






John P. Knutson, M.D
Orthopedic Surgery
Dr. John P. Knutson graduated from the Uniformed Services University of the Health Sciences Hebert School of Medicine in 1989. He works in Delta, CO and specializes in Orthopoedic Surgery. Dr. Knutson is affiliated with Delta County Memorial Hospital and has been board certified in orthopedic surgery since 1999.
 

 
 
 





Jacob Oberheu, PA-C 
Orthopedic Surgery
Jacob Oberheu is a nationally certified Physician Assistant who has been with Delta Orthopedics since 2009. He completed his Bachelor of Science degree in Biology and Chemistry at Concordia University in Seward, NE and then earned his Master of Science degree in Physician Assistant Studies from Idaho State University in Pocatello, ID.
Click here to learn more
He is a member of the American Academy of Physician Assistants and Physician Assistants in Orthopedic Surgery. Jacob is a long time resident of western Colorado, having grown up in Delta and graduated from Delta High School. Even though Jacob thought he would never be practicing in Delta, he enjoys rural health care and being back in the community he grew up in. Jacob is married to his wife Janell and they are expecting their first child in July 2015.


 
 
 
 
 



Contact Us





Name



Email Address


 


Message
Message





 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 















DELTA ORTHOMEDICAL, LLC - SALT LAKE CITY, UT - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



UT



SALT LAKE CITY



Nonclassifiable Establishments



Nonclassifiable Establishments



                            DELTA ORTHOMEDICAL, LLC
                                    



 





















D 


DELTA ORTHOMEDICAL, LLC
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



257 E 200 S STE 500 SALT LAKE CITY, UT 84111
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded 2010
 Incorporated UT
 Annual Revenue --
 Employee Count 0
 Industries Nonclassifiable Establishments
 Contacts SHEN MAGGIE LEE






Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Delta Orthomedical, Llc is located at 257 E 200 S Ste 500 in Salt Lake City and has been in the business of Nonclassifiable Establishments since 2010. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







D

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com







Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.


















Welcome to Delta Team Tactical!  - Unbeatable Prices on the Best Tactical Gear









































(855) 361-1800






























0 item(s) in
					cart/Total: $0
				

















CLEARANCE RACK 10% More Off 
NEW RELEASES!
ON SALE
AR Parts & Accessories
AK-47 Parts & Accessories
AR-15 Complete Gun Kits
Saiga Parts and Accessories 
Shotgun Parts and Accessories
Ar-15 Match Triggers 
SKS Parts & Accessories 
CZ Scorpion Evo 3 Parts & Accessories
Mosin Nagant Parts and Accessories
Ruger Parts and Accessories
Ruger Precision Rifle
Scopes
Lasers
Combos
Flashlights & Weapon Lights
Mounts & Rails
Clothing & Personal Gear
Bags & Containers
Accessories
Sights
Red Dots
Night Vision
Handgun Parts
Body Armor
Remington 700 Rifle Accessories & Parts
Savage Bolt Action Rifle Accessories & parts
FNH Ps-90 P90 Parts & Optics











Manufacturer

ACCU
Adams Arms
Advanced Research
AIM Sports
Aimpoint
Anderson Rifles
ARMS
AR-Stoner
assets/images/ncstarmark3_2.jpg
Barska
Beta C-Mag
Blackhawk
BSA
Center Point
Crossfire
Crosshills Technologies
CZ
Davidson Defense
DPMS
Eotech
Falan
Field Sport
G&P
Heckler & Koch
Hogue
LaserLyte
Leapers
Leupold
Magpul
Mission First Tactical
MKE
NcStar
Nebo
Nikon
Noveske
Omega Tactical
Palmetto State Armory
Phantom Tactical
Polymaggs
Promag
Republic Firearms
SAA
See All
Sig Sauer
Sightmark
Silencerco
Simmons
SOTA Arms
Spider-fire
Sun Optics
Surefire
Tasco
Trinity
Troy Industries
UltraFire
UTG
Vector Optics
Vism
VooDoo Innovations
Walther
White Oak Armament
Wilson Combat
X Products
Yukon











$0 - $24.99
$25 - $49.99
$50 - $149.99
$150 - $499.99
$500 - $1k








100% Lifetime Waranty
Email Signup
Thank You!
Terms and Conditions
Product Index
Category Index


























 


Featured Products



Davidson Defense Ar-15 Upper Receiver "Defender"  .223 Wylde 16" 1-9 Twist Phosphate Barrel W/ 12" M-LOK Premium Handguard



(0)






$349.99 
 On sale $169.99
    Sale

In Stock 








Davidson Defense Assembled Upper 16" .223 Wylde M4 1:9 Barrel W/ 12" Quadrail Handguard (Optional BCG & Charging Handle)



(0)






$319.99 
 On sale $159.99
    Sale

Out of Stock 








Rear AR15 Takedown Pin (Quick Pull) 



(0)






$12.99 
 On sale $4.99
    Sale

In Stock 








Davidson Defense Assembled Upper 16" 7.62x39 1:10 Nitride Barrel W/ 10" Keymod Handguard  Optional BCG & Charging Handle



(0)






$379.99 
 On sale $189.99
    Sale

In Stock 








Davidson Defense 16" AR-15 Carbine Assembled Upper Ultimate "Operator Series" Kit W/ Carbine Stock - Everything But the Lower Receiver!! 



(0)






$499.99 
 On sale $339.99
    Sale

Out of Stock 








AR Takedown Pin Set (Quick Pull)



(0)






$15.99 
 On sale $9.99
    Sale

Out of Stock 








Davidson Defense Assembled Upper 16" .223 WYLDE 1:7 Phosphate Barrel W/ 12" KeyMod Handguard (Optional BCG & Charging Handle)



(1)






$319.99 
 On sale $199.99
    Sale

Out of Stock 








NEW! Davidson Defense Ultimate Complete Rifle Kit Colt 16" 5.56 1/8 Twist Socom Barrel W/ 10" Keymod Handguard  (Super Fast Shipping)



(0)






$425.99 
 On sale $209.99
    Sale

In Stock 








NEW! XXtreme Defense 1/2x28 Short Knurled Linear Muzzle Device  & Flash Hider



(0)






$29.99 
 On sale $18.99
    Sale

In Stock 








Davidson Defense AR-15 Assembled Upper 16" Heavy Duty HBAR Nitride 5.56 NATO 1:7 Twist Barrel USA-Made W/ 12'' Inch Free Float Slim Handguard



(0)






$312.99 
 On sale $176.99
    Sale

In Stock 








TacFire Featureless AR-15 Stock For Hunting Type AR-15 Rifles (DOJ California Approved)



(0)






$124.99 
 On sale $59.99
    Sale

In Stock 








Davidson Defense Premium AR-15 Aero Precision Upper Build Kit W/ 12" M-LOK Handguard and Optional Barrel (All Top Of The Line Parts)



(0)






$224.99 
 On sale $99.99
    Sale

In Stock 








Andro Corp Ind AR-15 8.5 Inch 9mm Barrel 1-10 Twist Parkerized Finish 1/2x36 (D.O.E Configuration)



(0)






$99.00 
 On sale $69.99
    Sale

In Stock 








AR-15 Ultra Enhancment Kit - Lakota Charging Handle, Magpul B.A.D Lever Bolt Release Assist, Ambidextrous Safety Selector, Extended Mag Release



(0)






$172.99 
 On sale $69.99
    Sale

In Stock 








iPROTEC™ RM120LSR



(0)





Your Price: $39.99
    

In Stock 








Strike Industries Slide Cover Plate for Glock



(0)





Your Price: $22.95
    

In Stock 



















1

















Lakota Ops AR-15 Ambidextrous Charging Handle .223 5.56 300



$65.99
														$23.99
														













more details















2.
AR-15 KAK BLADE PISTOL ARM STABILIZER BRACE & COMPLETE PISTOL TUBE KIT BATF APPROVED 












$89.99
									$58.99
									


more details













3.
Low Profile Micro Gas Block & Roll Pin .750 - Made of 7075 T6 Aluminum












$29.99
									$8.49
									


more details












NcSTAR 34mm Scope Mount w/ Dual Weaver Rails







							$18.99
							
							

more details






Magpul MOE AR-15 Grip - Black


$19.95
							$18.49
							








Omega Mfg 1x35mm Dot Sight Scope Tactical Reflex Stinger 4 MOA Red & Green Dot Sight Scope


							$35.00




















Credit Card Processing













Buy A Fully Accessorized AR-15
TacOpShop - 801-628-5686





Home
Email Alerts!
About Us
Gift Registry
My Account
Contact Us
Blog


Email Signup
100% Lifetime Waranty
Deal of the Day
Terms and Conditions
Become an Affiliate
Product Index
Category Index






















Quick View










  Delta T Products





 



























































        











No menu assigned!













  












Delta T Products





The brand by which all others are measured.


About Us










  






Something
For Every Application.





At Delta T Products we pride ourselves in our ability to
provide a wide variety of valves for any application.


Our Products









High Performance
Butterfly Valve Brochure


Click to View











 Questions about our products or availability? 
Contact Us. 







Search


 Address:
Delta T Products, LLC
P.O. Box 130
Wildwood, MO 63040


 


Questions? Email Us: 
sales@deltatvalves.com




 Instructional Videos 

 

How To Change Out A Butterfly Valve Seat
September 23, 2015








Site MapHome
Products
Certifications
About Us
Contact








©2015 Delta T Products, LLC. All Rights Reserved. 
















Home
Products

050/051 Series Ductile Iron
650/651 Series Stainless
High Performance
Manual Gear Operator
Declutchable Gear Operator


Technical

Certifications
Videos


About Us
Contact



©2016 Delta T Products, LLC. All Rights Reserved. 

 




























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









 




Delta Orthopedic Lab, Inc.












































Bringing hope and smiles each better day


201-222-7777 

 












































Welcome to Delta Orthopedic Laboratory
We help bring lasting smiles and hope to people we serve




Bionic Devices
Custom devices made of carbon fibers, titanium, lightweight plastics and acrylics



Orthopedic Devices
Superior orthopedic implants and biological products to our customers worldwide.



Prosthetic Products
Wide assortment of prosthetic makeup line including latex products, latex pigments, rubber mask grease paints



WalkAide & Power Knee
Blocks knee flexion for stability. normal gait.fits many different brands of Stance Control



Unity Systems
Flex-Foot® has been the foot of choice for prosthetists and amputees alike and with the new Vari-Flex with EVO, the evolution continues.









 


No Tweet Loaded !









All rights reserved. ©  2012 Delta Orthopedic Laboratory
Powered by: WNT Multimedia Services








 









Surrey Delta Orthodontist Duncan HIggins |Braces Care | Delta Orthodontics


























Skip to main content










HOMEOUR PRACTICEMeet Dr. HigginsMeet the TeamSee the OfficeDr. Higgins' BlogGETTING STARTEDYour First VisitFormsWhen to StartYour InvestmentFAQTREATMENTFor ChildrenFor AdolescentsFor AdultsSurgical OrthodonticsXbow® Class II CorrectorBraces CareAfter Hours CareMEET OUR PATIENTSBefore After GalleryTestimonialsCONNECT WITH US 

 








 




Great News!
Dr. Higgins has been asked to speak at the 2016 American Association of Orthodontists Scientific Session in Orlando Florida.


 






(604) 590-1172
CALL TO SCHEDULE A NEW
PATIENT EXAM TODAY!
Request A Consultation
Patient Login
Doctor Login



 
 







Braces Care






Braces can easily become part of your life with just a few adjustments. The beautiful healthy smile you'll have as a result will make all the minor adjustments worthwhile!Be sure to scroll to the bottom of this page to check out our instructional video.
Eating with Braces
What can you eat? Let's talk about what you shouldn't eat! If you've been wanting to drop a few pounds, the first week wearing braces is just your chance! For the first day or so, stick to soft foods. Avoid tough meats, hard breads, and raw vegetables. Before long, you'll be able to bite a cucumber again. But you'll need to protect your orthodontic appliances when you eat for as long as you're wearing braces.
Foods to Avoid
Chewy foods: bagels, hard rolls, licorice
Crunchy foods: popcorn, ice, chips
Sticky foods: caramels, gum
Hard foods: nuts, candy
Foods you have to bite into: corn on the cob, apples, carrots
Chewing on hard things (for example, pens, pencils or fingernails) can damage the braces. Damaged braces will cause treatment to take longer.
General Soreness 
When you get your braces on, you may feel general soreness in your mouth and teeth may be tender to biting pressures for three to five days. This can be relieved by rinsing your mouth with a warm saltwater mouthwash. Dissolve one teaspoonful of salt in 8 ounces of warm water, and rinse your mouth vigorously. If the tenderness is severe, take aspirin or whatever you normally take for headache or similar pain. The lips, cheeks and tongue may also become irritated for one to two weeks as they toughen and become accustomed to the surface of the braces. You can put wax on the braces to lessen this. We'll show you how!
Loosening of Teeth
This is to be expected throughout treatment. Don't worry! It's normal. Teeth must loosen first so they can be moved. The teeth will again become rigidly fixed in their new corrected positions.
Loose Wire or Band
Don't be alarmed if a wire or band comes loose. This happens occasionally. If wire protrudes and is irritating, use a blunt instrument (back of a spoon or the eraser end of a pencil) and carefully, gently push the irritating wire under the archwire. Simply get it out of the way. If irritation to the lips or mouth continues, place wax or wet cotton on the wire to reduce the annoyance. Call our office as soon as possible for an appointment to check and repair the appliances. If any piece comes off, save it and bring it with you to the office.
Care of Appliances
To successfully complete the treatment plan, the patient must work together with the orthodontist. The teeth and jaws can only move toward their corrected positions if the patient consistently wears the rubber bands, headgear or other appliances as prescribed. Damaged appliances lengthen the treatment time.

Brushing
It's more important than ever to brush and floss regularly when you have braces, so the teeth and gums are healthy after orthodontic treatment. Patients who do not keep their teeth clean may require more frequent visits to the dentist for a professional cleaning. Adults who have a history of gum disease should also see a periodontist during orthodontic treatment.
 



 

 
 

  
