










 













 




	
        DELTA TUCKER HOLDINGS, INC. Executive Salaries & Other Compensation | Salary.com
    


























Enterprise
Small Business
Personal




Contact Us
Log In


































Salaries
Jobs
Education
Advice




























DELTA TUCKER HOLDINGS, INC.
Compensation by Company

For its 2015 fiscal year, DELTA TUCKER HOLDINGS, INC., listed the following executives on its annual proxy statement to the SEC



ENTER AN EXECUTIVE OR COMPANY NAME
New Search


Go




The charts on this page feature a breakdown of the total annual pay for the top executives at DELTA TUCKER HOLDINGS, INC. as reported in their proxy statements.


Total Cash Compensation information is comprised of yearly Base Pay and Bonuses. DELTA TUCKER HOLDINGS, INC. income statements for executive base pay and bonus are filed yearly with the SEC in the edgar filing system. DELTA TUCKER HOLDINGS, INC. annual reports of executive compensation and pay are most commonly found in the Def 14a documents.


Total Equity aggregates grant date fair value of stock and option awards and long term incentives granted during the fiscal year. 


Other Compensation covers all compensation-like awards that don't fit in any of these other standard categories. Numbers reported do not include change in pension value and non-qualified deferred compensation earnings.




Name/Title
Total Cash
Equity
Other
Total Compensation



Gregory S. Nixon 
Senior Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer, Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary

$150,000
$0
$1,616,952
$1,766,952



William T. Kansky 
Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer

$1,560,000
$0
$1,045,600
$2,605,600



Steven T. Schorer 
President, Aviation Group Leader

$1,465,665
$0
$1,217,731
$2,683,396



James E. Geisler 
Former Chief Executive Officer

$0
$0
$1,741,867
$1,741,867



George C. Krivo 
Senior Vice President, Business Development

$0
$0
$775,755
$775,755



Lewis Von Thaer 
Chief Executive Officer

$1,738,545
$0
$44,481
$1,783,026



James R. Myles 
Former Vice President, Aviation Group Leader

$105,464
$0
$746,710
$852,174





Browse Executives by First Name
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z


Browse Companies by Company Name
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
#




This report is not for commercial use. Thorough reviews have been conducted to assure this data accurately reflects disclosures. However for a complete and definitive understanding of the pay practices of any company, users should refer directly to the actual, complete proxy statement. 


Use of Data / Disclaimer
The information shown here is a reporting of information included in the company's proxy statement. The proxy statement includes footnotes and explanations of this information plus other information that is pertinent in assessing the overall value and appropriateness of the compensation information. For those interested in conducting a detailed compensation analysis, we recommend that you review the entire proxy statement. You may retrieve the full proxy statement by going to the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) website at www.sec.gov and entering the company's name and then looking in the first column for an entry of "Form DEF 14A" (or any similar code). You may also find the annual proxy statement by going directly to the company's website.


What is a proxy statement?
A proxy statement (or "proxy") is a form that every publicly traded U.S. company is required to file with the U.S. Securities & Exchange Commission (SEC) within 120 days after the end of its fiscal year. The proxy must be sent to every shareholder in advance of the company's annual shareholders meeting. All proxy statements are public filings made available to the general public by the SEC.


The proxy statement's main purpose is to alert shareholders to the annual meeting and provide them information about the issues that will be voted on during the annual meeting, including decisions such as electing directors, ratifying the selection of auditors, and other shareholder-related decisions, including shareholder-initiated initiatives. Also, proxies must disclose specific detailed information regarding the pay practices for certain executives.










    





 

 






     

privacy policy
terms of use
about us
contact us

©  Salary.com. All rights reserved.


US Salaries
Canadian Salaries
Purchase a Salary Report
Salaries by Category
Salaries by Income
Salaries by Industry
Popular Salaries
Negotiation Tips
Benefits Calculator
Search Job Openings
Job Openings by State
Job Openings by Category
Education by Career
Education by Level
Education by Major
Cost of Living Calculator
























 


10-K: DELTA TUCKER HOLDINGS, INC. - MarketWatch



























































Latest News










Dow

21,797
+85.54
+0.39%






Nasdaq

6,382
-40.56
-0.63%






S&P 500

2,475
-2.41
-0.10%









9:00 A.M. ET


                                  Stock market set to extend fresh tech rout as Amazon disappoints; GDP data ahead
                                





 
8:54 A.M. ET


                                  Atlantic Media selling ownership stake to organization run by Laurene Powell Jobs
                                





 
8:51 A.M. ET


Updated
      U.S. GDP speeds up to 2.6% in 2nd quarter 
                                





 
8:50 A.M. ET


Updated
      Retail investors wait this long to dive into IPOs
                                





 
8:44 A.M. ET


                                  Merck expects June cyberattack to affect company's 2017 financial performance
                                





 
8:39 A.M. ET


                                  Chevron swings to profit as charges shrink
                                





 
8:36 A.M. ET


                                  Chevron's stock slips 0.1% premarket after Q2 results
                                





 
8:35 A.M. ET


                                  McConnell blames Democrats after health-care loss | House approves border-wall money     
                                





 
8:35 A.M. ET


                                  Chevron Q2 revenue $33 bln vs. $28 bln a year ago; FactSet consensus $33 bln
                                





 
8:34 A.M. ET


                                  Chevron Q2 FactSet EPS consensus 86 cents
                                





 
8:33 A.M. ET


                                  Chevron Q2 EPS includes charges of $430 mln and gains from asset sales of $160 mln
                                





 
8:32 A.M. ET


                                  30-year Treasury yield down by 0.8 basis point to 2.919%
                                





 
8:32 A.M. ET


                                  Nasdaq-100 futures down 0.6% at 5,872
                                





 
8:32 A.M. ET


                                  Dow futures off 0.1% at 21,720
                                





 
8:32 A.M. ET


                                  S&P 500 futures down 0.2% at 2,467
                                





 
8:32 A.M. ET


Breaking
      U.S. stock futures trim losses after GDP data
                                





 
8:32 A.M. ET


                                  10-year Treasury yield down by 0.9 basis point to 2.306%.
                                





 
8:31 A.M. ET


                                  Chevron Q2 EPS 77 cents vs. per-share loss 78 cents
                                





 
8:31 A.M. ET


                                  2-year Treasury yield down by 2 basis points to 1.347%
                                





 
8:31 A.M. ET


                                  August gold rises 0.2% at $1,263/oz.
                                





 








































Log In















 


Until New York Markets Open

Market Snapshot
Analyst Ratings














Home






Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)




Get email alerts



         10-K: DELTA TUCKER HOLDINGS, INC.
    








    By

Published: Mar 29, 2017 3:21 p.m. ET

Share






















































 



 















(EDGAR Online via COMTEX) -- ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. The following discussion and analysis of our consolidated financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the Delta Tucker Holdings, Inc. consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto and other data contained elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Please see "Item 1A. Risk Factors" and "Forward-Looking Statements" for a discussion of the risks, uncertainties and assumptions associated with these statements. Unless otherwise noted, all amounts discussed herein are consolidated. All references in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to fiscal years of the United States government pertain to their fiscal year, which ends on September 30th of each year. Company Overview We are a leading global services provider offering unique, tailored solutions for an ever-changing world. Built on approximately seven decades of experience as a trusted partner to commercial, government and military customers, we provide sophisticated aviation solutions, law enforcement training and support, base and logistics operations, intelligence training, rule of law development, construction management, international development, ground vehicle support, counter-narcotics aviation, platform services and operations and linguist services. Our current customers include the U.S. Department of Defense ("DoD"), the Department of State ("DoS"), the U.S. Agency for International Development ("USAID"), foreign governments, commercial customers and certain other U.S. federal, state and local government departments and agencies. Delta Tucker Holdings, Inc. was formed for the purpose of acquiring DynCorp International Inc. ("DynCorp International") and had immaterial assets and virtually no operations prior to the merger on July 7, 2010, except for the costs associated with acquiring DynCorp International. Delta Tucker Holdings, Inc. remains the holding company of DynCorp International. DynCorp International wholly owns DynCorp International LLC, which functions as the operating company. In October 2016, the Company amended its organizational structure. The Company's previous two operating and reporting segments, DynAviation and DynLogistics, were re-aligned into three operating and reporting segments: Aviation Engineering, Logistics, and Sustainment ("AELS"), Aviation Operations and Life Cycle Management ("AOLC") and DynLogistics. AELS, AOLC and DynLogistics segments operate principally within a regulatory environment subject to governmental contracting and accounting requirements, including Federal Acquisition Regulations ("FAR"), Cost Accounting Standards ("CAS") and audits by various U.S. federal agencies. As of December 31, 2016, we employed or managed approximately 10,700 personnel, including approximately 4,200 personnel from our affiliates. We operate in approximately 31 countries through approximately 58 active contracts and 74 active task orders. Current Operating Environment and Outlook External Factors While political challenges remain, we have seen improvements on the policy and budgetary fronts. In contrast, the international environment continues to be driven by instability, with ongoing and potential conflicts around the globe. Global events are driving adjustments to U.S. national security and foreign policy objectives, as well as the funding levels and mechanisms to support these shifts. External factors influencing the industry continue to include: Adhering to discretionary spending caps mandated by the Budget Control Act of 2011 ("BCA");   Troop levels and tempo of operations in Afghanistan;   Conflicts in Iraq, Syria and the wider Middle East;   Russian aggression in Europe and the Middle East; and   Increased instability and challenges to the existing international framework.  Considering these complex issues, the defense services sector believes there will be growth in the defense topline this year and over the next few fiscal years. The new President consistently pledged to rebuild the military and buy back lost readiness so our men and women in uniform receive the best training and equipment possible to meet an array of global threats. These commitments are upheld in the fiscal year 2018 Department of Defense budget blueprint released on March 16, 2017, which is discussed below.  On services specifically, addressing current readiness will require increased resources for training, maintenance and sustainment. Companies like DynCorp International are well positioned to support efforts to restore military readiness to necessary standards. Recent actions by the Administration reaffirm readiness is a top priority, including a January 27, 2017 Presidential Memorandum on Rebuilding the U.S. Armed Forces that instructed DOD to undertake several efforts to identify and to begin mitigating readiness shortfalls. Legislatively, Congress negotiated and agreed upon a final fiscal year 2017 Defense Appropriations bill that was passed by the House of Representatives and is awaiting action in the Senate. The bill funds the topline at $578 billion, which is $5 billion above fiscal year 2016, and consists of $516 billion in the base budget and $62 billion in Overseas Contingency Operations funding ("OCO"). On Operations and Maintenance ("O&M") activities, fiscal year 2017 is funded at $216 billion with $168 billion base and $48 billion OCO, which is $2.0 billion above fiscal year 2016. Lastly, and importantly, on fiscal year 2017, an additional Department of Defense Budget amendment was transmitted to Congress on March 16, 2017. The amendment requests $30 billion supplemental funding to further address readiness, unfunded requirements (i.e. end strength and modernization), and ongoing operational requirements.   Asset management of equipment ranging from organizational to depot-level maintenance;   Requirement to maintain, overhaul and upgrade for returning rolling stocks and aging platforms;   Sustain and support forward-deployed rotational troops and equipment;   Growth in outsourcing by foreign allies of maintenance, supply-support, facilities management, infrastructure upgrades, and construction management related services;   Continued focus on smart power initiatives by the DoS, USAID, the United Nations ("UN"), and the DoD, including development and smaller-scale stability operations; and   Further efforts by the U.S. government to move from single-award to multiple-award IDIQ contracts, which offer an opportunity to increase revenue by competing for task orders with the other contract awardees.  We expect international instability to persist, especially in the Middle East. We also believe U.S. defense ties and presence throughout the region will continue to be of vital strategic interest to the U.S. and our allies. Base operations, logistics support and maintenance capacity will be key enablers in this environment and we are especially well-positioned to provide these services to both U.S. forces and allied nations.   On April 30, 2016, the Company entered into Amendment No. 5 to the Senior Credit Facility, which became effective on June 15, 2016, and on May 2, 2016, the Company launched the Exchange Offer and Consent Solicitation, as further described in Note 7 to the Delta Tucker Holdings, Inc. consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.   In May 2016, AELS announced the award of a contract in support of the Advanced Military Maintenance and Repair Overhaul Center ("AMMROC") and the United Arab Emirates ("UAE") military to provide support to the military aircraft and facilities of the UAE. The contract has a one-year base period with two, one-year options with a total potential value of $102 million.   On May 26, 2016, we were notified that the Company's claim before the Armed Services Board of Contract Appeals seeking contractual reinterpretation and restructure on a specific U.S. Air Force contract was denied. Based on the outcome, the customer is now requiring the Company to process additional engines. We reached an agreement with the U.S. Air Force related to performance requirements on this contract and we recorded a charge associated with this matter in the second quarter of 2016.   In June 2016, DynLogistics announced the award of the Al Udeid Civil Engineer ("CE") Base Operation Support ("BOS") Services task order on the Air Force Augmentation Program ("AFCAP IV") from the U.S. Air Force to provide engineering support, fire support, pavement sweeping, facility management, Industrial Chilled Water Systems ("ICWS") and Industrial Controls Systems ("ICS") training, and electrical power production and distribution at the Al Udeid Air Base in Qatar. The task order has a one-year base period, with four one-year options and a total potential task order value of $42.3 million.   In June 2016, DynLogistics announced the award of the Al Dhafra CE Support Services task order on AFCAP IV from the U.S. Air Force to provide all personnel, labor, vehicles, supervision, training, design, equipment, safety equipment and other items necessary to perform security barriers maintenance and repair, fire alarm and fire suppression system maintenance and repair, and engineering and design support services at Al Dhafra Air Base in the UAE. The task order has a one-year base period, with two one-year options and one six-month option period and a total potential task order value of $8.6 million.   In June 2016, DynLogistics announced the award of the Southwest Asia ("SWA") Transient Aircraft Services ("TAS") task order on AFCAP IV from the U.S. Air Force to provide personnel, supervision and other services as necessary to operate fixed and rotary wing aircraft. The task order has a one-year base period, with four one-year options and one six-month option period and a total potential task order value of $29.0 million.   On June 3, 2016 the DoS Office of Acquisition Management posted a J&A for other than full and open competition detailing its intent to extend the INL Air Wing contract for a period of 12 months.   On June 15, 2016, in connection with the consummation of the Exchange Offer and Consent Solicitation, $415.7 million principal amount of our Senior Unsecured Notes were exchanged for $45.0 million cash and $370.6 million aggregate principal amount of newly issued New Notes, and the amendments to the Senior Unsecured Notes Indenture that were the subject of the Consent Solicitation became effective, as further described in Note 7 to the Delta Tucker Holdings, Inc. consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.   On June 15, 2016, DynCorp Funding LLC, a limited liability company managed by Cerberus, entered into the Cerberus 3L Notes, in which $30 million was provided to us, as further described in Note 7 to the Delta Tucker Holdings, Inc. consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.   In September 2016, DynLogistics announced the award of an 11-month task order contract modification valued at $111 million that began August 1, 2016, to continue providing base life support and maintenance services in Afghanistan under the LOGCAP IV contract. Immediately following this modification, we were awarded several additional LOGCAP IV contract modifications valued at approximately $50 million annually, beginning October 1, 2016, which will add over 100 new services and require more than 900 additional personnel across four locations.   In September 2016, DynLogistics announced the award of the Egyptian Personnel Support Services ("EPSS") contract to provide support for daily living in the Arab Republic of Egypt. The contract, which started March 25, 2016, has a two-year base period and a one year option period and a total potential contract value of $22.5 million.   In September 2016, AELS announced the award of a contract modification for the second option period on the Contractor Logistics Support contract to provide maintenance and logistics support to the United States Navy T-34, T-44, and T-6 aircraft programs. The modification has a total potential value of $107.2 million.   In September 2016, DynLogistics announced the award of the Saudi Foreign Military Sales ("FMS") BOS task order on AFCAP IV from the U.S. Air Force to provide transportation, personnel, supervision, lodging, labor, training, tools, materials, vehicles, safety equipment and other items and services necessary to support the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia FMS program and personnel. The task order has a total potential value of $4.1 million.   In September 2016, INL Air Wing received the Large Aviation Program Award for 2015 at the Annual Federal Aviation Awards sponsored by the GSA and the Interagency Committee for Aviation Policy. The award is presented annually to the most outstanding non-military federal aviation program with more than 20 aircraft. In deciding the recipient of the award, the GSA considers aviation management, administration, operations, maintenance, training, and safety. This is the fourth time INL Air Wing has won the Large Aviation Program Award.   In September 2016, DynLogistics announced the award of the SWA Fire Emergency Service ("FES") task order on AFCAP IV from the U.S. Air Force to provide all management, labor, tools, and equipment for inspection, testing, maintenance, repair, and certification of FES equipment in accordance with manufacturer's instructions, the Air Force Office of Safety and Health, National Fire Protection Association, Occupational Safety and Health Administration, and National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health codes and standards. The task order has a total potential value of $6.2 million.   On September 1, 2016, we were notified that the DoS had awarded the re-compete of the INL Air Wing contract to another company. On September 11, 2016, we filed a protest with the GAO challenging the DoS agency's award determination.   On September 27, 2016, AOLC finalized negotiations with the DoS Office of Acquisition Management regarding an extension of services on the INL Air Wing program and definitized an agreement for a one-year extension through October 31, 2017. The extension has a total potential value of $292.8 million.   In October 2016, AELS announced the award of a contract modification for a six month contract extension on the T6 COMBS contract to provide support services for T-6A and T-6B aircraft at ten Air Force and Navy locations throughout the U.S. The modification has a total potential value of $30.3 million.   In October 2016, DynLogistics announced the award of the Warm BOS Thumrait Air Base ("TRAB") and Al Mussanah Air Base ("AMAB") task order on AFCAP IV from the U.S. Air Force to provide maintenance and repair for TRAB and AMAB in Oman. The task order has a total potential value of $2.9 million.   In October 2016, the Company announced that it would change from its two operating and reportable segments, DynAviation and DynLogistics, to three operating and reportable segments: DynLogistics, AELS and AOLC.   In October 2016, the Company announced that George C. Krivo, Senior Vice President, DynGlobal, has been appointed as the Chief Operating Officer of the Company. As previously disclosed, Mr. Krivo is COAC employee who has been seconded to the Company.   In November 2016, AELS announced the development of a General Terms Agreement with Global Aerospace Logistics and has been awarded an Apache Services task order to maintain aircraft for the Joint Aviation Command of the UAE Armed Forces. The task order, which started September 1, 2016, has a two-year base period and a one-year option period and a total potential task order value of $61 million.   On November 22, 2016, the Company announced an appeal decision by the United States Court of Appeals for the Eleventh Circuit which agreed with the Company and reinstated claims by the Company against AAR Airlift Group, Inc. under Florida's Uniform Trade Secrets Act.   In December 2016, AELS announced the award of the Contract Field Teams ("CFT") task order at the Davis-Monthan Air Force Base in Tucson, Arizona to provide maintenance on the 357th Aircraft Maintenance Unit's A-10 Thunderbolt aircraft. The task order, which started November 1, 2016 and ends March 2018, has a total potential task order value of $23 million.   In December 2016, AOLC announced the award of the U.S. General Services Administration ("GSA") Storage, Analysis, Failure Evaluation and Reclamation ("SAFR") and SAFR Satellite ("SAFR LITE") task order under the GSA Schedule for Logistics Worldwide ("LOGWORLD") contract at Corpus Christi Army Depot in Texas to inspect, repair and verify components used on aircraft with a total potential value of $5.1 million.   In December 2016, AELS announced the award of the CFT Multiple Award Contract ("MAC") by the U.S. Air Force to perform modification, maintenance, inspection and repair of active systems in the U.S. government inventory. The IDIQ contract has a two-year base period and two two-year option periods and a total potential contract value of $11.4 billion.   In December 2016, DynLogistics announced the award of a contract in South and Southeast Asia and Oceania by the U.S. Navy to support various DoD missions, including humanitarian aid, civic assistance, military construction and contingency services. The contract has a one-year base period, with seven one-year options and one six-month option period and a total potential contract value of $93.8 million.   In December 2016, AELS announced the award of a contract by the U.S. Navy to maintain and provide logistics services for aircraft and support for equipment for the Naval Test Wing Atlantic on behalf of the Naval Warfare Center Aircraft Division in Patuxent River, Maryland. The contract has a one-year base period, with four one-year options and a total potential contract value of $546 million.   In December 2016, AOLC announced the award by the U.S. Army for the TASM-O contract Option Year 3 to provide aviation maintenance services under the AFM program. The one year contract modification has a total potential value of $125.5 million.   In December 2016, DynLogistics announced the award of a contract extension from the United States Army Contracting Command to provide advisory, training and mentoring services to the Afghanistan Ministry of Defense. The one year contract extension has a total potential value of $54.2 million.   In December 2016, DynLogistics announced the award of a contract extension from the United States Army Contracting Command to provide advisory, training and mentoring services to the Afghanistan Ministry of Interior. The one year contract extension has a total potential value of $67.2 million.   On December 21, 2016, we were notified that the GAO denied our protest of the DoS agency's award determination of the INL Air Wing contract to another company. We continue to pursue legal recourse before the U.S. Court of Federal Claims regarding this matter.   In January 2017, DynLogistics announced the award of a contract extension for the War Reserve Materiel II contract through September 30, 2017. The contract extension has a total potential value of $22.7 million.   On January 23, 2017, DynLogistics announced the award of the War Reserve Materiel III contract to manage the U.S. Air Force Central Command Area of Responsibility War Reserve Materiel Pre-positioning program, which includes operations in Oman, Bahrain, Qatar, Kuwait, United Arab Emirates and two locations in the United States. The contract has a three-month transition period, five-month base period and seven one-year options and a total potential contract value of $412 million.   On March 24, 2017, we received the Support Letter from Cerberus committing to fund the New Cerberus Financing, and we sent a notice of redemption to . . .  Mar 29, 2017  (c) 1995-2017 Cybernet Data Systems, Inc. All Rights Reserved 


More from MarketWatch









More Coverage


Intel earnings have message for AMD and Nvidia: ‘Bring it on’


Tesla earnings: Will Model 3 live up to the hype?


Dow ends at record, but tech slump weighs on S&P 500, Nasdaq















Most Popular





The dark side of cruises





Coca-Cola to replace Coke Zero in U.S.





Dow ends at record, but tech slump weighs on S&P 500, Nasdaq





If you can buy only one stock or ETF, make it this one





How to Fix Wall Street, and Bankers' Pay




MarketWatch Partner Center




















 








            We Want to
            Hear from You


Join the conversation
Comment
















Sponsored Headlines













Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found







































 





















Delta Tucker Holdings, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 9:05 AM ET
Aerospace and Defense

Company Overview of Delta Tucker Holdings, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Delta Tucker Holdings, Inc. provides aviation solutions, law enforcement training and support, base and logistics operations, intelligence training, rule of law development, construction management, international development, ground vehicle support, counter-narcotics aviation, platform services, and operations and linguist services in the United States and internationally. The company’s Aviation Engineering, Logistics, and Sustainment segment provides technical information and expertise to manage fleets and bases, and delivers engineering and maintenance services. This segment also offers training, supply chain management, aircraft modernization, platform sustainment, and data optimization s...
Delta Tucker Holdings, Inc. provides aviation solutions, law enforcement training and support, base and logistics operations, intelligence training, rule of law development, construction management, international development, ground vehicle support, counter-narcotics aviation, platform services, and operations and linguist services in the United States and internationally. The company’s Aviation Engineering, Logistics, and Sustainment segment provides technical information and expertise to manage fleets and bases, and delivers engineering and maintenance services. This segment also offers training, supply chain management, aircraft modernization, platform sustainment, and data optimization services. The company’s Aviation Operations and Life Cycle Management segment provides aircraft operations and logistics services comprising modernization and refurbishments, upgrades and sustainment, and maintenance and support services, as well as support and assistance, intra-theater transportation, and aviation maintenance services. The company’s DynLogistics offers support solutions, including conventional and contingency logistics, operations and maintenance support, platform modification and upgrades, supply chain management and training, security, and intelligence mission support services. This segment also offers base operations support, engineering, supply and logistics, pre-positioned war reserve materials, facilities, marine maintenance services, and program management services primarily for ground vehicles and contingency response. The company provides its services to the U.S. Department of Defense, the U.S. Department of State, the U.S. Agency for International Development, foreign governments, commercial customers, and the U.S. federal, state, and local government departments and agencies. Delta Tucker Holdings, Inc. was founded in 1946 and is headquartered in McLean, Virginia.
Detailed Description


1700 Old Meadow RoadMcLean, VA 22102United StatesFounded in 19466,500 Employees



Phone: 571-722-0210

www.dyn-intl.com







Key Executives for Delta Tucker Holdings, Inc.




Mr. George C. Krivo


      	Chief Executive Officer and Director
      


Age: 54
        







Mr. William T. Kansky


      	Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
      


Age: 55
        







Mr. Gregory S. Nixon Esq.


      	Chief Administrative Officer, Chief Legal Officer, Senior Vice President and Corporate Secretary
      


Age: 53
        







Mr. Randall Bockenstedt


      	Senior Vice President of Dynlogistics
      


Age: 62
        







Mr. Joseph M. Ford


      	Senior Vice President of Business Development
      


Age: 57
        




Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Delta Tucker Holdings, Inc. Key Developments

Delta Tucker Holdings, Inc. Announces Management Changes
Jul 14 17
Delta Tucker Holdings, Inc., the parent of DynCorp International, Inc., (DI), announced that it has named George Krivo chief executive officer (CEO) and as a member of the company's board of directors, effective immediately. Mr. Krivo has worked for DI for a total of nine years, most recently serving as chief operating officer since October 2016. Formerly, Mr. Krivo ran DI’s reporting segment with Profit & Loss (P&L) responsibility for Contingency Operations, Operations and Maintenance, Intelligence and Training. He has also run Business Development for DI twice. Prior to his tenure at DynCorp International, he held numerous executive positions at SAIC and DRS Technologies. On July 10, 2017, Mr. Lewis Von Thaer tendered his resignation as a member of the board of directors and the Chief Executive Officer of Delta Tucker Holdings, Inc. effective as of July 14, 2017. Mr. Von Thaer resigned to pursue other business interests and his resignation did not involve any disagreement with the company or DynCorp International.


Delta Tucker Holdings, Inc. Reports Unaudited Consolidated Earnings Results for the First Quarter Ended March 31, 2017; Revises Earnings Guidance for the Full Year of 2017
May 15 17
Delta Tucker Holdings, Inc. reported unaudited consolidated earnings results for the first quarter ended March 31, 2017. For the quarter, the company reported revenue of $459,872,000 against $419,990,000 a year ago. Operating income was $20,164,000 against $5,478,000 a year ago. Income before income taxes was $2,827,000 against loss before income taxes of $10,078,000 a year ago. Net loss attributable to the company was $487,000 against $14,759,000 a year ago. EBITDA was $30,160,000 against $14,159,000 a year ago. Adjusted EBITDA was $36,528,000 against $20,494,000 a year ago. Net cash used in operating activities was $15,048,000 against $30,543,000 a year ago. Purchase of property and equipment was $1,757,000 against $812,000 a year ago. Free cash flow was $16,461,000 against $32,616,000 a year ago. Net debt ended the quarter at $529.8 million, up $15.6 million from year-end levels, driven by the effects of first quarter cash flow. 


The company expects full year 2017 revenue to come in between $1.9 billion and $1.95 billion. The increase in top line guidance is based upon recent wins, including, WRM III, Patuxent River, LOGCAP NORTHCOM, a number of ALiSS task orders, as well as Navy Expeditionary Force Region contract win. The company also raising the full year 2017 adjusted EBITDA guidance range to $130 million to $134 million. Updated guidance includes the contribution from INL program.


Delta Tucker Holdings, Inc., Q1 2017 Earnings Call, May 15, 2017
May 8 17
Delta Tucker Holdings, Inc., Q1 2017 Earnings Call, May 15, 2017


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 4M Research, Inc. United States A E Wolffe Limited United States A&G Machine, Inc. United States A-1 Machining Co. Inc. United States a.i. solutions, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Delta Tucker Holdings, Inc., please visit www.dyn-intl.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












MarketWatch.com Topics

























Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets Open in:



Market Snapshot
Analyst Ratings


















Topics







		Istanbul



			Brexit




		Guns







		Millennials




		Immigration



			Apple

/conga/topics/main.html
369880



Subjects in the news



U.S. Economy


U.S. Politics


Earnings


Sales


Aerospace


Ice




Markets


Production


Iraq


Russia


Oil


United Kingdom




Europe


European Markets


London Markets


Health Care


Income


Insurance






People in the news



Jones, Edward


Trump, Donald


Woods, Tiger


Buffett, Warren


Putnam, George


Clinton, Bill




Obama, Barack


Putin, Vladimir


Tillerson, Rex


Washington, George


Ryan, James


Walker, David




West, David


Williams, James


Gray, John


Clooney, George


Cruise, Tom


Jolie, Angelina






Companies in the news



Northrop Grumman Corp.


International Data Group


New York Mercantile Exchange


American International Group


Health Care Insurance


Miners




Metal Exchange


Target Corp.


United National


Performance


News Corp.


Jones




Oppenheimer


International Industries


Transport Service


Capital One Financial


Apple Inc.


eBay Inc.






Organizations in the news



American Petroleum Institute


European Union


OPEC


Education Department


Transportation Department


European Central Bank




Federal Reserve Bank of New York


Congress


Public Service Commission


Securities and Exchange Commission


Baseball


Nasdaq Stock Market




Consumers Union


World Bank


Council on Foreign Relations


Security Council


Senate


Boston College












Browse topics:


A


B


C


D


E


F


G


H


I


J


K


L


M


N


O


P


Q


R


S


T


U


V


W


X


Y


Z


0-9





















Log In




9:05 AM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Pre


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
9:00aStock market set to extend fresh tech rout as Amazon disappoints; GDP data ahead
8:54aAtlantic Media selling ownership stake to organization run by Laurene Powell Jobs
8:51aU.S. GDP speeds up to 2.6% in 2nd quarter 
8:50aRetail investors wait this long to dive into IPOs
8:44aMerck expects June cyberattack to affect company's 2017 financial performance
8:39aChevron swings to profit as charges shrink
8:37aChevron's stock slips 0.1% premarket after Q2 results
8:36aMcConnell blames Democrats after health-care loss | House approves border-wall money     
8:35aChevron Q2 revenue $33 bln vs. $28 bln a year ago; FactSet consensus $33 bln
8:34aChevron Q2 FactSet EPS consensus 86 cents
8:34aChevron Q2 EPS includes charges of $430 mln and gains from asset sales of $160 mln
8:33a30-year Treasury yield down by 0.8 basis point to 2.919%
8:32aS&P 500 futures down 0.2% at 2,467
8:32aBREAKINGU.S. stock futures trim losses after GDP data
8:32aNasdaq-100 futures down 0.6% at 5,872
8:32aDow futures off 0.1% at 21,720
8:32a10-year Treasury yield down by 0.9 basis point to 2.306%.
8:32aChevron Q2 EPS 77 cents vs. per-share loss 78 cents
8:32a2-year Treasury yield down by 2 basis points to 1.347%
8:32aAugust gold rises 0.2% at $1,263/oz.
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,796.55

+85.54
+0.39%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,382.19

-40.56
-0.63%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,475.42

-2.41
-0.10%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15


















































Delta Tucker Holdings Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback



























delta tucker holdings inc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Communications
Industry: Media
Sub-Industry: Advertising & Marketing
Delta Tucker Holdings, Inc. operates as a holding company. The Company, through its subsidiaries, provides professional and support services outsourced by the United States military, United States governmental agencies, and foreign governments worldwide.




Corporate Information
Address:

1700 Old Meadow Road
McLean, VA 22102
United States


Phone:
1-571-722-0210


Fax:
-





Board Members




Lead Director
Company


Chan Galbato
Newpage Group Inc








Board Members
Company




W Ingersoll
Cerberus Capital Management LP




























From The Web











Key Executives


Christopher C Bernhardt "Chris"


President/Senior VP:Corp Dev




William Kansky


Senior VP/CFO




Joe C Kale


Senior VP/Compliance Officer




Robert Lehman Jr


Senior Vice President







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data









































Delta Tucker Holdings, Inc. | Company Spotlight Profile











Warning! This site has features that require JavaScript.












watch








        Delta Tucker Holdings, Inc.
        
      

Sector: 


            General Government Not Elsewhere Classified
          
Region: 

VA, United States






♣ Request Investor Kit

 View Contact Details







 News & Analysis
















 Featured Company


Establishment Investment Trust Plc
London, LO, GB
Establishment Investment Trust Plc is an investment company. The investment objective of the Company is to achieve long-term capital growth...







 You may also be interested in:





Bénéteau SA



Saint-Gilles-Croix-de-Vie, PL, FR
Bénéteau SA engages in the design and manufacture boats. It operates through the Boats and Habitat business divisions. The Boats...




Fintel Energia Group SpA



Pollenza, MC, IT
Fintel Energia Group is a vertical system operator in the integrated supply chain energy, active in the market for the...




John Hancock Investors Trust



Boston, MA, US











×
Contact Investor Relations



Delta Tucker Holdings, Inc.
Investor Relations
         3190 Fairview Park DriveSuite 700
         Falls Church , VA 22042
         United States
Phone:1.571.722.0210

SIC Code:
9199



Close




×
Request Investor Kit









Select your country:


Afghanistan
Aland Islands
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bonaire, St. Eust., Saba
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
Brit. Indian Ocean Terr.
British Virgin Islands
Brunei
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo (Dem. Rep. of the)
Congo (Rep. of)
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Croatia
Cuba
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Terr.
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard & McDonald Islands
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Ivory Coast
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
La Reunion
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marianas
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
North Korea
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestine
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Romania
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Saint Barthelemy
Saint Helena
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Martin
Saint Pierre & Miquelon
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Sint Marten
Slovakia
Slovenia
So Georgia & So Sand Isl
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
St Vincent & Grenadines
St. Lucia
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Timor-Leste
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
U.S. Minor Outlying Isl.
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vatican City
Venezuela
Vietnam
Virgin Islands
Wallis & Futuna
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe





E-mail:


required field!



First Name:


required field!



Last Name:


required field!




Street 1:


required field!



Street 2:





City:


required field!



State/Province:


-
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming


required field!



Postal Code:


required field!






 I consent to receiving periodic email communications from Delta Tucker Holdings, Inc.. 
            

 I'd like to receive more information from PrecisionIR.
            







Watch

Watch this company to be notified of upcoming earnings calls and new content with a weekly digest sent to your email.
            
 Watch content
            




Go!
Cancel






Company Spotlight is available free to investors through the financial support of participating companies. In return for receiving this free information, your contact data are made available to the companies whose reports you have ordered, and to other parties as described in our privacy policy, which you can read in its entirety here. In addition, you agree to be contacted by these companies from time to time. You may select at any time to opt out of these communications by using the unsubscribe link in your email(s) or by sending an email to nacustomerservice@precisionir.com.



×
 Enter your email address to watch this company.




E-mail (required):


required field!



First Name:





Last Name:












    Signup 




×
  Enter your email address and notification preferences.




A reminder has been added for this event.



    Add to Calendar
  


Add to Google Calendar


Add to Live Calendar


Add to Yahoo! Calendar


Add to iCalender


Add to Outlook Calendar







Or





Send me a reminder




Weeks

0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31
32
33
34
35
36
37
38
39
40
41
42
43
44
45
46
47
48
49
50
51
52



Days

0
1
2
3
4
5
6



Hours

0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23



Minutes

0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31
32
33
34
35
36
37
38
39
40
41
42
43
44
45
46
47
48
49
50
51
52
53
54
55
56
57
58
59





before the event.

Please enter a valid email to watch!

First Name

Last Name








    Signup 








