










 













 













 




DELTEC EMERGING MARKET INCOME FUND, L.P. - Who is raising money? | SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, startups and private equity companies















Who is raising money?











DELTEC EMERGING MARKET INCOME FUND, L.P.  Funding details


DELTEC EMERGING MARKET INCOME FUND, L.P. Industry: Pooled Investment FundCIK Number: 0000871095Address: C/O DELTEC PARTNERS, LLC 623 FIFTH AVENUE, 28TH FLOOR NEW YORK 10022Phone number: 212-546-6200Former name: DELTEC LATIN AMERICAN PARTNERS L P, date of change: 1991-01-08



Latest news
DELTEC EMERGING MARKET INCOME FUND, L.P. raised $111,604,585 from 104 investors on 2016-12-07.



DELTEC EMERGING MARKET INCOME FUND, L.P. Filings

DateFiling TypeOfferedSoldRemainingMin. investmentInvest. countExemption / Exlusions
2016-12-07Amended Form DIndefinite$111,604,585Indefinite$010406b 3C 3C.1[SEC Filing]2015-12-11Amended Form DIndefinite$108,604,585Indefinite$010306b 3C 3C.1[SEC Filing]2015-01-23Amended Form DIndefinite$108,604,585Indefinite$250,00010306b 3C 3C.1[SEC Filing]2014-01-28Amended Form DIndefinite$99,986,085Indefinite$250,00010106b 3C 3C.1[SEC Filing]2013-01-28Amended Form DIndefinite$94,636,085Indefinite$250,0009806 3C 3C.1[SEC Filing]2012-01-30Amended Form DIndefinite$79,966,898Indefinite$250,0008806 3C 3C.1[SEC Filing]2012-01-17Amended Form DIndefinite$18,844,929Indefinite$250,0003906 3C 3C.1[SEC Filing]2011-06-06Amended Form DIndefinite$24,419,355Indefinite$250,0004406 3C 3C.1[SEC Filing]2010-06-04Amended Form DIndefinite$21,384,654Indefinite$250,0003806 3C 3C.1[SEC Filing]2009-06-09Amended Form DIndefinite$19,136,194Indefinite$250,0003106 3C 3C.1[SEC Filing]
DELTEC EMERGING MARKET INCOME FUND, L.P. raised $111,604,585 in total.



Directors and Executives of DELTEC EMERGING MARKET INCOME FUND, L.P.
Key People in DELTEC EMERGING MARKET INCOME FUND, L.P.:

Arthur ByrnesJohn GordonStephen Zuppello-- Deltec Partners, LLC-- Deltec Asset Management, LLC
Similar companiesDeltec Emerging Market Equities, L.P., Deltec Forum Fund, L.P., Deltec Special Situations Partners, L.P., Deltec Total Return Bond Fund, L.P., DELTEC EMERGING MARKET DEBT FUND, LTD., DELTEC EMERGING MARKET DEBT FUND, L.P.








Last visited companies: eSeniorLife LLC, CORD:USE Cord Blood Bank Inc, INTERNATIONAL PBX VENTURES LTD, Mariner Frontier Fund, L.P., ROI, Inc.

								© whoisraisingmoney.com
Daily updated news about investment into startups, hedge funds and private equity companies.

















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












DELTEC EMERGING MARKET INCOME FUND, L.P. Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      DELTEC EMERGING MARKET INCOME FUND, L.P.
                    

•   NEW YORK, NY
                          • Hedge Fund
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Deltec Emerging Market Income Fund is based out of New York.    The firm last filed a Form D notice of exempt offering of securities on 2016-12-07. The filing was for a pooled investment fund:  hedge fund The notice  included securities offered of Pooled Investment Fund Interests
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)
Form D 10



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from DELTEC EMERGING MARKET INCOME FUND, L.P., enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




deltec emerging market income fund, l.p.


C/O DELTEC PARTNERS, LLC

NEW YORK
NY
                                                        
                                                    10022


                                                      Business Phone:
                                                      212-546-6200







Recent SEC Filings




D/A filed on 12/07/2016
D/A filed on 12/11/2015
D/A filed on 01/23/2015
D/A filed on 01/28/2014
D/A filed on 01/28/2013
D/A filed on 01/30/2012
D/A filed on 01/17/2012
D/A filed on 06/06/2011
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...



Form D Filings

  Form D is a form to be used to file a notice of an exempt offering of securities with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
  Form D contains basic information about the offering and the company.


Form D Filings


Filing Date
Form Type
Industry Group
Securities Offered
Total Offering Amount
Total Amount Sold
Total Remaining




2016-12-07
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
111,604,585
INDEFINITE


2015-12-11
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
108,604,585
INDEFINITE


2015-01-23
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
108,604,585
INDEFINITE


2014-01-28
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
99,986,085
INDEFINITE


2013-01-28
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
94,636,085
INDEFINITE


2012-01-30
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
79,966,898
INDEFINITE


2012-01-17
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
18,844,929
INDEFINITE


2011-06-06
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
24,419,355
INDEFINITE


2010-06-04
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
21,384,654
INDEFINITE


2009-06-09
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
19,136,194
INDEFINITE




Other Issuers in Filings


Name
Address





  No Other Issuers
  




Related Parties included in filings


Name
Address
Relationship




-- --  DELTEC ASSET MANAGEMENT, LLC

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
      



-- --  DELTEC PARTNERS, LLC

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
      



ARTHUR E.  BYRNES

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
      



JOHN   GORDON

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
      



STEPHEN   ZUPPELLO

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
      











Elevate your investments
Try it for free




















Deltec Asset Management, LLC : : People: The Organization




















Please enable Javascript in your browser to access all features of our website.




















People: The Organization
Deltec is an employee owned firm with an established scalable infrastructure.  Our investment management and trading team consists of six portfolio managers and two traders supported by business/operations group of twelve employees.  Deltec's portfolio managers average more than 20 years of investment management experience across different market cycles. We have built a collaborative team working together for many years.
 

Click a team member's name to view their biography:




Arthur E. Byrnes
Senior Managing Director, Investment Policy/Portfolio Management – 40+ years industry experience, joined Deltec in 1971





Mr. Byrnes manages Deltec Emerging Market Income Fund, L.P. and is ultimately responsible for all aspects of Deltec's emerging markets investment activities, including debt and equity portfolios. He is also actively involved in overseeing many of the firm's investments in distressed credits and high yield securities. Mr. Byrnes is currently a director of The Brazilian American Chamber of Commerce and The Ecuadorian American Association. He received a BA from Harvard College in 1967 and an MBA from Stanford University Graduate School of Business in 1971.






John R. Gordon
Senior Managing Director, Investment Policy/Portfolio Management – 35+ years industry experience, joined Deltec in 1988





Mr. Gordon manages the Deltec Forum Fund, L.P and is responsible for the management of Deltec's US equity investments and separate multi-strategy accounts.  Prior to joining Deltec, he was a managing director of Kidder, Peabody & Co., where he spent 12 years in the firm's corporate finance department.  Mr. Gordon is a director of Anadarko Petroleum Corporation, where he is currently the lead director, and he served as chairman of the bondholder committees during the bankruptcies of Freuhauf Corporation and Southland Corporation.  He received a JD/MBA from Harvard Law and Business Schools in 1976 and a BA from Harvard College in 1971.






Denise G. Vitti, CPA
Managing Director, Operations and Administration – 20+ years industry experience, joined Deltec in 1997





Ms. Vitti is responsible for Deltec's operations, accounting and administrative functions and is the firm's Chief Compliance Officer.  Her previous experience includes financial accounting positions with Lehman Brothers and The Goldman Sachs Trust Company. Ms. Vitti began her career with Arthur Young & Company. She received a BS from Fordham University in 1986 and is a Certified Public Accountant licensed in New York State.






Peter J. Coolidge
Managing Director, Portfolio Management/Research – 25+ years industry experience, joined Deltec in 2002





Mr. Coolidge is a portfolio manager focused on special situations strategies.  He manages Deltec Special Situations Partners, LP.  Prior to joining Deltec, Mr. Coolidge was an equities trader at Brean Murray & Co. where he was a Managing Director and at Kidder Peabody & Company where he was a Senior Vice President.  Mr. Coolidge attended Harvard College and Hunter College and received an MBA from Harvard Business School in 1992.






Timothy S. Hall
Managing Director, Portfolio Management/Research – 10+ years industry experience, joined Deltec in 2001





Mr. Hall is a portfolio manager specializing in emerging market equity and fixed income strategies. He assists in the management of Deltec Emerging Market Income Fund, L.P., DEME Master Fund, Ltd. and separate accounts invested in emerging market equity and debt securities. Mr. Hall joined Deltec in 2001 as an emerging market debt and equity trader. He received a BA from Bowdoin College in 2000.






Gregory J. Lesko, CFA
Managing Director, Portfolio Management/Research – 20+ years industry experience, joined Deltec in 2001





Mr. Lesko is a portfolio manager specializing in emerging market strategies.  He manages DEME Master Fund, Ltd. and directs emerging market equity investments throughout the firm.  Prior to joining Deltec, Mr. Lesko was a Managing Director at EastWest Capital Management, where he spent 14 years co-managing a global limited partnership invested in emerging market and domestic equities.  Mr. Lesko received an AB from Dartmouth College in 1986 and a BE from the Thayer School of Engineering at Dartmouth in 1987.  Mr. Lesko is a Chartered Financial Analyst.






Robert A. Noble
Director, Marketing and Investor Relations – 20+ years industry experience, joined Deltec in 2011





Mr. Noble is responsible for Deltec's marketing and investor relations. Prior to joining Deltec, Mr. Noble was a Director of Marketing and Investor Relations for SV Special Situations Fund and was a Vice President of Institutional Sales for Gerson Lehrman Group. Mr. Noble began his career in finance as a Director of Institutional Sales and Product Development at Thomson Financial. He received an MBA from the University of Chicago in 1997 and a BA from Queens College in 1988.






James T. White
 Managing Director, Portfolio Management/Research – 20+ years industry experience, joined Deltec in 1990





Mr. White is a portfolio manager and research analyst. While his research is primarily related to US equity securities, his developed knowledge of certain industries is utilized and benefits other Deltec portfolio managers. Mr. White previously served as Deltec's head trader. He received an AB from Dartmouth College in 1989.










© 2010-2017 Deltec Asset Management, LLC
               
Legal Disclosures · Disbursement Fraud Protection


deltec-ny.com© 2010-2017 Deltec Asset Management, LLC





 






HedgeZ Fund Profile
































Deltec Emerging Market
Income Fund, L.P.

















Fund Investment Objectives











                                        The investment objective of the Partnership is to provide investors with a total return, consisting of current income and capital appreciation, in excess of the JP Morgan Emerging Markets Index Plus. The Partnership seeks to achieve its objective by investing primarily in debt securities of governments and private sector borrowers in Latin American and other emerging markets. The Partnership invests primarily in U.S. dollar denominated securities, including Eurobonds, Global Bonds, "Brady" Bonds and, to a lesser extent, interests in fully-funded, syndicated commercial bank loans to governments of emerging market countries or to private sector entities. There can be no assurance that the Partnership will achieve its investment objective. 
                                    

















 


















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
























Deltec Emerging Market Income Fund, L.P. in New York, NY - (212) 546-6200





























 

Enter company name












Home


Favorites


Lists


Employers by Major


Employ Veterans


Locations


Blog


Sign In





















                            The Most Advanced Company Information Database
                        





















 








Enter company name



Op. city,state,zip,county














 






Companies

 




Lists






 








Enter company name



Op. city,state,zip,county














 






Companies

 




Industries

 
 




Lists















Home

 




My Favorites
My Favorites





Lists





List Builder





Employers by Major





Employ Veterans





Locations





Industries





Blogs







X
You must be a subscriber!


This feature is available to paying subscribers only. 

Click here to learn about our subscription plans.
            



















Deltec Emerging Market Income Fund, L.P.

























Action 


Add to List
Add to Favorites
Share
































        Contact Information
    




Deltec Emerging Market Income Fund, L.P.



623 5th Ave
New York, NY 10022






Contact:
Timothy Hall


Title:
Principal


Phone:


                        212-546-6200
                    



Website:







There are 

60
                Companies located at 623 5th Ave, New York, NY 10022
            












 














            Map
        





View larger map









            Business Description
        



Deltec Emerging Market Income Fund, L.P. is located in New York, New York. This organization primarily operates in the Management Investment, Open-end business / industry within the Holding and Other Investment Offices sector. This organization has been operating for approximately 3 years. Deltec Emerging Market Income Fund, L.P. is estimated to generate $187,752 in annual revenues, and employs approximately 2 people at this single location.









Sector:

Holding and Other Investment Offices



Category:

Management Investment, Open-ended



Industry:

Management Investment, Open-end




SIC Code:

6722











Name:
Deltec Emerging Market Income Fund, L.P.


Year Founded:


2014






Location Type:
Single


Revenue:

$ 187,752



Employees:

2



Facility Size:

N/A



* Revenue & Employees are estimates









Demographics for Zipcode 10022






Percentage Population



28,038
White
1,729
Hispanic
701
Black
3,202
Asian
76
Native American
43
Hawaiian
411
Other


87.8 %
White
5.4 %
Hispanic
2.2 %
Black
10.0 %
Asian
0.2 %
Native American
0.1 %
Hawaiian
1.3 %
Other













Population




Population 
31,924




Female54.6%17,437


Male45.4%14,487




Median Age

45.3




Female45.3


Male45.3






























Questions & Answers









How many people work at Deltec Emerging Market Income Fund, L.P.?





Deltec Emerging Market Income Fund, L.P. has approximately 2 employees at this location.







Are there other companies located at 623 5th Ave, New York, NY?





There are 60 commercial tenants at 623 5th Ave, New York, NY.







Where is Deltec Emerging Market Income Fund, L.P. located?





Deltec Emerging Market Income Fund, L.P. is located at 623 5th Ave, New York, NY 10022.









How big is Deltec Emerging Market Income Fund, L.P.?





Deltec Emerging Market Income Fund, L.P. is estimated to generate $187,752 in annual revenues, and employs approximately 2 people at this location.







How long has Deltec Emerging Market Income Fund, L.P. been in business?





Deltec Emerging Market Income Fund, L.P. has been in business for approximately 3 years.







Is there a key contact at Deltec Emerging Market Income Fund, L.P.?





Timothy Hall is the Principal at Deltec Emerging Market Income Fund, L.P.. You can contact Timothy at (212) 546-6200.







What is the phone number for Deltec Emerging Market Income Fund, L.P.?





The phone number for Deltec Emerging Market Income Fund, L.P. is (212) 546-6200







What are the annual sales for Deltec Emerging Market Income Fund, L.P.?





Deltec Emerging Market Income Fund, L.P. generates approximately $187,752 in annual sales.










 

































Generate 
More Revenue 
with 
Buzzfile 











Uncover and contact more high-value prospects in less time than with any other resource





Information on 18 million companies, 50 million contacts, 6 million buildings & 18,000 industries





Complete list of businesses in any building





Advanced search, filtering and list-building





































Nearby Resources









                        Restaurant
                    




                        Coffee
                    




                        Parking
                    






                        Hotel
                    




                        Taxi
                    




                        Pharmacy
                    






                        Bank
                    




                        Gas
                    




                        Grocery
                    


















Statistics for Zipcode 10022






Average House Value


                                $ 855,100
                            



Average Household Income


                                $ 109,625
                            



Number of Households

19,253



Persons per Household

1.62













Number of Businesses

10,618



Number of Employees

124,710



Land Area (square miles)

0.436



Water Area (square miles)

0.000



















×
Save as List






List Name





Classification

General Interest
Personal
Prospect
Trade / Industry




List Type

Companies
Places
Contacts




Description





Upload Image




X



Who can access this list?



Public - Everyone can view and edit (appears in search results)





Pre-approve members with following email domain(s):

Domains





Add







Remove





Can members edit this list?



                                    Yes
                                




                                    No
                                




                                        I will decide for each user / group
                                    



Username





Add








Remove












                                                Location
                                            







                                                    This list covers companies throughout the entire U.S.
                                                




                                                    This list covers a specific geographic area (you can select more than one state, city…)
                                                


City






County






State






Zipcode





Area Code





Add





Type
Criteria







Remove











                                                Sector, Category & Industry
                                            





                                                Control the types of companies that can be added to this list.
                                            

Sector

 



Category

 



Industry

 



SIC Code

 



Add





Type
Criteria







Remove



























Add to List






Add to Existing List












Create a new list



Cancel
Save
















×
Sign In




Not a member? Register Now 




Username





Password











                                        Remember me
                                    


Forgot Password?

















×
Subscriber Not Found




Not a subscriber? Contact Buzzfile Now.



                        We could not locate a subscriber with that email or username.
                        Try signing in with a different username or email, or Telecom support at [email protected] or 212-913-9151.
                    




Username





Password





















Remove Company Confirmation



I confirm that I, , with email address  am an owner, employee or representative, with authorization to approve the removal of the profile for:




I authorize Buzzfile to release my contact and other pertinent information to the necessary parties should this removal be contested.
I am requesting to remove this company profile.


Dear , 
Your request to remove the company profile has been denied for:




You are only permitted to claim ownership and remove one company profile. You have previously claimed ownership and removed the profile for:




You can contact us at [email protected] with any questions.



Cancel


















About Us


Partnerships


Terms of Use


Privacy Policy


Remove Company


Contact Us







 
 






















 
 




        Copyright © 2017 Buzzfile Media LLC. All Rights Reserved.
    

            45 Broadway, Ste 1420, New York, NY 10006
        












×
Error








Close










Alert






Close



























 

    Deltec Emerging Market Income Fund LP Rankings


















Toggle navigation





 

 
 


Toggle navigation



 
 






                    Deltec Emerging Market Income Fund LP

                    
                                            
Claim


 


Quick Statistics:



            Current Rank:
        

           New
        



            Current Score:
        





            Current Rank:
        





            All-time Average Rank:
        

            551
        



            All-time Average Score:
        

            236
        



            Max Drawdown:
        





            Annualized Standard Deviation:
        





            Year to Date Return:
        





           5-Star Rating:
        



 

Recent Performance:



Month
HedgeRank™
Rank
Change
HedgeScore™
Score
Change
One Month Return
Return Amount
12 Month Return
5 Year Return
Total Assets




May / 2014

                553
            
 -5
232
 -7
1.42%
Unknown
-3.25
85.90

                    $57,566,536
                


March / 2014

                548
            
 0
239
New
4.63%
Unknown
-8.07
122.61

                    $55,038,173
                





Awards

This hedge fund has no awards.
 

Trophies

This hedge fund has not won any awards or trophies that we currently track. Are we missing something? 
 

Superlatives

 Deltec Emerging Market Income Fund LP's best month
        was March 2014,
        ranked #548 with a HedgeScore of 239
                    earning a 4.63% positive return of
            $2,548,267.
 Deltec Emerging Market Income Fund LP's worst month
            was May 2014
            , ranked #553 with a HedgeScore of 232
                            earning a 1.42% positive return of
                $817,445.
 

Graphs
Assets Under Management

Monthly Return Percentage

Return on Investment




Embed Options


Options:
            Quick Stats
            
            Recent Performance
            
            Trophies
            
            Superlatives
            
            Graphs
            




 
 
 


                Obligatory disclaimer: All of our data is crawled from the web and our understanding is that all hedge fund data is self-reported, meaning the data is only as good as the discloser is honest, and we obviously can't vouch for that.
                HedgeFundRanks.com is not an investment advisor. Use our rankings at your own risk!
            
 
 









	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































