










 







Dementia Discovery LP - Pooled Investment Fund- Barker  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









Dementia Discovery LP

      Industry: Pooled Investment Fund
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    71 Kingsway  
    London, X0, WC2B 6STPhone: 44 20 7421 7070 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-10-17


Amended


$24,102,787


$24,102,787


Other


06b 3C 3C.7


SEC link




	2015-10-15


New


Yet to Sell


$0


Other


06b 3C 3C.7


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Laurence Barker 
 Executive 


 Catherine Bingham 
 Executive 


 Hamish Cameron 
 Executive 


 N/A Dementia Discovery General Partner Llp 
 Executive 


 N/A Dementia Discovery Gp Lp 
 Executive 


 Tetsuyuki Maruyama 
 Executive 


 Michael Ross 
 Executive 


 N/A Sv Life Sciences Managers Llp 
 Executive 













DEMENTIA DISCOVERY LP - Free Company Check































UK COMPANIES LISTFind, check and analyze companies data









Find company: 



















0DOCs






Number of documents in the cart:

0



Price of documents:

£ 0.00
































checkout




Empty cart
















watch this company




Free company watchdog service



Enter your email:









    							Track all the changes in the company DEMENTIA DISCOVERY LP for free.
    							You will learn immediately about the appointment and dismissal of directors,
    							about the new company documents, bankruptcy or liquidation of the Company.
    							Watchdog service can be cancelled any time.
    						







DEMENTIA DISCOVERY LP

		Learn more about DEMENTIA DISCOVERY LP.
        Check the company's details for free and view the Companies House information, company documents and list of directors.
	

UK
					 - England
					 - Greater London
					 - Camden
					 - Holborn and Covent Garden
					 - Holborn and Covent Garden - WC2B 6






Info
Accounts
Returns
Mortgages
Company documents
Company directors and board members









Company details 


					71 KINGSWAY, LONDON, WC2B 6ST

									

DEMENTIA DISCOVERY LP on the map
 












Company type: Limited Partnership 
Company number: LP016829 
Company status: Active 


				country of origin: United Kingdom 

									incorporation date: 2015.08.27
																has UK establishment:  No   
				has appointments:  No   

				in liquidation:  No  















Accounts:


																								overdue: NO 
																account category: NO ACCOUNTS FILED 
								documents available: 1 















Returns:


																overdue: NO 
																documents available: 1 




















List of company documents:





buy all documents

                        Find out more information about DEMENTIA DISCOVERY LP. Our website makes it possible to view other available documents related to DEMENTIA DISCOVERY LP.
                        You have at your disposal scanned copies of official documents submitted by the company at Companies House. These documents may
                        contain Accounts, Annual Returns, Director appointments, Director resignations, administration and liquidation events,
                        registered office changes, strike off actions, charges and more.
                    



£2.95
Add to cart




 1 LIMITED PARTNER APPOINTED. INCREASE IN CONTRIBUTION. LIMITED PARTNER APPOINTED:ASTEX THERAPEUTICS LIMITED. 
Form type: LP6 Date: 2016.11.08 

£2.95
Add to cart




 TERM CHANGED. TYPE OF BUSINESS CHANGED. 8 LIMITED PARTNERS APPOINTED. 1 LIMITED PARTNER CEASED TO BE LIMITED PARTNER. INCREASE IN CONTRIBUTION. REDUCTION IN CONTRIBUTION. LIMITED PARTNER APPOINTED:ALZHEIMER'S RESEARCH UK. LIMITED PARTNER RESIGNED:SV DDF NUMBR 1 LIMITED (THE 'FIRST LIMITED PARTNER'). MORE PARTNERS AVAILABLE ON IMAGE. 
Form type: LP6 Date: 2015.10.29 

£2.95
Add to cart




1 GENERAL PARTNER APPOINTED, 1 LIMITED PARTNER APPOINTED AND THE TOTAL AMOUNT CONTRIBUTED IS 1 GBP. GENERAL PARTNER APPOINTED:DEMENTIA DISCOVERY GP LP. LIMITED PARTNER APPOINTED:SV DDF NUMBER 1 LIMITED. 
Form type: LP5 Date: 2015.08.27 Child documents:

Document type: ANNOTATION
Date: 2015.08.27
Form type: CERT12
Document description: LIMITED PARTNERSHIP







Know about every new company document that is added!
                    Take advantage of our watch this company feature free of charge and have notifications sent directly to your inbox.
                    Whenever a new document appears on this website, or if their particulars change, you will be immediately
                    informed about such changes. To monitor these changes, all you need to do is click on watch this company.
                





















Companies near to DEMENTIA DISCOVERY LP


MICHAEL BLAKENEY AND ASSOCIATES LIMITED - 5TH FLOOR, 71 KINGSWAY, LONDON, WC2B 6ST
			

ABA EUROPE LIMITED - 5TH FLOOR, 71 KINGSWAY, LONDON, WC2B 6ST
			

THE DISTRIBUTION COMPANY TDC LTD - 5TH FLOOR, 71 KINGSWAY, LONDON, WC2B 6ST
			

EUROVIEW UK LIMITED - 5TH FLOOR, 71 KINGSWAY, LONDON, WC2B 6ST
			

HAIG FINANCE LIMITED - 5TH FLOOR, 71 KINGSWAY, LONDON, WC2B 6ST
			

UNDERCOVER STORAGE LIMITED - 5TH FLOOR, 71 KINGSWAY, LONDON, WC2B 6ST
			

LONDON LIGHTS LIMITED - 5TH FLOOR 71 KINGSWAY, LONDON, WC2B 6ST
			

TUSHITA U.K. LIMITED - 5TH FLOOR, 71 KINGSWAY, LONDON, WC2B 6ST
			

JUST MONEY (FINANCE) LTD - 71 KINGSWAY, LONDON, WC2B 6ST
			

ARTIOS PHARMA LIMITED - 71 KINGSWAY, LONDON, UNITED KINGDOM, WC2B 6ST
			

EGO REWARDS LIMITED - 5TH FLOOR, 71 KINGSWAY, LONDON, WC2B 6ST
			

MM VENTURES LIMITED - 5TH FLOOR, 71 KINGSWAY, LONDON, WC2B 6ST
			

SKOTT MUSIC LIMITED - 5TH FLOOR, 71 KINGSWAY, LONDON, WC2B 6ST
			

THINK BIG ENTERTAINMENT LIMITED - 5TH FLOOR, 71 KINGSWAY, LONDON, WC2B 6ST
			

SWEET GIRL LIMITED - 5TH FLOOR, 71 KINGSWAY, LONDON, WC2B 6ST
			




    Information about the Limited Partnership DEMENTIA DISCOVERY LP has been prepared for information purposes only. It is not intended to be nor does it constitute legal advice. This is public information provided by the official company register.



	Date of last update: 2017.05.13.
			
			Reload the data



























	        		        	© companies list, companieslist.co.uk provides public information about business subjects in the UK
					
					
					
					
					
				
disclamer |
					listing policy |
					contact |
					FAQ







Dementia Discovery LP - Who is raising money? | SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, startups and private equity companies















Who is raising money?











Dementia Discovery LP  Funding details


Dementia Discovery LP Industry: Pooled Investment FundCIK Number: 0001655669IRS Number: 981267820Address: 71 KINGSWAY  LONDON WC2B 6STPhone number: 44 20 7421 7070



Latest news
Dementia Discovery LP raised $24,102,787 from 3 investors on 2016-10-17.



Dementia Discovery LP Filings

DateFiling TypeOfferedSoldRemainingMin. investmentInvest. countExemption / Exlusions
2016-10-17Amended Form D$200,000,000$24,102,787$175,897,213$0306b 3C 3C.7[SEC Filing]Total Amount Sold converted from GBP to USD on October 13, 2016. The Total Amount Sold is 19,751,526 GBP.2015-10-15New Form D$200,000,000Yet To Sell$200,000,000$0006b 3C 3C.7[SEC Filing]
Dementia Discovery LP raised $24,102,787 in total.



Directors and Executives of Dementia Discovery LP
Key People in Dementia Discovery LP:

N/A Dementia Discovery GP LPN/A Dementia Discovery General Partner LLPN/A SV Life Sciences Managers LLPCatherine BinghamHamish CameronMichael RossLaurence BarkerTetsuyuki Maruyama








Last visited companies: Kim Road RE Fund, LLC, Krave Pure Foods, Inc., LSF VIII Investments, L.P., LSF VIII Investments, L.P., LimeSpot Solutions Inc.

								© whoisraisingmoney.com
Daily updated news about investment into startups, hedge funds and private equity companies.

















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









 

	Dementia Products: Products for Dementia Patients











































MENU




   
            		                Items : 0
                                    Cart Total : $0.00

Checkout
New Account
Log In


















Innovative Solutions





800.225.2610 customerservice@alimed.com


Free Catalog Request|Bid/Quote Request|Careers



Shop By
ProductShop All CategoriesADLsBariatricsClinic Supplies, Equipment, FurnishingsDiagnostic ImagingDiagnostic EquipmentDurable Medical EquipmentEmergency PreparednessErgonomicsFall ManagementFootwear, Insoles, InsertsHeel ProtectionInfection ControlMedical CartsMedical Materials & ToolsMedical Staff SafetyNever EventsOperating Room SuppliesOrthopedics, Splints and BracesPatient PositionersPediatric Medical SuppliesPhysical TherapyPodiatry Products and SuppliesRadiation Protection ProductsRehabilitationSafe Patient Handling and TransferSkiL-Care™ ProductsSpeech and LanguageStorage and OrganizationWheelchair CushionsOverstock SpecialsSpecialty AreaSpecialty Areas: Hospitals / Surgery Centers Long-Term Care Facilities  Rehabilitation Therapy  Radiation Protection / Imaging  Splints and Braces / Orthopedics  Podiatry Workplace Ergonomics

Custom Products


Videos


Blog


Resources


Events


Worldwide


About Us







AliMed, Inc.
297 High Street
Dedham, MA 02026
1-800-225-2610









            		    Items : 0
                        Cart Total : $0.00
















Home
> Dementia/Alzheimer's Products













Featured Products






Activity Pillow








I Care, A Handbook for Care Partners of People with Dementia








Discovery Apron








Memory and Communication Aids for People with Dementia








Mental Fitness Cards








DLOTCA/Dynamic Cognitive Battery and DLOTCA-G








Dementia/Alzheimer's Products
We carry a wide selection of the top products professionals use for dementia care including dementia related activity solutions and resources:














Page : 1 of 5   [ 1 2 3 4 5 ]
50 Matches found











A Therapy Technique for Improving Memory: Spaced Retrieval

Step-by-step guide provides individuals practice recalling information 

Learn More >







Activity Apron

Provides visual and tactile stimulation for clients with diminished cognitive function 
Bright colors and texture variation 
Threading and buttoning activities help improve fine motor skills 

Learn More >







Activity Pillow

Rests comfortably on lap
Designed specially for Alzheimer's and dementia clients 
High-quality, padded mat straps onto any bed or tray 
Each item is permanently attached to prevent swallowing or loss 

Learn More >







Aerobics of the Mind

Helps clients learn to stretch thinking, try new and different ways of behaving, stimulate memory and develop a more creative brain 

Learn More >







AliMed® Stop Strip

Provide a bold visual reminder for patients or staff not to enter restricted areas
Easily attach with hook-and-loop strips
Fits doorways up to 53"W 


Learn More >







Can Do Activites

A strength-based approach to communication with Alzheimer's clients that focuses on the things that they can still do 
A sensitive and valuable guide for assessment and treatment of individuals and groups with this disease 

Learn More >







Cognitive-Communication Disorders of Dementia, 2d Ed.

Diagnose and treat dementia-related diseases
Provides an in-depth discussion of cognition and communication and Alzheimer’s disease

Learn More >







Connecting the Dots

Outlines effective methods for communicating meaningfully with those with middle-to-late stage Alzheimer's

Learn More >







Daily Reminiscence Calendar

Excellent resource for therapists working with older adults
Works great as a conversation starter 

Learn More >







Dementia Therapy & Program Development

Step-by-step guidance 
Teaches how to write an evaluation and overcome fear of determining medical necessity for dementia programs 

Learn More >







Discovery Apron

Ideal to keep hands busy and divert negative behavior 
Fits over the head and can be tied in back for security 
For ambulatory patients 

Learn More >







DLOTCA/Dynamic Cognitive Battery and DLOTCA-G

New dynamic assessments provide reliable, valid and predictable information that can help assess client's cognitive or social level

Learn More >











Page : 1 of 5   [ 1 2 3 4 5 ]
50 Matches found
























Shop by Category
ProductShop All CategoriesADLsBariatricsClinic Supplies, Equipment, FurnishingsDiagnostic ImagingDiagnostic EquipmentDurable Medical EquipmentEmergency PreparednessErgonomicsFall ManagementFootwear, Insoles, InsertsHeel ProtectionInfection ControlMedical CartsMedical Materials & ToolsMedical Staff SafetyNever EventsOperating Room SuppliesOrthopedics, Splints and BracesPatient PositionersPediatric Medical SuppliesPhysical TherapyPodiatry Products and SuppliesRadiation Protection ProductsRehabilitationSafe Patient Handling and TransferSkiL-Care™ ProductsSpeech and LanguageStorage and OrganizationWheelchair CushionsOverstock Specials









AliMed HomeNewsAbout UsContact UseCatalogView Invoices OnlineFAQReturnsShipping InformationGHX OrderingEDI Order OptionsGSA ContractPrivacy PolicyCareer OpportunitiesTell a ColleagueAdvertiser Media KitProposition 65 FAQ






		
			        ©2017 AliMed All Rights Reserved.    |    eCommerce development by Brave River Solutions




ABOUT SSL CERTIFICATES



























































Dementia Discovery Fund – Dementia Discovery Fund


































 




Dementia Discovery Fund









Cultivating Innovation in Dementia Research






The Dementia Discovery Fund is a close collaboration between charity, industry and the government, to provide much-needed investment in innovative dementia research











Portfolio







Team







Scientific Advisory Board







Investors












                            Investing in Innovative Research
                        





0" allowfullscreen>
                                    






                            Investing in Innovative Research
                        

Managed by SV Health Managers LLP, the DDF is a specialist venture capital fund, aiming to discover and develop breakthrough treatments for dementia.
We have a mandate to validate novel hypotheses and expand the breadth of targets and mechanisms in development for dementia over the 15 year life of the fund.
This enables the DDF to invest in truly novel, early-stage projects starting from target identification, and explore novel biological insights for translation into disease-modifying drugs.

                                I'm looking for funding for a dementia focused project or company
                            
More









The Impact of Dementia
As the average age of the population grows, dementia is quickly becoming one of the biggest global challenges we face – the burden is increasing proportionately.
There are no existing therapies that have a meaningful impact on symptoms or the disease.




Reference:
						Prince et al (2015) World Alzheimer Report 2015, The Global Impact of Dementia





47m
People affected by dementia worldwide1


9.9m
New cases of dementia in 2015


$818bn
Global cost of dementia in 20152










We will invest in innovative approaches to bring disease-modifying drugs to the clinic












For very early stage programmes, DDF has mechanisms in place to fund up to $1m for hypothesis testing with the aim of company spin-out on achievement of agreed milestones.


For companies closer to the clinic, DDF will invest or co-invest larger amounts in order to progress through candidate selection and early clinical trials.













We have invested in a small molecule chemical library of over 500,000 compounds to support drug discovery programmes
To find out more click here








How We Will Help You







Clinical and Scientific Strategy




Operational Support




Investment








We understand what you do – our team has experience in discovery, preclinical and clinical development through to commercialisation based on decades of experience in global pharmaceuticals, biotechnology, contract research organisations (CRO) and academia.  So, from personal experience, we can provide guidance and hands-on support to help you develop your invention/insight in order to achieve our goal of getting innovative drugs to dementia patients.


We know how to run projects and businesses like yours – we collaborate with scientific founders from across the world to develop innovative drugs that get to market.  Our international team has strong operating expertise from across the life sciences arena, and we enjoy rolling up our sleeves to help build project and financing plans, recruit teams, provide operational management, and offer strategic support to help demonstrate how your invention/insight can have a clinical impact in dementia patients.


We have been successful – since 1993, SV Health Managers has created and/or funded over 175 life sciences companies in the US and EU, working collaboratively with universities, academic institutes and the biotechnology/pharmaceutical industry. We have a proven record discovering and developing new drugs, many of which are now in routine clinical use and are helping patients every day across a range of indications.











                            Dementia Projects and Companies Looking for Funding
                        













                            Dementia Projects and Companies Looking for Funding
                        



We are keen to hear from scientists, researchers and companies developing novel therapies for Dementia, who are in need of funding and help.













Press Release
Latest Posts





DDF Invests in $20 Million in ...
Ness Ziona, Israel June 27, 2017 – Mitoconix Bio Ltd., a biopharmaceutical company focused on therapies for neurological diseases, announced
[…] Read more


Dementia Discovery Fund Annual Update
Dementia Discovery Fund Annual Update Nine investments made since launch, collaborations established with world-leading academic institutions, scientific strategy prioritised and
[…] Read more


DDF to Invest $5 Million in ...
Dementia Discovery Fund to Invest $5 Million in Cerevance to Seek New Treatments for Dementia London and Boston, 3 May
[…] Read more


Autifony Therapeutics obtains £1.3 million in ...
London, UK – 15th March 2017 – Autifony Therapeutics Limited (“Autifony”), which is pioneering the development of novel pharmaceutical treatments
[…] Read more


DDF Acquires Small Molecule Library and ...
The Dementia Discovery Fund announces the acquisition of a >500,000 compound, CNS-biased small molecule library The DDF and Aptuit enter
[…] Read more


DDF invests in Gen2 Neuroscience Ltd
Gen2 is a start-up drug discovery company seeking to develop drugs that target toxic tau species that cause pathology in
[…] Read more


SV appoints world-renowned Chief Scientific Officer ...
Tetsuyuki Maruyama joins from Takeda Pharmaceutical Co. Ltd as CSO Laurence Barker from GSK also joins as Chief Business Officer
[…] Read more


DDF Makes First Investment in Alector ...
First investment of Dementia Discovery Fund is in pioneering immuno-modulatory antibody discovery company, Alector LLC Alector LLC is developing antibody
[…] Read more


Launch of Dementia Discovery Fund New ...
[…] Read more













Latest Posts
DDF Invests in $20 Million in Series A Funding of Mitoconix Bio to Develop Neurodegenerative Disease Therapies
Ness Ziona, Israel June 27, 2017 – Mitoconix Bio Ltd., a biopharmaceutical company focused on therapies for neurological diseases, announced today that it has secured a $20 million round of Series A funding. The round was led by Remiges Ventures with participation from OrbiMed, Dementia Discovery Fund, Arix Bioscience, RMGP Bio-Pharma investment Fund and others. The proceeds will be used to advance Mitoconix Bio’s lead product for the treatment of Huntington’s disease through preclinical and clinical development and to expand its therapeutic pipeline to treat additional neurodegenerative disorders by improving mitochondrial function.
 
“We are very excited to complete our financing round with a leading group of investors that recognize the transformative potential of Mitoconix Bio’s technology for the treatment of neurodegenerative diseases,” said Dr. Eyal Neria, CEO of Mitoconix Bio. “The great need for medicines to slow or arrest progression of neurodegenerative diseases motivates us to rapidly advance our lead product to clinical development and to create a pipeline of therapies for these devastating diseases.”
 
Mitoconix Bio is pioneering a disease-modifying strategy of improving mitochondrial functions for treating neurodegenerative diseases. Mitochondria are the energy-generating organelles within cells, and their proper function is critical for human health. Excessive mitochondrial fragmentation resulting in small and dysfunctional mitochondria is a central pathological process in human diseases and specifically neurodegeneration[i]. Mitoconix Bio’s lead product MTC-1203, is a first-in-class selective inhibitor of excessive mitochondrial division for treating Huntington’s disease and other neurodegenerative disorders. MTC-1203 has demonstrated efficacy in mouse models of Huntington’s and Parkinson’s diseases.
 
Established in August 2016 in the FutuRx incubator, Mitoconix Bio’s program is based on the breakthrough scientific discoveries of its founder Daria Mochly-Rosen, The George D. Smith Professor in Translational Medicine at Stanford University, School of Medicine, and her team. The Stanford team has identified the molecular-based pathological interactions leading to excess mitochondrial fission and based on that identified pharmacological inhibitors of excess fission[ii]. Mitoconix exclusively licensed the technology from Stanford University.
 
Taro Inaba, Founder and Managing Partner of Remiges Ventures, said, “Mitoconix Bio offers a disruptive approach of improving mitochondrial health for treating neurodegenerative diseases, which is based on the breakthrough discoveries of Prof. Mochly-Rosen. We are extremely excited to lead Mitoconix Bio’s Series A round that provides sufficient funds to bring its lead product to the clinic, aiming to be a first-in-class disease-modifying therapeutic for treating neurodegenerative diseases including Huntington’s disease.”
 
Dr. Einat Zisman, FutuRx CEO, said, “This is the second successful series A round of a FutuRx portfolio company this year. This investment validates the quality of the technologies that are selected and effectively incubated by FutuRx, resulting in portfolio companies that are attractive to global biopharma investors.” Anya Eldan, General Manager, Start-Up Division, Israel Innovation Authority, added, “The Israel Innovation Authority Biotech Incubator program brings together experienced investors and management teams. Government support reduces the risk and enables establishment of innovative early stage ventures such as Mitoconix.”
 
About Neurodegenerative diseases and Huntington’s disease
Neurodegenerative diseases are a group of brain disorders characterized by progressive and irreversible neuronal damage and loss, including Alzheimer’s, Parkinson’s and Huntington’s diseases. Neurodegenerative disease symptoms are diverse, but generally include decline in movement capabilities and mental abilities. Huntington’s disease is a fatal genetic disorder that causes a progressive loss of nerve cells in the brain, leading to physical and mental deterioration. Growing evidence links neurodegeneration to mitochondrial dysfunction and specifically to excessive mitochondrial division, also known as mitochondrial fission.
[i] Archer, S. L. (2013) ‘Mitochondrial Dynamics — Mitochondrial Fission and Fusion in Human Diseases’, New England Journal of Medicine 369 pp. 2236–2251.
[ii] Guo, X., Disatnik, M.-H., Monbureau, M., Shamloo, M., Mochly-Rosen, D. and Qi, X. (2013) ‘Inhibition of mitochondrial fragmentation diminishes Huntington’s disease-associated neurodegeneration.’, The Journal of clinical investigation. 123, pp. 5371–88.
 
 











Latest Posts
Dementia Discovery Fund Annual Update
Dementia Discovery Fund Annual Update
Nine investments made since launch, collaborations established with world-leading academic institutions, scientific strategy prioritised and international team strengthened
Significant new investment from Woodford Investment Management
London and Boston, 19 June 2017 – The Dementia Discovery Fund, a venture capital fund focused on discovering and developing novel therapies for dementia, today announces an update on progress made in its first year of investment and significant new investment by Woodford Investment Management via Woodford Patient Capital Trust (WPCT).
The DDF, launched in October 2015, announced its first investment in January 2016 and has made significant progress, on track with the Fund’s goals, towards delivering new drug approaches to modify the course of dementia treatment. Achievements demonstrated to date include:

Nine investments made exploring novel mechanisms or creating unique and valuable infrastructure, three further near term opportunities identified
Four compelling key scientific themes identified to focus investment with the flexibility to also support high-quality opportunistic projects
Strong industrial, scientific and academic network established to drive deal flow and a wide range of investible opportunities seen
Brought on board an exciting team of Entrepreneurs-in-Residence, along with a world-leading SAB and SV’s Biotech and Venture Partners in both London and Boston, combining to bolster blue-chip DDF team already in place

 Tetsu Maruyama, CSO of the DDF, said: “The DDF has a unique approach and this first year of investing has shown clearly how our new way of focusing investment and deploying an expert team can unlock areas of dementia research that would otherwise be underdeveloped or unacknowledged. We draw on the combined expertise of our network and collaborate creatively with researchers, entrepreneurs, investors, charities and industry. The fact that, in addition to investing in established businesses, we are willing and able translate ripe, investible science through translational projects, company formation and our establishment of Entrepreneurs-in-Residence is particularly critical in meeting what is a huge and growing global challenge.”
Kate Bingham, Managing Partner of SV, said: “One year into investing at DDF and we see a material change on the horizon which could be classified as comparable to the oncology scene more than a decade ago. It has been enormously gratifying to have seen the vision behind the DDF – of creating new opportunities in dementia research – being realised so early. There is no shortage of high-quality international science in the field and there is a vast opportunity in taking validated interventions and insights from other disease areas and applying them to dementia. We know we are making progress and we look forward to building on this strong start and making a significant difference to the field. The new investment by Woodford Investment Management is strong validation of the DDF’s highly innovative approach.”
Scientific Strategy
A goal of the DDF is to bring greater diversity to dementia research, explore areas beyond the prevailing amyloid beta hypothesis and to take insights from other therapeutic areas an apply those to the brain.
Working closely with its world-class Scientific Advisory Board, the DDF team has developed a scientific strategy which currently prioritises investment into four defined and executed key scientific areas supported by human genetic and pathological data. These are: microglial biology and inflammation; mitochondrial dynamics; trafficking and membrane biology; and synaptic physiology and function. Compelling opportunities outside these areas are also reviewed.
Team
Since launch, the DDF has built an outstanding in-house team with deep experience in neuroscience. The core DDF team works closely with its Scientific Advisory Board and world-class consultants in London and Boston, as well as the established venture management team at SV. The team is also supported by Entrepreneurs-in-Residence, bringing additional experience in translation, research and academia. The DDF is actively seeking new Entrepreneurs-in-Residence to lead translational projects and early stage companies.
Management of the fund is led by Tetsu Maruyama, Chief Scientific Officer and Laurence Barker, Chief Business Officer. Tetsu joined from Takeda where he was Head of Global Drug Discovery. Laurence joined the DDF from GSK where he was Head of Investment Management in Worldwide Business Development, responsible for managing GSK’s venture investment portfolio. Team ethos and strategy is streamlined with a rapid communication and decision making process in place.
Portfolio companies and translational programmes review
DDF’s current investments include research-led projects, new companies and investments in established companies:
Portfolio companies

Cerevance, a start-up company exploiting a powerful novel platform for identifying and validating new disease targets in human brain tissue developed at Rockefeller University and experienced drug discovery scientists in Cambridge, UK
Tiaki Therapeutics, a DDF-formed company industrialising a sophisticated in vitro model of brain immune cell function to identify modulators of microglial function for treatment of neurodegeneration
DDF ChemCo, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the DDF with a proprietary 500,000 molecule CNS-focused compound library available for use by DDF portfolio companies, projects and external collaborators
Gen2 Neuroscience, a UK-based, seed-stage company founded by University of Cambridge Professor Rick Livesey, seeking to identify specific disease-associated forms of tau, a protein closely associated with neurodegeneration
Alector, a California-based biotech company developing antibody drugs to boost the brain’s immune response to neurodegeneration with an academic founder from Columbia University

Translational programmes

Rheostat, projects aiming to identify tractable targets to restore normal mitochondrial function in Parkinson’s disease, accessing materials and expertise from Toronto, and Harvard Universities
Parkinson’s Dementia Targets Platform, accessing data from Harvard Medical School seeks to test a novel target identification platform for factors that contribute to accelerated dementia in Parkinson’s disease patients
Autifony collaboration, an established biotech company with clinical assets in CNS diseases. DDF is collaborating on a project based on discoveries from Yale University to explore a specific ion channel and its potential role in Alzheimer’s Disease
Membrane Contact Sites Project, a series of synergistic projects with world-leading membrane function and cell biology experts from several Ivy League Universities

Contacts:
Dementia Discovery Fund
Laurence Barker, CBO, laurence.barker@svlsm.com, +44 20 7421 7092
Consilium Strategic Communications
Mary-Jane Elliott, Chris Gardner, Ivar Milligan, Melissa Gardiner
DDF@consilium-comms.com
+44 20 3709 5700
About the Dementia Discovery Fund (DDF)
The DDF is a venture capital fund which invest in projects and companies to discover and develop novel, effective disease-modifying therapeutics for dementia. Seven leading pharmaceutical companies (GSK, Biogen, Lilly, Takeda, Pfizer, Johnson & Johnson, and Astex, a subsidiary of Otsuka), the UK’s Department of Health and charity Alzheimer’s Research UK have invested in the DDF to date. Heads of Neuroscience and R&D represent these strategic investors on the DDF Scientific Advisory Board and work closely with SV’s dedicated team of neuroscientists and experts to identify and evaluate novel approaches for the treatment of dementia. SV won the bid to become Manager in a competitive selection process held in 2015.
About SV Life Sciences and SV Health Investors (‘SV’)
SV Health Investors, formerly SV Life Sciences, is a leading healthcare and life sciences venture capital and growth equity firm. SV’s goal is to transform healthcare – one investment at a time – by supporting the entrepreneurs who create and build breakthrough companies and treatments. With over $2 billion in capital under management in seven private healthcare funds, a 20-year track record in the US and Europe and offices in Boston, San Francisco and London, SV drives the development of new, innovative technologies.
About Woodford Patient Capital Trust (WPCT)
WPCT is the £800m investment trust launched in April 2015 by Woodford Investment Management Ltd (Woodford). The trust invests mainly in early-stage and early-growth companies but also has exposure to some blue-chip companies. Woodford is a fast-growing asset management company built on a founding philosophy of transparency and simplicity. Launched in May 2014, the company has more than £17bn assets under management. Further information can be found at https://woodfordfunds.com
THIS ANNOUNCEMENT IS NOT FOR PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA. THIS ANNOUNCEMENT IS NOT AN OFFER OF SECURITIES FOR SALE INTO THE UNITED STATES. THE SECURITIES REFERRED TO HEREIN HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD IN THE UNITED STATES, EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN APPLICABLE EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION. NO PUBLIC OFFERING OF SECURITIES IS BEING MADE IN THE UNITED STATES











Latest Posts
DDF to Invest $5 Million in Cerevance to Seek New Treatments for Dementia
Dementia Discovery Fund to Invest $5 Million in Cerevance to Seek New Treatments for Dementia
London and Boston, 3 May 2017 – The Dementia Discovery Fund, an innovative global investment fund managed by SV Life Sciences and launched in 2015 to develop disease modifying drugs for dementia, today announced a $5 million investment in the initial financing round of start-up drug discovery company, Cerevance.
With locations in Boston, Massachusetts and Cambridge, UK, Cerevance is harnessing a proprietary technology platform, invented in the Howard Hughes Medical Institute laboratory of Nathaniel Heintz, Ph.D. at Rockefeller University. The technology will enable the molecular analysis of specific cell types in human brain tissue rather than relying on animal models to reveal critical pathways and receptors present in vulnerable cell populations as well as molecular responses in those cell populations to diseases such as Alzheimer’s and Parkinson’s disease.
“We are eager to see Cerevance immediately apply its powerful approach to dementia,” said Tetsuyuki Maruyama, Ph.D., Chief Scientific Officer of the Dementia Discovery Fund who will serve on Cerevance’s Board of Directors. “Our Scientific Advisory Board, which contains senior R&D leaders from seven global pharmaceutical and biotech companies, is confident that Cerevance will make breakthrough discoveries, enabling the company to advance new medicines that may prevent, slow or reverse the process of a broad range of devastating dementias.”
“There are 50 million dementia patients worldwide, and 10 million more being diagnosed each year,” said Laurence Barker, Ph.D., Chief Business Officer of the Dementia Discovery Fund. “With
exceptional science, a strong sense of urgency, a leadership team that has previously succeeded together in drug discovery and solid investor support, Cerevance is well positioned to deliver life-
changing therapeutics for dementia patients.”
“It is thrilling to welcome an investor whose strategic focus is so perfectly aligned with our mission,” said Brad Margus, Chief Executive Officer of Cerevance. “The investment team and strategic investors involved with the Dementia Discovery Fund will give Cerevance access to a dream team of world-class advisors.”
Together with the $36 million in commitments of equity and non-dilutive capital from Lightstone Ventures and Takeda Pharmaceuticals Company, Ltd. (TSE: 4502) announced in December, the
new company has now raised over $41 million.
About the Dementia Discovery Fund (DDF)
The DDF is a venture capital fund which invests in projects and companies to discover and develop novel, effective disease-modifying therapeutics for dementia. Seven leading pharmaceutical companies (GSK, Biogen, Lilly, Takeda, Pfizer, Johnson & Johnson, and Astex, a subsidiary of Otsuka), the UK’s Department of Health, and charity Alzheimer’s Research UK have invested in the DDF to date. Heads of Neuroscience and R&D represent these strategic investors on the DDF Scientific Advisory Board and work closely with SV’s dedicated team of neuroscientists and experts to identify and evaluate novel approaches for the treatment of dementia. SV Life Sciences won the bid to become Manager in a competitive selection process held in 2015.  www.theddfund.com
About Dementia
Alzheimer’s disease (AD) accounts for over 60% of cases of dementia, and affects 1% of the world’s population. At 85 years of age, there is a 50% chance of developing AD, and the incidence is increasing with aging demographics. Initial symptoms include difficulty remembering recent events, which progresses to disorientation, mood changes, and loss of motivation. Patients become wheelchair bound and entirely dependent on care givers. The impact of dementia is therefore on the patient, their family, and wider society. AD charities actively highlight the societal impact of AD. The World Alzheimer Report estimates that costs are split 20% on medical care, 40% on social services, and 40% on primary care givers. Caregiving often has a negative impact on health, employment, income and family finances.
The World Alzheimer Report (2015) has estimated that the annual costs associated with dementia amounted to 1% of the world’s gross domestic product ($600 billion in 2010, rising to $818 billion in 2015). The report estimates that 35.6 million people worldwide were living with dementia in 2010. It forecasts 66 million by 2030, and 115 million by 2050.

Contacts:
Dementia Discovery Fund
Dr Laurence Barker, Chief Business Officer
Email: laurence.barker@svlsm.com
Cerevance, LLC
Rob Middlebrook, Chief Financial Officer
Email: rob@cerevance.com











Latest Posts
Autifony Therapeutics obtains £1.3 million in funding from Innovate UK and the Dementia Discovery Fund to explore novel approach to treatment of dementia
London, UK – 15th March 2017 – Autifony Therapeutics Limited (“Autifony”), which is pioneering the development of novel pharmaceutical treatments for serious disorders of the central nervous system, today announced a new funding award of £895,000 from the Biomedical Catalyst for initiation of a research programme with a novel approach to the treatment of dementia. An investment of £400,000 from the Dementia Discovery Fund (“DDF”) will also be used to pursue this highly novel approach to dementia treatment.
Autifony will use its extensive expertise in the voltage-gated ion channel field to tackle a different subtype of potassium channel, which has been implicated in Alzheimer’s disease (“AD”) and potentially other dementias, through regulation of synapse function. Synaptic function is impaired early in the course of the disease and therefore novel drugs that target this previously unexplored ion channel could have potential not only to improve symptoms of AD, but to be disease modifying.
Dr Charles Large, Chief Executive Officer of Autifony Therapeutics commented: “We are excited to be using our expertise in ion channel drug discovery for a research programme in an area of such huge unmet medical need – dementia is one of the largest problems facing our society in the 21st century. The renewed Biomedical Catalyst and unique Dementia Discovery Fund partnership are making significant contributions to pioneering research in this field and we are fortunate in having attracted funding from both to progress our research in this important area.”
Dr Tetsu Maruyama, Chief Scientific Officer of the Dementia Discovery Fund commented: “DDF’s mission is to ensure that new and original opportunities to treat dementias receive the resources that can enable their success. Autifony, as world leaders in their field, have an innovative approach to dementia discovery that could validate new treatment strategies and at the same time kickstart a rapid discovery with real potential to deliver relief to millions of patients.”
-ENDS-
About Autifony Therapeutics Ltd
Autifony Therapeutics is an independent UK based biotechnology company formed in 2011 as a spin-out from GSK, which retains equity in the company. The Company is focused on the development of high value, novel medicines to treat serious diseases of the central nervous system. It is funded by SV Life Sciences, Touchstone Innovations plc, Pfizer Venture Investments, International Biotechnology Trust PLC, and UCL Business plc. www.autifony.com
About the Dementia Discovery Fund (DDF)
The DDF is a venture capital fund which invest in projects and companies to discover and develop novel, effective disease-modifying therapeutics for dementia. Seven leading pharmaceutical companies (GSK, Biogen, Lilly, Takeda, Pfizer, J&J, and Astex, a subsidiary of Otsuka), the UK’s Department of Health and charity Alzheimer’s Research UK have invested in the DDF to date. Heads of Neuroscience and R&D represent these strategic investors on the DDF Scientific Advisory Board and work closely with SV’s dedicated team of neuroscientists and experts to identify and evaluate novel approaches for the treatment of dementia. SV Life Sciences won the bid to become Manager in a competitive selection process held in 2015. www.theddfund.com
About Dementia
Alzheimer’s disease (AD) accounts for over 60% of cases of dementia, and affects 1% of the world’s population. At 85 years of age, there is a 50% chance of developing AD and the incidence is increasing with ageing demographics. Initial symptoms include difficulty remembering recent events, which progresses to disorientation, mood changes, and loss of motivation. Patients become wheel-chair bound and entirely dependent on carers. The impact of dementia is therefore on the patient, their family, and wider society. AD charities actively highlight the societal impact of AD. The World Alzheimer Report estimates that costs are split 20% on medical care, 40% on social services, and 40% on primary carers. Caregiving often has a negative impact on health, employment, income and family finances. In the UK, there are estimated to be over 670,000 people acting as primary, unpaid carers for people with dementia, saving an estimated £11bn each
year from the public purse.
The World Alzheimer Report (2015) has estimated that the annual costs associated with dementia amounted to 1% of the world’s gross domestic product ($600bn in 2010, rising to $818bn in 2015). The report estimates that 35.6m people worldwide were living with dementia in 2010. It forecasts 66m by 2030, and 115m by 2050.
About Innovate UK
Innovate UK is the UK’s innovation agency. It works with people, companies and partner organisations to find and drive the science and technology innovations that will grow the UK economy. For further information visit www.innovateuk.gov.uk
About Biomedical Catalyst
Catalysts are run jointly by Innovate UK and the Research Councils. A Catalyst is a form of research and development funding which focuses on a specific priority area and aims to help take projects from research to as close to commercial viability as possible. The Catalyst model supports projects in priority areas where the UK research base has a leading position and where there is clear commercial potential. Current Catalysts include: Biomedical Catalyst, Agri-tech Catalyst and the Industrial Biotechnology Catalyst.
For more information, please contact:
Autifony Therapeutics Limited
Dr Charles Large, Chief Executive Officer
E: charles.large@autifony.com
Instinctif Partners
Sue Charles, Tim Watson, Alex Bannister
T: +44 (0) 20 7866 7860
E: Autifony@instinctif.com
Dementia Discovery Fund
Dr Laurence Barker, Chief Business Officer
E: laurence.barker@svlsm.com











Latest Posts
DDF Acquires Small Molecule Library and Enters Strategic Partnership with Aptuit to Kickstart Dementia Drug Discovery Programmes

The Dementia Discovery Fund announces the acquisition of a >500,000 compound, CNS-biased small molecule library
The DDF and Aptuit enter into a strategic partnership to leverage the DDF library and Aptuit’s capabilities for dementia drug discovery

LONDON, BOSTON, GREENWICH, 28 February 2017 – The Dementia Discovery Fund (‘DDF’), a venture capital fund focused on discovering and developing novel therapies for dementia, and Aptuit, an integrated drug discovery CRO, announce a strategic drug discovery partnership to kick-start small molecule drug discovery programmes for novel dementia-related targets. The DDF has acquired a 513,000 compound, CNS-focussed small molecule library. Together with Aptuit, the DDF, DDF companies, partners and collaborators will be able to run high throughput screens using this curated library, biased towards compound properties favourable for CNS drug discovery. The combination of DDF’s CNS discovery expertise and Aptuit’s world-class drug discovery capabilities will support companies and academics to translate their biological, genetic and other insights into successful drug discovery programmes, cultivating acceleration of innovation in the dementia field.
Academic researchers and early stage start-up companies often struggle to access high quality small molecule libraries to develop tool compounds to probe the druggability of their novel targets. Through this library, the DDF can support projects with a specific and testable hypothesis that could deliver therapeutic benefit to patients. A further challenge in the dementia field is the need to identify molecules that can access targets in brain tissue, across the blood brain barrier. By granting ready access to this curated library with chemical properties favourable for blood brain barrier penetration, DDF hopes to enable and support new approaches that will cure dementia, in line with the DDF mission.
The DDF small molecule library is housed at the high throughput screening site of Aptuit, in Basel, Switzerland. Aptuit has expertise in compound library management, high throughput screening, selectivity testing, hit characterization and progression of discovery programmes. Aptuit will perform screens against the library, or can facilitate offsite screening of the library if required. Access to the library will be enabled for academic groups and early drug discovery companies as part of a DDF investment or on a fee-for-service basis through DDF ChemCo, a wholly-owned DDF company established to manage the library.
“Our ownership of the DDF ChemCo small molecule library and partnership with Aptuit will allow DDF to help innovative researchers and companies test novel discovery strategies for dementia drug discovery rapidly and cost-effectively. This will help us achieve our mission to create diverse and effective new medicines for people with dementia,” said Tetsu Maruyama, CSO of the DDF.
Stephan Fasler, CEO Aptuit (Switzerland) AG commentated, “Discovering and developing new treatments for the causes of dementia is an important task to help protect today’s increasingly aging society. Aptuit is therefore very proud to be part of this strategic partnership. We will offer DDF companies, partners and collaborators support in achieving their goals by making available our experience and expertise in computational chemistry, compound logistics, assay development and hit discovery to provide tailored solutions for these drug discovery programs.”
Information for academics and companies interested in screening the library can be downloaded from the DDF website or requested by contacting ddfchemco@svlsm.com.
About The Dementia Discovery Fund (DDF)
The DDF is a venture capital fund that invests in projects and companies to discover and develop novel, effective, disease-modifying therapeutics for dementia. Seven leading pharmaceutical companies (GSK, Biogen, Lilly, Takeda, Pfizer, J&J, and Astex, a subsidiary of Otsuka), the UK’s Department of Health and charity Alzheimer’s Research UK have invested in the DDF to date. Heads of Neuroscience and R&D represent these strategic investors on the DDF Scientific Advisory Board and work closely with SV’s dedicated team of neuroscientists and experts to identify, evaluate and develop novel approaches for the treatment of dementia. SV Life Sciences won the bid to become Manager in a competitive selection process held in 2015.
About Aptuit
Aptuit provides the most complete set of integrated early discovery to mid-phase drug development services in the pharmaceutical industry including Drug Design & Discovery, API Development and Manufacture, Solid State Chemistry, CMC, Preclinical and IND enabling GLP/GMP programs. Fully integrated drug discovery & development services are available from our facilities in the UK, Italy, and Switzerland.
Aptuit Holdings, LLC is partnered with Welsh, Carson, and Anderson & Stowe, one of the world’s leading private equity investors.
For more information, please visit www.aptuit.com
DDF ChemoCo CNS-Biased Small Molecule Library











Latest Posts
DDF invests in Gen2 Neuroscience Ltd
Gen2 is a start-up drug discovery company seeking to develop drugs that target toxic tau species that cause pathology in dementia, thereby slowing disease progression.
London and Boston, 3 June 2016 – The Dementia Discovery Fund, managed by SV Life Sciences, an innovative global investment fund launched in October 2015 to develop disease modifying drugs for dementia, announces an investment in new drug discovery company Gen2 Neuroscience Ltd. Gen2 is a seed company engaged in the discovery and development of novel treatments for dementia targeting abnormal forms of the essential cellular protein tau. The company uses proprietary platforms (human diseased and healthy neurons generated from inducible stem cells derived from dementia patients) to identify and target pathological forms of tau, with the aim of developing novel drugs to these tau species. The development of such a novel anti-tau therapeutic intervention could make it possible to slow disease progression.
Gen2 Neuroscience has a strong founding team led by Rick Livesey (CEO) from the University of Cambridge who brings a deep understanding of tau biology and the use of human stem cell systems for research in neurodegeneration. Mark Treherne PhD (CEO of Talisman, Ex-Pfizer, BioFocus, Senexis) is Chairman, and Emily Scraggs PhD (COO of Talisman, formerly RAND Corp, Viant Corp, Keane Inc) is COO.
Carol Routledge, Venture Partner, said: “DDF’s mission is to provide resources for worldleading scientists to pursue novel approaches to treating dementia. This investment in Gen2 and its scientific team is fully aligned with our mission.”
Rick Livesey, Gen2 Neuroscience, CEO, added: “The entire Gen2 team is excited to work with the DDF to accelerate the development of anti-tau therapeutics in dementia. The DDF team is providing valuable support at this key stage in the company’s development.”
For further information please visit the DDF website at www.theddfund.com
Contacts:
SV Life Sciences – Dementia Discovery Fund
Carol Routledge, Venture Partner, carol.routledge@svlsm.com, +44 20 7421 7091
Laurence Barker, CBO, laurence.barker@svlsm.com, +44 20 7421 7094
Gen2 Neuroscience Ltd
Rick Livesey, CEO, rick@gen2neuro.com, +44 1223 804074
Emily Scraggs, COO, emily@gen2neuro.com, +44 7917 730429
Consilium Strategic Communications
Mary-Jane Elliott, Chris Gardner, Amber Fennell, Ivar Milligan
DDF@consilium-comms.com +44 20 3709 5700
About Gen2 Neuroscience Ltd
Gen2 is a seed-stage company founded in January 2016 based in Cambridge UK using neuronal platforms (human diseased and healthy neurons generated from stem cells) to identify disease-associated aberrant forms of tau. The company was founded and is led by Rick Livesey, from the Gurdon Institute, University of Cambridge an academic with a deep understanding of tau and its biology. Co-founders, Mark Treherne PhD (Chairman) and Emily Scraggs PhD (COO), bring decades of proven management and business experience. Legal services for Gen2 are provided by Simon Wallwork, partner at Slater Heelis LLP.
About the Dementia Discovery Fund
The DDF is an innovative global investment fund with the goal of delivering new disease modifying drugs for dementia by 2025. The fund was created by six pharma companies (Biogen, GSK, J&J, Lilly, Pfizer, Takeda), the UK Department of Health and Alzheimer’s Research UK who have each contributed money and expertise through a dedicated DDF Scientific Advisory Board. In late 2015, SV Life Sciences was appointed to be Manager of the DDF. World-class neuroscientists have been hired into the SV team in London and Boston to lead the scientific strategy, led by Dr Tetsu Maruyama, who most recently headed up Takeda’s global discovery and neuroscience group. The DDF works collaboratively with universities, academic institutes, government, the regulatory agencies and the pharmaceutical industry internationally to identify and develop novel drugs for dementia.
About SV Life Sciences
SV Life Sciences is a leading international life sciences venture capital firm. SVLS affiliated funds have invested in over 175 private life sciences companies since the early 1980s and the firm closed its first dedicated life sciences fund in 1994. The SVLS team manages six private venture capital funds with approximately $2 billion of capital under management. The firm employs a diversified strategy within life sciences in order to selectively capitalise on an expanding opportunity in biotech, medical devices and health-care services. SVLS has offices in Boston, London and San Francisco.











Latest Posts
SV appoints world-renowned Chief Scientific Officer to lead the new DDF investment team

Tetsuyuki Maruyama joins from Takeda Pharmaceutical Co. Ltd as CSO
Laurence Barker from GSK also joins as Chief Business Officer
Follows appointments of Carol Routledge and Barbara Tate as Venture Partners

London, 25 January 2016 – The Dementia Discovery Fund (DDF) www.TheDDFund.com, an innovative global investment fund launched in October 2015 to discover and develop new disease modifying drugs for dementia, announces the appointment of Tetsuyuki Maruyama PhD as its Chief Scientific Officer.
Dr Tetsuyuki Maruyama will join the DDF in April 2016 from Takeda Pharmaceutical Co. Ltd where for the past five years he has been Senior VP, General Manager, Pharmaceutical Research Division, leading global drug discovery after his initial appointment as Head of CNS Research. Prior to this he was Director of GlaxoSmithKline Plc’s neuroscience research centre in Singapore, and led Alzheimer’s Disease target discovery efforts at Merck Sharpe & Dohme, Ltd. Dr Maruyama has lectured in neuroscience at Yale University, the University of Minnesota, the University of Edinburgh, and Cardiff University, where he was Professor in the Cardiff School of Biosciences. Dr Maruyama’s research has been published in the world’s leading scientific journals (under his previous name, Paul Chapman).
In addition, Dr Laurence Barker will join the DDF as Chief Business Officer in February 2016 from GlaxoSmithKline Plc where he has been Head of Investment Management, Worldwide Business Development. He has previously held business development roles at Syntaxin Ltd and MorphoSys AG and has an MBA from the University of Cambridge.
Barbara Tate joined the DDF as Venture Partner in Boston following the successful $485m deal between Biogen and Rodin – which she helped start with Atlas Venture. Dr Tate was previously Senior Director of Neuroscience at Pfizer following her long successful academic career at Harvard and Brown.
Dr Maruyama, Dr Barker, Dr Tate all join Dr Carol Routledge who joined the DDF in September 2015. Dr Routledge was previously Head of Translational Medicine, Biopharm Discovery, GSK, following 30 years of neuroscience drug discovery and development experience from prior roles at GSK, Syntex, Wyeth and BTG.
Kate Bingham, Managing Partner at SV Life Sciences Managers LLP, manager of the DDF, said: “The assembly of such a high calibre DDF team so soon after the Fund’s launch demonstrates the interest in this field and belief in what this Fund can deliver. Tetsu’s experience in global discovery, both in big pharma and academia, is exceptional and we look forward to welcoming him and Laurence soon.”
Tetsuyuki Maruyama, Chief Scientific Officer of the DDF, added: “The DDF has the mission to change the approach, diagnosis and treatment of dementia and I am pleased to be joining such a strong team who have already made significant progress since launch towards this ambitious goal.”
Contacts:
Dementia Discovery Fund
Carol Routledge, Venture Partner
carol.routledge@svlsm.com
+44 20 7421 7091
Consilium Strategic Communications
Mary-Jane Elliott, Chris Gardner, Amber Fennell, Ivar Milligan
DDF@consilium-comms.com
+44 20 3709 5700
About the Dementia Discovery Fund
The DDF is an innovative global investment fund established in October 2015 to deliver new disease modifying drugs for dementia by 2025. Managed by SV Life Sciences Managers LLP, DDF investors include the UK Government’s Department of Health, Alzheimer’s Research UK and world-leading major pharmaceutical companies: Biogen, GlaxoSmithKline, Johnson & Johnson, Lilly, Pfizer and Takeda. The DDF works collaboratively with universities, academic institutes, government, the regulatory agencies and the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industry internationally to identify and develop novel dementia research projects.
About SV Life Sciences Managers LLP
SV Life Sciences Managers manages life sciences investments for both the Dementia Discovery Fund (www.TheDDFund.com) and the publicly listed fund International Biotechnology Trust plc (www.ibtplc.com). The investment team have a breadth of experience across both public and private investing.
THIS ANNOUNCEMENT IS NOT FOR PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA. THIS ANNOUNCEMENT IS NOT AN OFFER OF SECURITIES FOR SALE INTO THE UNITED STATES. THE SECURITIES REFERRED TO HEREIN HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD IN THE UNITED STATES, EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN APPLICABLE EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION. NO PUBLIC OFFERING OF SECURITIES IS BEING MADE IN THE UNITED STATES











Latest Posts
DDF Makes First Investment in Alector LLC

First investment of Dementia Discovery Fund is in pioneering immuno-modulatory antibody discovery company, Alector LLC
Alector LLC is developing antibody drugs that harness the immune system to fight dementia

London, 7 January 2016 – The Dementia Discovery Fund, an innovative global investment fund launched in October 2015 to deliver new disease modifying drugs for dementia, announces its first investment in antibody discovery company Alector LLC (San Francisco, CA). Alector’s approach is based on the hypothesis that neurodegeneration is caused by a failure of the immune system to clear the brain of pathological proteins that accumulate in a host of neurodegenerative diseases.
In partnership with Adimab and other antibody discovery platforms, Alector is identifying high affinity antibodies against specific targets that stimulate immune cells to clear aberrant proteins from the brain. This immuno-neurology approach follows the precedent of recent clinical successes in immuno-oncology, and is potentially applicable to a range of neurodegenerative disorders including Alzheimer’s disease, frontotemporal dementia, Parkinson’s disease, multiple sclerosis and amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
Following the recent Series C raise of over $30M this summer, the Dementia Discovery Fund co-invested in the current Series D funding round of $29.5M with Polaris Partners, OrbiMed Advisors, MRL Ventures, GV (formerly Google Ventures), Topspin Partners, Mission Bay and Amgen Ventures.
Alector LLC has a strong management team of serial entrepreneurs with successful track records in drug development. Co-founders Arnon Rosenthal, PhD (CEO), and Tillman Gerngross, PhD (Chairman) have both been backed by SV in previous ventures that led to successful exits (Rinat, Glycofi and Adimab).
Carol Routledge, Venture Partner at SV Life Sciences Managers LLP, manager of the DDF, said: “Alector’s novel targets are supported by substantial preclinical and genetic data. We are confident that Alector’s management team has the expertise to bring these potentially disease-modifying treatments to the clinic, and that their immuno-modulatory approach will prove safe and effective.”
Contacts:
Dementia Discovery Fund
Carol Routledge, Venture Partner
carol.routledge@svlsm.com
+44 20 7421 7091
Consilium Strategic Communications
Mary-Jane Elliott, Chris Gardner, Amber Fennell, Ivar Milligan
DDF@consilium-comms.com
+44 20 3709 5700
About Alector LLC
Alector is a hypothesis-driven, neurology-focused startup that’s pioneering the discovery and development of first-in-class, immuno-modulatory therapies for Alzheimer’s disease and other neurodegenerative disorders. Alector combines state-of-the-art antibody technology and recent discoveries in neuro-immunology and human genetics to develop a broad platform of novel therapeutics that harness the immune system to fight dementia and neurodegeneration. Alector’s strategy is to efficiently generate and validate antibody drugs that engage key disease-altering, genetically-validated neuro-immune targets. Alector’s approach is enabled by a strategic alliance with Adimab, the technology leader in the discovery of fully human antibodies and bispecifics.
About the Dementia Discovery Fund
The Dementia Discovery Fund (DDF) is an innovative global investment fund established in October 2015 to deliver new disease modifying drugs for dementia by 2025. Managed by SV Life Sciences Managers LLP, the DDF investors include the UK Government’s Department of Health, Alzheimer’s Research UK and world-leading major pharmaceutical companies: Biogen, GlaxoSmithKline, Johnson & Johnson, Lilly, Pfizer and Takeda. The DDF works collaboratively with universities, academic institutes, government, the regulatory agencies and the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industry internationally to identify and develop novel dementia research projects.
About SV Life Sciences
SV Life Sciences is a leading international life sciences venture capital firm. SVLS affiliated funds have invested in over 175 private life sciences companies since the early 1980s and the firm closed its first dedicated life sciences fund in 1994. The SVLS team manages six private venture capital funds with approximately $2billion of capital under management. The firm employs a diversified strategy within life sciences in order to selectively capitalise on an expanding opportunity in biotech, medical devices and health-care services. SVLS has offices in Boston, London and San Francisco.
THIS ANNOUNCEMENT IS NOT FOR PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA. THIS ANNOUNCEMENT IS NOT AN OFFER OF SECURITIES FOR SALE INTO THE UNITED STATES. THE SECURITIES REFERRED TO HEREIN HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD IN THE UNITED STATES, EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN APPLICABLE EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION. NO PUBLIC OFFERING OF SECURITIES IS BEING MADE IN THE UNITED STATES












Do you live or work in, or operate from the United States of America?
Yes No


Are you currently located within the United States of America?
Yes No


Legal restrictions prevent us from allowing you to view this press release


Latest Posts
Launch of Dementia Discovery Fund New Fund Raises $100 Million to Deliver Novel Approaches to Treatment of Dementia

UK Department of Health, Alzheimer’s Research UK and major global pharmaceutical companies invest $100 Million
Ground breaking collaboration to address one of the largest ever unmet medical needs
SV Life Sciences appointed as Fund Manager
theddfund.com

London, 21 October 2015, The Dementia Discovery Fund (DDF), an innovative new global investment fund to support discovery and development of novel dementia treatments has launched, raising $100 Million from investors including the UK Government’s Department of Health (DoH) and Alzheimer’s Research UK alongside world-leading major pharmaceutical companies including Biogen, GlaxoSmithKline, Johnson & Johnson, Lilly, Pfizer and Takeda.
SV Life Sciences (SVLS), a leading international life sciences venture capital firm, has been appointed as Fund Manager, bringing to the DDF a proven global track record of identifying and supporting the development of novel therapeutic approaches in a range of clinical indications including neuroscience. A world-class Scientific Advisory Board, with representatives from the DDF’s strategic investors and world-leading international academics is being set up to share expertise, expand the DDF’s collaborative networks and advise the investment team.
The DDF has been established to deliver new drug approaches for dementia by 2025 to diagnose and intervene early to modify the course of disease while improving symptoms and thereby laying the foundations for effective therapies.
The DDF will work collaboratively with universities, academic institutes and the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industry internationally to identify novel dementia research projects and nurture these through the pre-clinical phase, enabling further development in clinical trials. The DDF’s priorities are to explore and develop novel hypotheses in dementia research and to increase global interest and industry confidence in the value of dementia research.
Kate Bingham, Managing Partner of SV Life Sciences, commented: “Developing new treatments for dementia is hugely important but also enormously challenging. Very few new therapies have become available in recent years and those on the market all address symptoms and have no effect on the underlying disease. By creating a new source of funding for innovative dementia research and working creatively with researchers, entrepreneurs, charities, industry and Government, we believe the DDF can make a significant difference to the identification and development of new treatment approaches.”
Commenting on behalf of the pharmaceutical industry investors, Patrick Vallance, President, Pharmaceuticals R&D, GSK, said: “The scientific community’s most powerful tool in its fight against dementia is collaboration, to stimulate new avenues of drug discovery. This is a complex and costly area of research, and if we’re to succeed in developing innovative new treatments, we must be prepared to work together and jointly shoulder the risk of ambitious new approaches. This new fund provides the framework for us to do precisely that, bringing together world-leaders in dementia research and combining resources to invest in exciting potential new therapies and start-up companies.”
Sir David Cooksey GBE Hon FMedSci, who has been advising the Department of Health, added: “This unique initiative will bring much needed new money into dementia research but more importantly represents a new way of doing things. It will ensure some of the best minds in government, industry and the investment community combine their efforts on dementia and create a new path for innovative research to be turned into effective and game-changing treatments.”
Dr Dennis Gillings CBE, World Dementia Envoy, added: “Dementia is a ticking bomb and with the global cost of dementia care expected to reach over $1 trillion by 2030 we must continue to do more. Research is currently not delivering the results we need; we need early and accurate diagnosis, effective treatment and improved care and support to avoid serious economic and social impacts. Emanating from the World Dementia Council, the DDF aims to unlock investment and encourage innovation in dementia research and development for this critical global health issue.”
Matthew Norton, Head of Policy at Alzheimer’s Research UK, said: “A fund of this type is a world-first for dementia research, and Alzheimer’s Research UK is delighted to be part of this unique collaboration to bring much-needed new investment into dementia research. By focusing on new approaches for treating the condition, we hope investments made through the fund will increase our chances of delivering treatments to the people who so desperately need them. With no treatments currently able to tackle the diseases that cause dementia, the condition is arguably our greatest medical challenge and this initiative is a vital part of the fightback.”
For further information please contact:
Dementia Discovery Fund
Carol Routledge, Venture Partner
carol.routledge@svlsm.com
+44 20 7421 7091
Consilium Strategic Communications
Mary-Jane Elliott, Chris Gardner, Amber Fennell, Ivar Milligan
DDF@consilium-comms.com
+44 20 3709 5700
About the Dementia Discovery Fund
The Dementia Discovery Fund (DDF) is an innovative global investment fund established in October 2015 to deliver new drug approaches for dementia by 2025 to diagnose, intervene early and treat to modify the course and symptoms of the disease. The DDF, managed by SV Life Sciences, has raised $100 Million from investors including the UK Government’s Department of Health, Alzheimer’s Research UK and world-leading major pharmaceutical companies: Biogen, GlaxoSmithKline, Johnson & Johnson, Lilly, Pfizer and Takeda. The DDF will work collaboratively with universities, academic institutes, Government, the regulatory agencies and the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industry internationally to identify and develop novel dementia research projects.
About SV Life Sciences
SV Life Sciences is a leading international life sciences venture capital firm. SVLS affiliated funds have been investing in life sciences companies since the early 1980s and the firm closed its first dedicated life sciences fund in 1994.
The SVLS team manages five private venture capital funds with approximately $1.9 billion of capital under management. The firm employs a diversified strategy within life sciences in order to selectively capitalise on an expanding opportunity in biotech, medical devices and health-care services. SVLS has offices in Boston, London and San Francisco.
Alzheimer’s Research UK
ARUK is the UK’s leading Alzheimer’s research charity aiming to defeat dementia. ARUK powers world class studies that give the best chance of beating dementia sooner and the charity’s pioneering work focuses on prevention, treatment and cure. ARUK is energising a movement across society to support, fund and take part in dementia research and they aim to empower people across all generations through greater understanding of dementia.
About Biogen
Through cutting-edge science and medicine, Biogen discovers, develops and delivers to patients worldwide innovative therapies for the treatment of neurodegenerative diseases, hematologic conditions and autoimmune disorders. Founded in 1978, Biogen is one of the world’s oldest independent biotechnology companies and patients worldwide benefit from its leading multiple sclerosis and innovative haemophilia therapies.
About GSK
GSK is one of the world’s leading research-based pharmaceutical and healthcare companies. It is committed to improving the quality of human life by enabling people to do more, feel better and live longer. For further information please visit www.gsk.com.
About Johnson & Johnson
Caring for the world one person at a time inspires and unites the people of Johnson & Johnson. Johnson & Johnson embraces research and science – bringing innovative ideas, products and services to advance the health and well-being of people. Their approximately 127,000 employees at more than 265 Johnson & Johnson operating companies work with partners in health care to touch the lives of over a billion people every day, throughout the world. Johnson & Johnson Innovation – JJDC, Inc. is the venture capital subsidiary of Johnson & Johnson. It is comprised of experts and leaders in the health care and technology venture communities who identify early market indicators, health care trends, and strategic investment opportunities.
About Eli Lilly and Company
Lilly is a global healthcare leader that unites caring with discovery to make life better for people around the world. It was founded more than a century ago by a man committed to creating high-quality medicines that meet real needs, and today it remains true to that mission in all its work. Across the globe, Lilly employees work to discover and bring life-changing medicines to those who need them, improve the understanding and management of disease, and give back to communities through philanthropy and volunteerism. To learn more about Lilly, please visit www.lilly.com and newsroom.lilly.com/social-channels.
About Pfizer Inc.
Pfizer applies science and its global resources to bring therapies to people that extend and significantly improve lives. It strives to set the standard for quality, safety and value in the discovery, development and manufacture of health care products. Its global portfolio includes medicines and vaccines as well as many of the world’s best-known consumer health care products. Every day, Pfizer staff work across developed and emerging markets to advance wellness, prevention, treatments and cures that challenge the most feared diseases of our time. Consistent with their responsibility as one of the world’s premier innovative biopharmaceutical companies, they collaborate with health care providers, governments and local communities to support and expand access to reliable, affordable health care around the world. For more than 150 years, Pfizer has worked to make a difference for all who rely on them. To learn more, please visit www.pfizer.com.
About Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited
Located in Osaka, Japan, Takeda (TSE: 4502) is a research-based global company with a main focus on pharmaceuticals. As the largest pharmaceutical company in Japan and one of the global leaders of the industry, Takeda is committed to striving towards better health for people worldwide through leading innovation in medicine. Additional information about Takeda is available through its corporate website, www.takeda.com.
THE INFORMATION IN THIS PRESS RELEASE IS INTENDED TO PROVIDE GENERAL BACKGROUND INFORMATION ABOUT DDF FOR THOSE WITH AN INTEREST IN DEMENTIA RESEARCH. PLEASE NOTE THAT AN INVESTMENT IN DDF IS NOT AVAILABLE TO THE GENERAL PUBLIC. INTERESTS IN DDF ARE BEING DISTRIBUTED ON A PRIVATE PLACEMENT BASIS TO PERSONS WHO ARE, OR MAY BE TREATED ON REQUEST AS, PROFESSIONAL CLIENTS WITHIN THE MEANING OF ANNEX II OF THE MARKETS IN FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS DIRECTIVE (2004/39/EC)).
THIS ANNOUNCEMENT IS NOT FOR PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA. THIS ANNOUNCEMENT IS NOT AN OFFER OF SECURITIES FOR SALE INTO THE UNITED STATES. THE SECURITIES REFERRED TO HEREIN HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD IN THE UNITED STATES, EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN APPLICABLE EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION. NO PUBLIC OFFERING OF SECURITIES IS BEING MADE IN THE UNITED STATES.











Home
Portfolio
Team
Scientific Advisory Board
Investors
News
 




















Dementia Discovery Fund Invests in Alector


























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology














        Dementia Discovery Fund Invests in Alector    























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink



 

          Jan 7, 2016                         - The Wall Street Journal                






              The Dementia Discovery Fund, set up last year with backing from the U.K. government and several of the world’s biggest pharmaceutical companies, has led a $29.5 million investment round to back research under way at San Francisco-based Alector LLC.  Read More            




Sign up for unrestricted access to 200+ subscription services. 









                                    By signing up, you agree to our Terms of Use, Privacy Policy,  and the LexisNexis Terms & Conditions.
                                




                        Already have an account?  Click here to login.


RelSci News & Alerts gets you:

10 free articles a month from top subscription outlets like the Financial Times, New York Times, and Washington Post
Competitive business intelligence through daily data updates
Custom feeds on target high-value individuals, companies, industries, and topics delivered straight to your inbox







Related News Feeds






Office of the Senator from New York, Hillary Clinton







Alumni of Yale University - School of Medicine - Child Study Center







Board and Executive Moves involving Dementia Discovery LP







Private Equity & Venture Capital




Create your own custom news feed 




Mentioned Entities




                          Hillary Rodham Clinton                      



                          Dementia Discovery LP                      



                          SV Life Sciences Advisers LLP                      



                          Catherine Elizabeth Bingham                      



                          Arnon Rosenthal                      



                          Tillman Gerngross                      



                          Alector LLC                      



See how you can reach these people and organizations 










You've found a premium RelSci Pro feature!



Connect to Individuals and Organizations In This Story

Upgrade to RelSci Pro to easily sync your contacts and see how you can reach the people and organizations featured in this article.


Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.



Not Now










Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤















	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started








































      Dementia Discovery Fund Chooses Alector for First Investment - WSJ
    












































































































 




Dow Jones, a News Corp companyNews Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information servicesDow JonesBarron'sBigChartsDJXDow Jones NewswiresFactivaFinancial NewsMansion GlobalMarketWatchNewsPlusPrivate MarketsRisk & ComplianceWSJ ConferenceWSJ ProWSJ VideoWSJ.comNews CorpBig DecisionsBusiness SpectatorCheckout51Harper CollinsNew York PostPropTigerREArealtor.comStoryfulThe AustralianThe SunThe TimesSubscribe NowSign InThe Wall Street JournalSearchSearch→
 

 

















                      Amazon’s Expansion Costs Take a Toll
                    











                      Trump Comments on U.S. Factories Make It Awkward for Apple
                    











                      An Electric Maserati? Fiat Chrysler CEO Says It’s on the Way
                    











                        Globalization in Retreat
                      

                      China’s Next Target: U.S. Microchip Hegemony
                    











                      Shell Prepares for ‘Lower Forever’ Oil Prices
                    











                      Uber Approaches GE CEO Jeff Immelt About Top Role
                    











                      Glencore Under Probe Over Congo Payments
                    











                      Chinese Billionaire Scales Down His Hollywood Dreams
                    











                      Intel Finds Room to Boost Revenue
                    











                      United Therapeutics in Settlement Talks With Justice Department
                    











                      Procter &amp; Gamble, Activist Spar Over Latest Results
                    









 



 






 

































        Small
      




        Medium
      




        Large
      








Save Article
Sign In to Save
Subscribe to WSJ









 










Business


Health Care



                    Health
                




Dementia Discovery Fund Chooses Alector for First Investment
San Francisco-based Alector’s research focuses on eradication of brain plaque by immune system

 






By

Denise Roland


Denise Roland
The Wall Street Journal
BiographyDenise Roland
@deniseroland
denise.roland@wsj.com




  Jan. 7, 2016 4:03 a.m. ET





LONDON—A promising new avenue in Alzheimer’s research that focuses on the eradication of brain plaque by the immune system has become the first investment for a $100 million fund dedicated to delivering new dementia drugs within a decade.  The Dementia Discovery Fund, set up last year with backing from the U.K. government and several of the world’s biggest pharmaceutical companies, has led a $29.5 million investment round to back...
  


    To Read the Full Story
  


      Subscribe
    

      Sign In
    



 












 






Most Popular Videos









Sen. Graham: The 'Skinny' Bill Is a Disaster









Dan Neil Drives VW's Atlas









Who and What Is Covered by Medicaid?









How Luxury Home Builders Build for Themselves









USS Thunderbolt Fires Warning Shots at Iranian Vessel in Gulf






Most Popular Articles








Scaramucci Erupts Over Priebus and Leakers








Stop Saying Tom Brady Is Old!








Bad News If You Make $150,000 to $300,000: Higher Taxes for Many








Hanging Nude Paintings in Your Home: So Out, They’re In








Opinion: How Long Can the Trump Tumult Go On?





 





 







              Popular on WSJ
            








Most Popular Videos









Sen. Graham: The 'Skinny' Bill Is a Disaster









Dan Neil Drives VW's Atlas









Who and What Is Covered by Medicaid?









How Luxury Home Builders Build for Themselves









USS Thunderbolt Fires Warning Shots at Iranian Vessel in Gulf






Most Popular Articles








Scaramucci Erupts Over Priebus and Leakers








Stop Saying Tom Brady Is Old!








Bad News If You Make $150,000 to $300,000: Higher Taxes for Many








Hanging Nude Paintings in Your Home: So Out, They’re In








Opinion: How Long Can the Trump Tumult Go On?





 








 
















   
     
       
     
   

  
    
      
    
  

  
    
      
    
  

  
    
      
    
  


  
    
    
      
    
    
      Save Article
      Sign In to Save
      Subscribe to WSJ
    
  

   
     
       
     
   
   
     
       
     
   




  
  
    
      
  
    
      Text Size
  
      
      
        

        Small
      
  
      
      
        

        Medium
      
  
      
      
        

        Large
      
    
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
    
      
        
          
            
              
          
            Print
          
        
      
          
            
              
          
            Facebook
          
        
        
          
            
              
          
            Twitter
          
        
        
          
            
              
          
            WhatsApp
          
        
  
        
          
            
              
          
            SMS
          
        
  
  
        
          
            
              
          
            Copy Link
          
        
  
      
  
      
        
    
  
    
  
  
  


 













