 



Jacobs Names Steven Demetriou President and Chief Executive Officer | Business Wire
























































Jacobs Names Steven Demetriou President and Chief Executive Officer






July 13, 2015 08:00 AM Eastern Daylight Time



PASADENA, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Jacobs 
      Engineering Group Inc. (NYSE:JEC) announced today that Steven J. 
      Demetriou has been named President and Chief Executive Officer. Mr. 
      Demetriou will also be elected to the Board.
    


      Mr. Demetriou brings over 30 years of global business leadership 
      experience to Jacobs, including 14 years in the role of Chief Executive 
      Officer. Most recently he served as Chairman and CEO of Aleris 
      Corporation, a global downstream aluminum producer based in Cleveland. 
      Over the course of his career, he has gained broad experience with 
      companies in a range of industries including Metals, Specialty 
      Chemicals, Oil & Gas, Manufacturing and Fertilizers. His career 
      highlights include 16 years at ExxonMobil, where he held roles of 
      increasing responsibility in the U.S. and Europe in operations, 
      commercial, financial and general management.
    

      Mr. Demetriou will start in his new role with Jacobs on August 17. His 
      appointment completes a rigorous selection process that began in 
      December 2014, following the retirement of former President and CEO 
      Craig Martin.
    

      “Mr. Demetriou is known for his passionate, hands-on leadership style, 
      his strong customer relationships and his focus on operational 
      excellence. We are delighted to welcome a leader of Steve’s caliber to 
      build on the strong, global foundation we have put in place and lead our 
      company forward,” said Executive Chairman Noel Watson. "Steve has a 
      proven track record for driving growth and creating shareholder value, 
      as well as a clear appreciation of our values and culture.”
    

      Mr. Watson will return to his non-Executive Chairman role when Mr. 
      Demetriou joins the company.
    

      Linda Fayne Levinson, Independent Director and Chair of Jacobs’ Human 
      Resource and Compensation Committee, added, “Our selection process 
      included a wide array of candidates both internal and external to 
      Jacobs. The quality of the candidate slate and the interest in this 
      position is testament to the strength of our brand and future potential. 
      We chose Steve because he is a performance driven leader who inspires a 
      positive corporate culture, and he is a global leader comfortable 
      working with clients and employees anywhere in the world. He is a great 
      choice to lead Jacobs.”
    

      As CEO, Mr. Demetriou will work with senior management and the Board to 
      develop strategies to further strengthen Jacobs’ position as a global 
      industry leader. Key to the role is the ability to drive growth by 
      engaging and inspiring Jacobs’ people, creating and maintaining 
      long-term, positive client relationships and focusing on project 
      execution excellence.
    

      “It is an honor to be selected as the next Jacobs CEO,” said Mr. 
      Demetriou. “I am very excited about the opportunity to lead a company 
      with such an enviable global talent base and a strong reputation as one 
      of the world’s largest and most diverse providers of technical 
      professional and construction services. My immediate objective is to 
      listen and engage with Jacobs’ employees, customers and shareholders, as 
      well as develop and implement strategies to realize Jacobs’ enormous 
      potential to achieve focused growth into the future.”
    

      Mr. Demetriou currently serves on the board of Kraton Performance 
      Polymers (NYSE:KRA). Mr. Demetriou also served on the board of 
      Foster-Wheeler starting in 2008 and was non-Executive Chairman of 
      Foster-Wheeler from 2011-2014.
    

Jacobs 
      is one of the world’s largest and most diverse providers of technical 
      professional and construction services.
    

      Statements made in this release that are not based on historical fact 
      are forward-looking statements. We base these forward-looking statements 
      on management’s current estimates and expectations as well as currently 
      available competitive, financial and economic data. Forward-looking 
      statements, however, are inherently uncertain. There are a variety of 
      factors that could cause business results to differ materially from our 
      forward-looking statements. For a description of some of the factors 
      which may occur that could cause actual results to differ from our 
      forward-looking statements please refer to our 2013 Form 10-K, and in 
      particular the discussions contained under Items 1 - Business, 1A - Risk 
      Factors, 3 - Legal Proceedings, and 7 - Management's Discussion and 
      Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. We do not 
      undertake to update any forward-looking statements made herein.
    


Contacts

      Jacobs Engineering Group Inc.Robin Shermer, 817-735-6284
    

















Contacts

      Jacobs Engineering Group Inc.Robin Shermer, 817-735-6284
    






 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up














Steven J. Demetriou: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 22, 2017 8:30 PM ET
Construction and Engineering

Company Overview of Jacobs Engineering Group Inc.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Steven J. Demetriou  Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and President, Jacobs Engineering Group Inc.AgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 8 Board Members in 8 different organizations across 13 different industries.See Board Relationships59$9,497,413As of Fiscal Year 2016
Background

		Mr. Steven J. Demetriou, also known as Steve, has been the Chairman of the Board at Jacobs Engineering Group Inc. since July 28, 2016 and has been its Chief Executive Officer and President since August 17, 2015. Mr. Demetriou served as an Operating Partner and Member of Board of Advisors of Resilience Capital Partners LLC. He served as the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Aleris International, Inc. from December 2004 to June 2015. He served as the Chief Executive ... Officer of Lubrizol Advanced Materials International, Inc. since March 2001 and also served as its President since May 2001. He served as an Executive Vice President of Mosaic Global Holdings Inc. He served as the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Aleris Corporation from December 2004 to July 13, 2015. He served as the Chief Executive Officer and President of Commonwealth Industries, Inc. since June 11, 2004 and served as its Chairman. He served as Senior Vice President of Mosaic Phosphates Co. He served as the President and Chief Executive Officer of Noveon, Inc. from 2001 to June 2004. He served as the Chief Executive Officer of Lubrizol Advanced Materials, Inc. from March 2001 to June 2004 and served as its President since May 2001. He served as an Executive Vice President of IMC Global Inc. from 1999 to 2001 and President of IMC Crop Nutrients. Mr. Demetriou joined IMC Global, Inc. in June 1999 as the President and Senior Vice President of the IMC Phosphates business unit. He served as Vice President of Global Specialty Resins and President of Cytec Asia-Pacific of Cytec Industries Inc. from December 1997 to June 1999. He served in a number of leadership positions with Cytec Industries Inc., from 1997 to 1999. He served for Exxon Chemical Company for 16 years and served various leadership positions during that time. From 1981 to 1997, he served various positions with Exxon Corporation/ExxonMobil. He began his career at Exxon Mobil Corporation, where he held roles of increasing responsibility in operations, commercial, financial and general management during his 16 years at the company. He serves as the Chairman of Aluminum Association Inc, The. He serves as an Associate Director of Metals Service Center Institute. Mr. Demetriou served as the Non-Executive Chairman of the Board at Foster Wheeler AG from November 4, 2011 to November 13, 2014. He serves as a Director of Polymer Holdings, Greater Cleveland Sports Commission, United Way Of Greater Cleveland and Cuyahoga Community College. He has been a Director of Jacobs Engineering Group Inc. since August 17, 2015. He has been a Director of FirstEnergy Corp. since January 17, 2017. He has been an Independent Director of Kraton Polymers LLC since December 1, 2004. He served as an Independent Director of Kraton Corporation (alternate name, Kraton Performance Polymers Inc.) since September 2009 until May 25, 2017. He served as an Independent Director of Vectra Corporation (alternate name, OM Group Inc.) from November 10, 2005 to June 1, 2015. He served as a Director of Foster Wheeler AG from January 2008 to November 13, 2014. He served as a Director of Metals Service Center Institute since 2011. He served as a Director of ElkCorp. since October 2005. He served as a Director of Lubrizol Advanced Materials, Inc. from March 2001 to June 2004. He served as a Director of Lubrizol Advanced Materials International, Inc. since March 2001. He served as a Director of Commonwealth Industries, Inc. since 2002. He has over 30 years of global business leadership experience including 15 years in the role of chief executive officer at various companies. He is active in numerous philanthropic organizations in the Cleveland, Ohio, area. He has been a Director at Jersey Central Power & Light Company since January 20, 2017. Mr. Demetriou has a Bachelor of Science in Chemical Engineering from Tufts University.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
1999 Bryan StreetDallas, Texas 75201United StatesPhone: 214-583-8500Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
DirectorCuyahoga Community CollegeDirectorUnited Way Of Greater ClevelandChairmanAluminum Association Inc, TheDirectorGreater Cleveland Sports Commission2004-PresentDirector and Director of Polymer HoldingsKraton Polymers LLC2015-PresentChairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and PresidentJacobs Engineering Group Inc.2017-PresentIndependent DirectorFirstEnergy Corp.2017-PresentDirectorJersey Central Power & Light Company
Education
BS Tufts University
Other Affiliations
ElkCorpFoster Wheeler AGAleris CorporationMosaic Global Holdings Inc.FirstEnergy Corp.Vectra CorporationCommonwealth Industries, Inc.Lubrizol Advanced Materials, Inc.Kraton Polymers LLCResilience Capital Partners LLCJersey Central Power & Light CompanyMetals Service Center InstituteTufts UniversityMosaic Phosphates Co.Lubrizol Advanced Materials International, Inc.Cuyahoga Community CollegeUnited Way Of Greater ClevelandAluminum Association Inc, TheKraton CorporationGreater Cleveland Sports CommissionAleris International, Inc.


Annual Compensation
Salary$1,300,000Total Annual Compensation$1,300,000
Stocks Options
Restricted Stock Awards$5,252,561All Other Compensation$94,591Exercisable Options$25,564Exercisable Options Value$198,888Unexercisable Options$175,434Unexercisable Options Value$1,483,363Total Value of Options$1,682,251Total Number of Options$200,998
Total Compensation
Total Annual Cash Compensation$2,970,191Total Short Term Compensation$1,300,000Other Long Term Compensation$5,347,152Total Calculated Compensation$9,497,413




Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONNamePosition/CompanyCompensationEarl C. Austin Jr.Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Operating Officer and DirectorQuanta Services, Inc.$979.9KPatrick K. Mullen CEO & PresidentChicago Bridge & Iron Company N.V.$707.7KHenri  Poupart-Lafarge Chairman & Chief Executive OfficerAlstom SA$1.7MStefano  Cao Chief Executive Officer and Non Independent DirectorSaipem S.p.A.$600.0KAdolfo Valderas Martínez Chief Executive Officer, Managing Director and DirectorCIMIC Group Limited$2.9MCompensation as of Fiscal Year 2016.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Jacobs Engineering Group Inc., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close






























Steven J. Demetriou Joins Board Of OM Group



















































coatings.specialchem.com


adhesives.specialchem.com


omnexus.specialchem.com


cosmetics.specialchem.com


polymer-additives.specialchem.com


specialchem4bio.com


specialchem.com





Login

Forgot password?



No account? Register for free




Welcome back, 
My Profile

My Interests

My Subscriptions

My Courses & Tutorials


Logout





The Universal Selection Source: Coatings Ingredients




All types
Author
CAS Number
Documents
News
Patents
Products
Supplier
Trade name











Universal Selector





Supplier Listing





Innovation Resources







Open Innovation





Open Requests


Participate


About Open Innovation










A global specialty chemicals manufacturer has developed new polyamide elastomer grades and is looking for applications and partners that may value the properties of this technology...


Read More




A global specialty chemicals manufacturer has developed new polyamide elastomer grades and is looking for applications and partners that may value the properties of this technology...


Read More




A global cosmetic ingredients manufacturer has developed a unique 100% natural and ready-to-use Oil Gel Premix enabling formulators to create multiple different end-products like g...


Read More




A global cosmetic ingredients manufacturer has developed a unique 100% natural and ready-to-use Oil Gel Premix enabling formulators to create multiple different end-products like g...


Read More




A global cosmetic ingredients manufacturer has developed a unique 100% natural and ready-to-use Oil Gel Premix enabling formulators to create multiple different end-products like g...


Read More







Video Tutorials 



All Tutorials (26) 



Coatings Courses & Trainings 



Check Upcoming Courses (14) 


Start an On-Demand Course (112) 










Next Course
FTIR Made Easy for Better Identification of Plastics
Aug 29, 2017


More info and registration




Next Course
UV/ EB Coatings: Optimizing Curing in Practice
Aug 30, 2017


More info and registration




Next Course
Cosmetic Claim Substantiation: Why and How ?
Sep 5, 2017


More info and registration







Tech Resources



Tech Library


Selection Guides


Latest Patents


Webinars & Videos





News & Community



News


Editorials


Industry Events


Subscribe to our Newsletters









Channels







Channels




Architectural Coatings



Automotive Coatings



Environmentally Friendly Coatings




Industrial Coatings



Inks



Powder Coatings





More Channels



Acrylic Coatings
Epoxy Coatings
Marine and Protective Coatings
Polyurethane Coatings
Wood Coatings




Aerospace Coatings
European Coatings Show 2017
Plastic Coatings
UV / EB Technology



Show all Channels







Register







Register for free






Find 160,000+ Product Technical Datasheets in our Universal Selectors


Access expert knowledge for a richer and faster product selection (Online Courses, Selection Guides, Articles…)






Stay up-to-date with industry and product news thanks to newsletters and alerts


Join 500,000+ registered members. One-time registration to access multiple industries!






It only takes 2 minutes




Continue



















Home
News
Steven J Demetriou Joins Board Of OM Group



Print
Send

Share



















Industry News



Steven J. Demetriou Joins Board Of OM Group



Published on 2005-11-14. Author :
SpecialChem









  
 CLEVELAND -- OM Group, Inc. (NYSE: OMG) announced that Steven
J. Demetriou has joined the company's board of directors, effective immediately.
Demetriou (47) is chairman and chief executive officer of Aleris International
Inc., a $2.5 billion major North American manufacturer of rolled aluminum products
and a global leader in aluminum recycling and the production of specification
alloys."Steve will be a tremendous asset to the company
with our efforts to build a new business model for the company that relies less
on metal pricing and more on value-added, technology-driven products and services,"
said Joseph M. Scaminace, chairman and chief executive officer. "He is widely
recognized as a business leader who excels in revitalizing business lines through
asset management, strategic acquisitions, supply chain management and identifying
new and innovative ways to go to market."The addition
of Demetriou increases OMG's board to six directors.ABOUT
OM GROUP, INC.OM Group is a leading, vertically integrated
international producer and marketer of value-added, metal-based specialty chemicals
and related materials. Headquartered in Cleveland, Ohio, OM Group operates manufacturing
facilities in the Americas, Europe, Asia, Africa and Australia.  Source:
OM Group, Inc.

  


External links 



Find Today's Best Adhesion Promoters and Primers for Adhesives & Coatings
How to Maximize the Adhesion of your Ink on Flexible PP Packaging -- Video Tutorial
Get Insider Knowledge to Better Select your Additives & Solve your Coatings Formulation Issues... 





Be the first to comment on "Steven J. Demetriou Joins Board Of OM Group"










Leave a comment







Want to comment? Please, simply login or register.






Login

No Account yet? Register for freeForgot Password ?






Comment *





Rate this Content 

















Your email address and name will not be published
submitting a comment or rating implies your acceptance to SpecialChem Terms & Conditions















Tutorial

WB Packaging Inks: Formulation Tips to Solve the 5 Biggest Challenges


Drying speed, adhesion, foaming, press stability, clean up













Watch Tutorial Now 










Channel Alerts

Receive weekly digests on hot topics




Receive your alerts















Quick Navigation


Marketing services

Online courses

Program analytics

Become an expert

About us

Careers

Contact us






Stay connected
Subscribe to our Newsletters


Subscribe

Follow us  on LinkedIn
Follow us  on Twitter
Subscribe to our  Youtube channel





Copyright © SpecialChem 2017 | Visit www.specialchem.com
Terms and Conditions | Cookie policy






Back to Top










Demetriou, Steven J. - The Wall Street Transcript













































 





































Steven J. Demetriou
STEVEN J. DEMETRIOU became Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of
Aleris International, Inc., on December 9, 2004, following the merger of
Commonwealth Industries, Inc., and IMCO Recycling Inc. He was appointed
President and Chief Executive Officer of Commonwealth in June 2004 after
serving as a member of that company’s Board of Directors since 2002.
Before joining Commonwealth in 2004, Mr. Demetriou was President and
Chief Executive Officer of Noveon, Inc., a leading global producer of
technologically advanced specialty chemicals for consumer and industrial
applications with annual sales of over $2 billion. Prior to that, from
1999 to 2001 he was Executive Vice President of IMC Global Inc., a major
producer and distributor of crop nutrients and animal feed ingredients
to the domestic and international agricultural communities. He also
served as President of IMC Crop Nutrients. From 1997 to 1999 Mr.
Demetriou held various leadership positions with Cytec Industries Inc.,
including Vice President, global specialty resins and President, Cytec
Asia. From 1981 to 1997 he served in increasingly responsible management
positions with Exxon Corporation. Mr. Demetriou received a BS degree in
Chemical Engineering from Tufts University.
Related Interviews:STEVEN DEMETRIOU - ALERIS INTERNATIONAL INC (ARS)December 20, 2004







CartLatest NewsJames Abate of Centre Asset Management Sees Consumer Demand Driving New Stock HighsMalcolm E. Polley of Stewart Capital and How to Play the Health Care StocksTimothy Biltz, CEO of Lumos Networks Identifies the Key Component for Future 5G NetworksThe Wall Street Transcript is a completely unique resource for investors and business researchers.Over 20,000 CEO, Equity Analyst and Money Manager InterviewsSubscribe now!Sign Up For Newsletter Weekly email with New In-Depth Interviews


Email: 



Most Popular InterviewsDelivering Long-Term Results with a Risk-Managed Growth FundJames A. Abate Published July 20, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: AMAT JNJ COH RL COG NVDA ADBE ATVI KLAC AMZN NFLX GOOG FB GLW MU 005930 000660 WFM JWN CMG GPS EQT RICE SPLS Buy ($25)Finding Investments with Favorable Risk and Reward OpportunitiesHenry  Beukema Published July 19, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: ORCL MSFT NSRGY AMZN WFM LRLCY AGN LNR Buy ($25)Better Returns and Lower Risk in the Midcap SpaceMalcolm E. Polley Published July 18, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: PRAA HURN FII FL NKE AMZN WFM WBA RAD Buy ($25)Most Popular ReportsWireless Communications & Telecom Published July 14, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published July 11, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published June 30, 2017Buy ($175) 






Top Company Interviews






Register for a Free Account to gain greater access to
            The Wall Street Transcript right now




CEO INTERVIEWSInterview with the President and CEO: Lumos Networks Corp. (NASDAQ:LMOS)Interview with the Corporate VP of Business Development, Strategy and Investor Relations: DSP Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:DSPG)Interview with the CEO and Director: Tactile Systems Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:TCMD) 

SECTOR ROUNDTABLESNatural Gas Weighs Heavy On E&P Near-Term ProspectsRoundtable Forum:optimism Despite Uncertainty In For-profit EducationRoundtable Forum:a Shift In Focus To Natural Gas From Oil 

MONEY MANAGER INTERVIEWSDelivering Long-Term Results with a Risk-Managed Growth FundFinding Investments with Favorable Risk and Reward OpportunitiesBetter Returns and Lower Risk in the Midcap Space 

ANALYST INTERVIEWSAnalyzing the Secular Drivers Within Communications Infrastructure and TelecomSatellite Companies Benefiting from Growth in Data TrafficIncreased Focus on Content as Consumers Shift to Digital Consumption 




Subscribe Today!







                Since 1963
                © The Wall Street Transcript 1997-2016
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy  
            





https://www.twst.com/wp-admin/admin-ajax.php

Pin It on Pinterest





































Share This





Twitter





Facebook





Google+





Gmail





LinkedIn








































×





Join now for free!
Already a member?






First Name 





Last Name 





Email address *








Create new account
 


or create an account with a social network.

Join with Facebook


Join with Twitter


Join with Google








Username or Email address: *





Password: *






LoginJoin now! | Forgot password?
 


or login using a social network


Log in with Facebook


Log in with Twitter


Log in with Google


























Jacobs Engineering announces Steve Demetriou to its Board of Directors as upcoming CEO






























































































































[email protected]








twitterlinkedin







About

Our Vision, our Mission
Our Team
Our Values
Our Partners
FAQ
Terms & Conditions
Privacy policy


Board News

latest Board News
Board News by location…

Europe
USA / Canada
Middle East
all the others


Board News by company type

Public / Listed
VC / PE backed
Privately held
Trust / Fund / REIT


Board News by industry…

Life Sciences / Health Care
Financials
Information Technology


Women on Board
submit a Press Release


Board Directory

Company Press Releases
Public / Listed
Global 500
Fortune 500
Private or VC / PE backed
Unicorns
Trust / Fund


Newsletter
Contact
Log In
Register

Select PageAbout    Our Vision, our Mission
    Our Team
    Our Values
    Our Partners
    FAQ
    Terms & Conditions
    Privacy policy
Board News    latest Board News
    Board News by location…        Europe
        USA / Canada
        Middle East
        all the others
    Board News by company type        Public / Listed
        VC / PE backed
        Privately held
        Trust / Fund / REIT
    Board News by industry…        Life Sciences / Health Care
        Financials
        Information Technology
    Women on Board
    submit a Press Release
Board Directory    Company Press Releases
    Public / Listed
    Global 500
    Fortune 500
    Private or VC / PE backed
    Unicorns
    Trust / Fund
Newsletter
Contact
Log In
Register







HomeBoard - USA / Can. Board Listed/Public Companies Jacobs Engineering announces Steve Demetriou to its Board of Directors as upcoming CEO Jacobs Engineering announces Steve Demetriou to its Board of Directors as upcoming CEO








July 13, 2015
By  Talent4Boards Team
Comments are Off
Board - USA / Can., Board Listed/Public Companies


– USA, CA – Jacobs Engineering Group Inc. (NYSE:JEC) announced today that Steven J. Demetriou has been named President and Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Demetriou will also be elected to the Board.
Mr. Demetriou brings over 30 years of global business leadership experience to Jacobs, including 14 years in the role of Chief Executive Officer. Most recently he served as Chairman and CEO of Aleris Corporation, a global downstream aluminum producer based in Cleveland. Over the course of his career, he has gained broad experience with companies in a range of industries including Metals, Specialty Chemicals, Oil & Gas, Manufacturing and Fertilizers. His career highlights include 16 years at ExxonMobil, where he held roles of increasing responsibility in the U.S. and Europe in operations, commercial, financial and general management.
Mr. Demetriou will start in his new role with Jacobs on August 17. His appointment completes a rigorous selection process that began in December 2014, following the retirement of former President and CEO Craig Martin.
“Mr. Demetriou is known for his passionate, hands-on leadership style, his strong customer relationships and his focus on operational excellence. We are delighted to welcome a leader of Steve’s caliber to build on the strong, global foundation we have put in place and lead our company forward,” said Executive Chairman Noel Watson. “Steve has a proven track record for driving growth and creating shareholder value, as well as a clear appreciation of our values and culture.”
Mr. Watson will return to his non-Executive Chairman role when Mr. Demetriou joins the company.
Linda Fayne Levinson, Independent Director and Chair of Jacobs’ Human Resource and Compensation Committee, added, “Our selection process included a wide array of candidates both internal and external to Jacobs. The quality of the candidate slate and the interest in this position is testament to the strength of our brand and future potential. We chose Steve because he is a performance driven leader who inspires a positive corporate culture, and he is a global leader comfortable working with clients and employees anywhere in the world. He is a great choice to lead Jacobs.”
As CEO, Mr. Demetriou will work with senior management and the Board to develop strategies to further strengthen Jacobs’ position as a global industry leader. Key to the role is the ability to drive growth by engaging and inspiring Jacobs’ people, creating and maintaining long-term, positive client relationships and focusing on project execution excellence.
“It is an honor to be selected as the next Jacobs CEO,” said Mr. Demetriou. “I am very excited about the opportunity to lead a company with such an enviable global talent base and a strong reputation as one of the world’s largest and most diverse providers of technical professional and construction services. My immediate objective is to listen and engage with Jacobs’ employees, customers and shareholders, as well as develop and implement strategies to realize Jacobs’ enormous potential to achieve focused growth into the future.”
Mr. Demetriou currently serves on the board of Kraton Performance Polymers (NYSE:KRA). Mr. Demetriou also served on the board of Foster-Wheeler starting in 2008 and was non-Executive Chairman of Foster-Wheeler from 2011-2014.
Jacobs is one of the world’s largest and most diverse providers of technical professional and construction services.
Statements made in this release that are not based on historical fact are forward-looking statements. We base these forward-looking statements on management’s current estimates and expectations as well as currently available competitive, financial and economic data. Forward-looking statements, however, are inherently uncertain. There are a variety of factors that could cause business results to differ materially from our forward-looking statements. For a description of some of the factors which may occur that could cause actual results to differ from our forward-looking statements please refer to our 2013 Form 10-K, and in particular the discussions contained under Items 1 – Business, 1A – Risk Factors, 3 – Legal Proceedings, and 7 – Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. We do not undertake to update any forward-looking statements made herein.
- Disclaimer - News, data and statement included in this release are intended exclusively for information purposes. Product and brand names used in this release maybe trademarks or registered trade marks of their respective owners. Talent4Boards accepts neither liability for the consequences of the reader’s reliance, nor responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release. No data or statement in this release should be considered a recommendation for the purchase, retention or sale of the securities referred to herein.Other related posts:Jacobs Engineering Group appoints CEO Steve Demetriou to additional position of Chairman of its BoardJacobs Engineering Group appoints Bob McNamara to its Board of DirectorsFirstEnergy adds Steve Demetriou and Jim O’Neil to its Board of DirectorsTalent4Boards Teamhere the original post => 





Comments are closed.



Latest Boardroom News


CenterState Banks appoints David Salyers to the Board of Directors
July 20, 2017



Insight Engines announces David Hornik and Erik Swan to Board along with raising $15.8m Series A funding led by August Capital
July 20, 2017



Plexchat announces Gordon Rubenstein to its Board along with raising $7m seed funding led by Raine Ventures
July 20, 2017



Square appoints Randy Garutti to its Board of Directors
July 20, 2017



TemperPack announces Robert Beckler and Cody Nystrom to Board along with raising $10m Series A financing led by SJF Ventures
July 20, 2017











Random BoardsAMAG PharmaceuticalsArricano Real EstateGlobal BrainZenPayrollMonoSol Rx











© 2013-2017 - Talent4Boards Inc. - All rights reserved.  - Geneva - Miami - London - Boston - Paris - Shanghai - Monaco -






































Steven J. Demetriou - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Steven J. Demetriou
President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board at Jacobs Engineering Group Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Steven J. Demetriou? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Steven J. Demetriou's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Steven J. Demetriou's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Steven J. Demetriou's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Steven J. Demetriou through your network of contacts.
												








Steven J. Demetriou's Executive Work History


Current


President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board, 
Jacobs Engineering Group Inc.


Board Member, 
FirstEnergy Corp.


Past
To view Steven J. Demetriou's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
58

 
 


Steven J. Demetriou's Biography



Mr. Demetriou is the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Jacobs Engineering Group, Inc., a provider of technical, professional and construction services. From 2004 to 2015, Mr. Demetriou was the Chief Executive Officer of Aleris International, Inc. and was appointed President and Chief Executive Officer of Commonwealth Industries, Inc. (a predecessor by merger to Aleris) in June 2004. From 1997 to 2004, Mr. Demetriou served in various positions, including Chief Executive Officer of Noveon, Inc., Executive Vice President of IMC Global Inc. and various leadership positions with Cytec Industries Inc., a specialty chemicals company. From 1981 ...
(Read More)

			Mr. Demetriou is the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Jacobs Engineering Group, Inc., a provider of technical, professional and construction services. From 2004 to 2015, Mr. Demetriou was the Chief Executive Officer of Aleris International, Inc. and was appointed President and Chief Executive Officer of Commonwealth Industries, Inc. (a predecessor by merger to Aleris) in June 2004. From 1997 to 2004, Mr. Demetriou served in various positions, including Chief Executive Officer of Noveon, Inc., Executive Vice President of IMC Global Inc. and various leadership positions with Cytec Industries Inc., a specialty chemicals company. From 1981 to 1997, he served in management positions with ExxonMobil Corporation. 
  
  
  Skills and Qualifications:
  .Significant experience in the specialty chemicals industry and a chemical engineering background
  .Senior leadership experience at the Chief Executive Officer level
  .Substantial public board company experience, with longstanding tenure on our board and an institutional knowledge base
  Prior Public Directorships: 
 
  Aleris International, Inc., Commonwealth Industries, Inc., Foster Wheeler AG and OM Group, Inc.
		
Source: Kraton Corporation on 12/09/2016
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Steven J. Demetriou's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Steven J. Demetriou. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Steven J. Demetriou's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Steven J. Demetriou's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Steven J. Demetriou through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Steven J. Demetriou


















Steven J. Demetriou's Connections (226)





Sign up now to view Steven J. Demetriou's 226 connections »









Peter J. Ganz
Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary, Ashland Global Holdings Inc.









Ernest J. Novak
Board Member, A. Schulman









G. Richard Wagoner
Board Member, Invesco Ltd.









Paul T. Addison
Board Member, FirstEnergy Corp.









William T. Cottle
Board Member, FirstEnergy Corp.









Mark V. Kaminski
Lead Director, Reliance Steel & Aluminum Co.









Leila L. Vespoli
Executive Vice President, Corporate Strategy, Regulatory Affairs and Chief Legal Officer, FirstEnergy Corp.









Pamela B. Strobel
Board Member, Domtar Corporation









Robert C. Flexon
Dir., President and Chief Executive Officer, Dynegy Inc.









Michael J. Anderson
Executive Chairman, The Andersons, Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









David J. O'Connor
President and CEO, The Madison Square Garden Company









Claiborne P. Deming
Chairman of the Board, Murphy Oil Corporation












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993

























Jacobs Names Steven Demetriou President And Chief Executive Officer - TheStreet




































































 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 








































Jacobs Names Steven Demetriou President And Chief Executive Officer






Business Wire




Jul 13, 2015 8:00 AM EDT













 




























































  Jacobs Engineering Group Inc. (NYSE:JEC) announced today that Steven J. Demetriou has been named President and Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Demetriou will also be elected to the Board.  Mr. Demetriou brings over 30 years of global business leadership experience to Jacobs, including 14 years in the role of Chief Executive Officer. Most recently he served as Chairman and CEO of Aleris Corporation, a global downstream aluminum producer based in Cleveland. Over the course of his career, he has gained broad experience with companies in a range of industries including Metals, Specialty Chemicals, Oil & Gas, Manufacturing and Fertilizers. His career highlights include 16 years at ExxonMobil, where he held roles of increasing responsibility in the U.S. and Europe in operations, commercial, financial and general management.  Mr. Demetriou will start in his new role with Jacobs on August 17. His appointment completes a rigorous selection process that began in December 2014, following the retirement of former President and CEO Craig Martin.  "Mr. Demetriou is known for his passionate, hands-on leadership style, his strong customer relationships and his focus on operational excellence. We are delighted to welcome a leader of Steve's caliber to build on the strong, global foundation we have put in place and lead our company forward," said Executive Chairman Noel Watson. "Steve has a proven track record for driving growth and creating shareholder value, as well as a clear appreciation of our values and culture."  Mr. Watson will return to his non-Executive Chairman role when Mr. Demetriou joins the company.  Linda Fayne Levinson, Independent Director and Chair of Jacobs' Human Resource and Compensation Committee, added, "Our selection process included a wide array of candidates both internal and external to Jacobs. The quality of the candidate slate and the interest in this position is testament to the strength of our brand and future potential. We chose Steve because he is a performance driven leader who inspires a positive corporate culture, and he is a global leader comfortable working with clients and employees anywhere in the world. He is a great choice to lead Jacobs."  



 








 










































If you liked this article you might like













Three Stocks Poised to Rally Off Double Moving Average Support
Watch price action around the intersecting 50- and 200-day moving averages.



Robert Moreno

May 10, 2017 7:08 AM EDT
























The Hype of Infrastructure Spending is Over; Now it's 'Show Me the Money'
Earnings matter when investing in stocks that benefit from infrastructure spending. Each of these 6 infrastructure stocks had bull-market gains since the election, but 5 now have technical corrections.



Richard Suttmeier

Mar 22, 2017 7:01 AM EDT
























12 Years and Still Finding the Bulls for You: Cramer's 'Mad Money' Recap (Tuesday 3/14/17)
Jim Cramer says it's his job to educate and entertain you, as well as help you make and save money.



Scott Rutt

Mar 14, 2017 8:25 PM EDT
























Cisco Systems, CyberArk, Check Point Software: 'Mad Money' Lightning Round
Jim Cramer is bullish on Cisco Systems, Check Point Software and CyberArk Software.



Scott Rutt

Mar 14, 2017 8:14 PM EDT








































 











Trending


50 Reasons Dying Sears Had to Strike a Deal With the Ruthless Amazon


GM May Slash Six Car Models to Combat Slumping Sales, Avoid Plant Layoffs


Starbucks Has an Alarming Problem That Even Its Fans Must Admit Has to Be Fixed -- and Soon!


Don't Sleep on General Electric's Cheap Stock Price


15 Foods to Avoid if You Have High Cholesterol











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 














Executive Profile | Jacobs Engineering Group Inc. | Steven J. (Steve) Demetriou | Customer Intelligence

































































                    Home
                  



					About Us	
                  



					Pricing	
                  



					Contact	
                  



					Resources	
                  



					Blog	
                  



Log In















 











Steven J. (Steve) Demetriou 

		
		President and CEO, 

	
		 Jacobs Engineering Group Inc. 	

 
Last Updated: 05/14/2017 



Executive Summary
Demetriou in August 2015 was hired as President and Chief Executive Officer of Jacobs Engineering Group Inc., one of the world’s largest and most diverse providers of professional technical services. Demetriou also became a member of the company’s Board of Directors. Before joining Jacobs Demetriou was Chairman and CEO 
Personal Attributes and Interests

Demetriou is the son of a Boston restaurateur.
Demetriou is the majority owner of the NBA D-league basketball team, the Erie Bayhawks, a NBA Development League team affiliated with the Orlando Magic. 
Current Focus

Company Snapshot: Jacobs Engineering Group Inc. is one of the world’s largest and most diverse providers of professional technical services. The Pasadena, California-based compa 
Biographical Highlights

Born in 1959.
Demetriou earned a Bachelor of Science degree in Chemical Engineering from Tufts University in 1980. 
Other Boards and Organizations

Former Member, Board of Directors, Noveon (2001 - 2004)
Former Member, Board of Directors, Commonwealth Industries Inc. (2002 - 2004) 
 





These companies are using Boardroom Insiders to close bigger deals, faster:























Get This Complete Profile





First Name

Last Name

Company

My Role



I sell to the C-suite
		
I market to the C-suite
		
I consult to the C-suite
		
I recruit the C-suite
		
Other
		


Business Email

Phone

Email this Profile











			WATCH OUR VIDEO
			



















© 2017 Boardroom Insiders, Inc. All rights reserved. 
All trademarks are the property of their respective owners.


Privacy Policy
Contact Us
















Steven J. Demetriou, Board Dir., OM Group Inc.














A publisher of Business Information since 1983   
  





 


   

Search Business Search Executive 
  Advanced Search 




  

Sign In  |  Hints 









Profile of Steven Demetriou 





 


Steven Demetriou

 

Board Dir. - OM Group Inc.

 


Steven Demetriou Email :
Please login 

 

Company Name : 
OM Group Inc. 

 

Company Website : 
www.omgi.com 

 

Company Address : 
127 Public Sq.1500 Key Tower, Cleveland, OH,United States, 


 


Steven Demetriou Profile :
Board Dir. - OM Group Inc. 

 


Steven Demetriou Biography :


Steven J. Demetriou age 48 has been a Director since November 2005. Mr. Demetriou has been Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Aleris International Inc. an international aluminum company since December 2004 following the merger of Commonwealth Industries Inc. and IMCO Recycling Inc. Mr. Demetriou served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Commonwealth from June 2004 and a Director of Commonwealth from 2002 until the merger. He was President and Chief Executive Officer of privately held Noveon Inc. a global producer of advanced specialty chemicals for consumer and industrial applications from 2001 until June 2004 when he led the sale of Noveon to Lubrizol Corporation. From 1999 to 2001 he was Executive Vice President of IMC Global Inc. a producer and distributor of crop nutrients and animal feed ingredients. Mr. Demetriou serves on the Board of privately held Kraton Polymers. He also serves on the boards of several community organizations including United Way of Greater Cleveland Cuyahoga Community College Foundation and the Cleveland Zoological Society. 

 


Steven Demetriou Colleagues :





Name 
Title 
Email 


Joseph Scaminace 
Chmn., Pres., CEO 
Please login 


Katharine Plourde 
Board Dir. 
Please login 


Stephen Dunmead 
VP, GM, Specialties Group 
Please login 


William Reidy 
Board Dir. 
Please login 


Richard Blackburn 
Board Dir. 
Please login 













            Home  |  About Us  |  Product Information   |  Subscription  |  List Builder   |  Executive List   |  Email Lists   |  Contact Us  |  Site Map  |  Browse Directory    





 

� 2009, Walkers's Research - A publisher of Business Information since 1983, All Rights Reserved.



