

	HOLYHOPS Trademark of Demsey, John N.. Serial Number: 85145160 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Light Beverage Products
HOLYHOPS










 
Get FREE email alerts













HOLYHOPS  Trademark Information
 Demsey, John N.
Ale; Beer; Lager; Porter; Stout




Perfect for these industries

Light Beverage Products 





Words that describe this mark
ale   beer   lager   porter   stout    
                                    




This is a brand page for the HOLYHOPS trademark by Demsey, John N. 
                                in Wilmington, DE, 19803.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this HOLYHOPS trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner Demsey, John N. of the HOLYHOPS trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the HOLYHOPS trademark.
                           






On Tuesday, October 05, 2010,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        HOLYHOPS by 
                        Demsey, John N., Wilmington, DE  19803.
                        The USPTO has given the HOLYHOPS 
                        trademark serial  number of  85145160.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is REGISTERED.
                        The correspondent listed for HOLYHOPS is 
                        
                        
                                            DEMSEY, JOHN N. of 
                                            348 CASSELL CT,  WILMINGTON, DE 19803-6400,  
                                .
                            The HOLYHOPS trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Light Beverage Products 
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for HOLYHOPS 
                            is Ale; Beer; Lager; Porter; Stout. 
                            





Word mark:
 HOLYHOPS


  Status/Status Date:  


REGISTERED

7/31/2012

Estimated Renewal Deadline: July 31, 2018See Trademark Renewal Services




  Serial Number:  
85145160


  Filing Date:  
10/5/2010


 Registration Number:  
4183843 


 Registration Date:  
7/31/2012


 Goods and Services: 
Ale; Beer; Lager; Porter; Stout


 Mark Description: 
The mark consists of a hop flower with a banner containing the words "HOLYHOPS".


 Type Of Mark: 
TradeMark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
3/15/2011


Last Applicant/Owner:

Demsey, John N.Wilmington, DE  19803
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Drawing/Design + Words


 Design Search: 
See Similar Logos >>



                                                    Other natural phenomena and observable events  (Celestial bodies, Natural phenomena, Geographical maps  -  Natural phenomena ) see more design...


                                                    Climbing bushes and plants, including ivy and vines  (Plants  -  Trees, bushes ) see more design...


                                                    Other flowers including daffodils and irises (Plants  -  Flowers) see more design...


                                                    Banners  (Heraldry, flags, crowns, crosses, arrows and symbols   -  Flags, banners) see more design...




Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 ("HOPS")


 Correspondent:


DEMSEY, JOHN N.
348 CASSELL CT
WILMINGTON, DE 19803-6400







 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (032) - Beers; mineral and aerated waters and other nonalcoholic drinks; fruit drinks and fruit juices; syrups and other preparations for making beverages. 


First Use Anywhere: 
Not provided


First Use In Commerce: 
Not provided





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your HOLYHOPS trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

7/31/2012
REGISTERED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



DEMSEY, JOHN N.


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of HOLYHOPS trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search holyhops on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for HOLYHOPS 




HOLYHOPS is providing Ale; Beer; Lager; Porter; Stout.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 





















John Demsey, Estée Lauder Companies, Interview






































































 




 TNP Videos


What's the New Potato?

The New Potato


 













+










+









 









John Demsey
 President, Estée Lauder Companies


September 24th, 2014


It’s a real treat to sit down with an icon known for successfully developing some of the best and biggest brands, especially in the world of beauty where so many names seem to come and go. Our interview and photo-shoot with the president of the Estée Lauder Companies,  John Demsey, was less a traditional TNP interview and more an education on all things branding.
Demsey is known for establishing a brand’s authority, and has brought beauty magnums like Bobbi Brown, Tom Ford, La Mer, Smashbox and MAC to the forefront of their industry. Constantly toeing the line between staying relevant and maintaining brand heritage for all the labels he oversees, Demsey is king when it comes to all things cosmetics.
While we were of course curious about beauty products, we were also first and foremost eager to hear about beauty from the inside out, the art of branding, and – of course – ‘the new potato’ of cosmetics. It’s no surprise that Demsey had an answer for everything, so listen up…
What’s your ideal food day?
My ideal food day or my actual food day?
You can do both.
My ideal food day would be a totally fattening day. I would start off the morning with a latte with a double shot of espresso and eggs benedict with toasted and buttered English muffins and jam. Then for lunch, it would be a chopped chef salad, iced tea, and key lime pie. For dinner, it would be tomatoes with Russian dressing, a sirloin strip steak sliced medium rare, hash brown potatoes, and banana cream pie. That’s my ideal, and I’m starving as I’m discussing this with you.
My real meal. Morning, FiberOne, Skim milk. Lunch is stripped down salad with chicken. For dinner, mixed green salad, chicken paillard, and fresh fruit. That’s the polar opposite of what I…what I lust for most.
Just kind of jumping into Estée Lauder, how are you constantly toeing the line with brands on celebrating a brand’s heritage while also keeping it relevant?
Well, I have a portfolio (which is expanded now) of over fourteen different brands, which are very different in terms of their personalities. You know,  from Bobbi Brown, Estée Lauder, MAC, Jo Malone and Tom Ford to Smashbox, Crème de la Mer, and designer fragrances. Each brand has a unique backstory, a unique authentic DNA, and a voice.
What I try to do is be very deliberate when I’m working with a brand on living within the code or voice of that particular brand. There’s something very special and unique in the way the Estée Lauder companies curate and nurture brands, whether it is the original heritage brand, Estée Lauder for 65 plus years, a brand like MAC, or new brands that we bring into the portfolio. I try to be respectful of the past.
I have a line in terms of when businesses get a little off track. The answer is always in the room, because brands become successful for a reason. What you need to do is find the modern day context of what that reason means in today’s world, not yesterday’s world. If our brand was built on 1960s aspiration, what’s aspirational today? What’s the aspiration of women today? What’s luxury today? What does skin care in the world of cosmetic procedures look like today? The reality of context in which you discover products or brands is very different. We were just talking before you came in about what you’re doing here: an online, virtual magazine content provider. Blogs and social media have totally changed the way that brands communicate and engage fans, customers, or people who want to know, and that didn’t exist five years ago. The old world paradigm of advertising, merchandising, product development, and distribution has all changed. My guess is if we are sitting down three or four years from now, it’s going to be a hell of a lot different from today as well. But, the universal aspiration of beauty has been the same since time began. Everybody wants to look good, everybody wants to be attractive, everybody wants to feel good about themselves. That’s a universal aspiration and no one is ever satisfied.
That actually brings me to my next question. Whether it’s online or print, do you think there is a platform for beauty that’s most important?
For me personally versus for the business are two different things. I’m an old world print guy. I love magazines. I’ve fallen in love with a lot of the content providers. I love going on The Sartorialist or The Selby or other different sites because I really enjoy it. I’ve sort of started getting addicted to shopping at 1st dibs. I think it depends on how old you are. If you’re over thirty-five, I still think the traditional media with a strong Facebook sort of interface matters. I think if you’re under twenty-five, it’s all social media. Everything matters. I have a six-year-old daughter, so it’s interesting being in this business watching her start to develop and seeing how she interfaces with her iPad. My guess is her generation will be very different than Millennials now. She’s multitasking all the time: watching TV, watching her iPad, going through books, doing things, and she’s six, so…
So in terms of brands do you think one is more important than the other?
Different brands have different communities. It depends on the community, and the engagement of that community for a particular brand. For a brand like Bobbi Brown, who is a persona and personality with her own social media channel, we have a YouTube channel called I Love Makeup, which is brand sponsored but not brand messaged. It’s a way of really engaging and understanding her philosophy on beauty. For a brand like MAC, it’s about trend, fashion, now, street, and high/low.
A brand like Estée Lauder was built on a traditional distribution and advertising model, and we just launched The Estée Edit. It’s this amazing conceptual platform that goes back to the original voice of Estée Lauder herself, and brings contemporary tastemakers in the context of what Estée would have thought if she were here today.
It really matters. It’s more holistic on a brand that’s been around for a long time and that has more traditional customers and media. It’s a whole game for brands that didn’t start from that place.
When the designer of a brand moves horizontally – like Bobbi Brown going to Yahoo Beauty – what does that do for a brand?

Well, it’s interesting. If you look at Bobbi Brown, she started off as a contributor to The Today Show. She began her business working out of Frederic Fekkai in Bergdorf Goodman as a freelance makeup artist with a TV gig. She developed her brand off of a media persona, with television as her platform. Yahoo is today’s platform. I think there’s Bobbi Brown the person, and there’s Bobbi Brown the brand. They’re one in the same, yet they’re very different. I think you’re going to see more and more of that.
On our site, we’re voyeuristic in the space of food, beauty, fashion etc., but do you think that voyeurism is stronger in beauty than in other industries?
I think it’s voyeuristic because everybody wants to know the dirt on everybody else. People like seeing other people without their makeup on, and unfortunately society likes to build up and tear down. Whether it’s US Weekly or Star showing people in their bathing suits, or good looks versus bad looks on Fashion Police. It’s a guilty pleasure; people like to look. People also want to know a lot about the people they look up to (or who are in the public eye). Beauty is something that’s very personal, and something that’s very accessible. You don’t need to have a lot of money to be able to accomplish a look, and regardless of what your socioeconomic background is, you can transform yourself with makeup and hair. I think we’re all sort of voyeuristic. I know I am.
Do you think there’s high/low in beauty, like in fashion?
Absolutely. You know, there’s serious skin care, serious beauty treatments, and serious personal maintenance, depending on if you’re that type of person. Then there’s total kooky, wacky, fun club, goth, or E! Entertainment sort of Kardashian inspired beauty. It all exists in the world at the same time, and amazingly enough, you see the influence all over the place, so it’s very high/low. And, people shop high/low. People shop at Duane Reade, the supermarket, Bergdorf Goodman, Saks Fifth Avenue, Sephora, and Macy’s. People shop all over the place.
Beauty in general tends to be promiscuous. People like experimenting and trying a lot of things. When it comes to makeup, fragrances, or styling products, people like to play.

Next Page…
Pages: 1 2 
SHARE










 


DON'T MISS

Director Jonathan Levine  On Goldie Hawn, Carb Crawls, and Mother’s Day 







We Recommend






Donna Karan
 On Building A Brand, Food And Fashion, And Giving Back







Molly Sims
 On Being A Mom And The Green Juice That Will Make You Glow







Linda Wells
 Editor-in-Chief, Allure







Trudi Loren
 On Fragrance, Beauty, And A Lot Of La Mer







Town & Country Beauty Director Jamie Rosen
 On Applying Makeup & Why Fats are Best For Your Skin







Nix Clumpy Lashes & Make Lips Pop
 From BareMinerals Founder Leslie Blodgett







Comments



sandy
September 25th, 2014 
What a down-to-earth, good-natured fellow! I always hope that executives, especially of a well-known company, are not going to take themselves too seriously. Mr. Demsey seems as if he would be accessible and helpful to employees; goofy with and loyal to friends; and, not least significantly, a fabulous conversationalist. (Yep, I’m crushing a little bit over here:-))


 



Brocka
May 31st, 2015 
I rarely comment, and this blog in itself rarely receives comments generally, (curious about that, aside); but this interview is intrinsically valuable, whether literally or metaphorically. So much wisdom here, thank you.


 


Leave a Comment



Name:



Email:









Comment:



 
 




The New Potato on the Web        Newsletter Sign Up
Popular Articles 
 


NYC’s Top 40 Rooftops We Know Where You’ll Be Drinking Tonight. 



30 Sales Items You Need Shop The Best Of The July 4th Sales 



How To Style Summer Hair Presenting The 2017 Lookbook 



20 Simple Tank Tops They’re Our #1 Summer Staple 



What To Wear To A Summer Wedding 10 Perfect Outfits That’ll Last All Season 


 





Trending Articles
30 Sales Items You Need Shop The Best Of The July 4th Sales10 Beach Bag Essentials Tote As Few Things As PossibleYour July Horoscope! The AstroTwins Explain What This Month HoldsThe 60 Best Paris Restaurants Eat Like An InsiderThe Best Last-Minute Getaways You Can Still Make Plans This Long-Weekend! 




©2017 The New Potato. All rights reserved.

 


Newsletter Subscription
Get the latest from The New Potato straight to your inbox!




 














































 

Human Resources – WWD
























 


























 
















  
































 


WWD logo










x






















 


WWD logo



search




Close





						SUBSCRIBE TO						WWD logo







Follow Us


twitter

facebook

Instagram


LinkedIn









Today's Digital Daily





 



WWD logo


Sections

Fashion. Beauty. Business.




Log in











search







Created with Sketch.














					Tap into our Global Network of Industry Leaders, and Designers.				

					The Insider's Source for Business Analysis				
WWD logo


Subscribe Now

Log in



  





Business
Kering Revenues Rise 25.4% in Q2 as Gucci Again Outperforms

clock

21h
	• Joelle Diderich



Business
EXCLUSIVE: Sarah Rutson Tapped to Build New American Fashion Group

clock

20h
	• WWD Staff



Business
Amazon Inks Violet Grey Deal: Sources

clock

8h
	• Kali Hays























Human Resources



 

Human Resources
Fiorucci Builds Design, Commercial Team Ahead of London Store Opening
The brand will open a three-level shop in London’s Soho and plans to open a store in New York in 2018.


clock

17h
	• Samantha Conti





 

Human Resources
Levi’s Chip Bergh Elected HP’s Independent Board Chairman
Bergh has been lead independent director on HP’s board since March 2017.


clock

July 26, 2017
	• Vicki M. Young





Human Resources
David Rosenblatt Named to Farfetch Group Board
His duties will include deciding on strategy, working with the management and using his tech background to help support the company’s growth.


clock

July 25, 2017
	• Lorelei Marfil





Get access to more human resources coverage from WWD.com			
			SUBSCRIBE TODAY		



Human Resources
David Cunningham Named CMO of Kaltex America
Most recently, he was chief executive officer of Jade Marketing Group. 


clock

July 24, 2017
	• Lisa Lockwood














 

Human Resources
Haney Appoints Jennifer Oh to Newly Created Role of President
The Los Angeles-based, luxury ready-to-wear label founded by Mary Alice Haney has named Jennifer Oh of The RealReal to the newly created role.


clock

July 20, 2017
	• Marcy Medina





 

Human Resources
Massimo Nicosia Leaves Role as Pringle’s Men’s Design Director
Nicosia is moving to Milan to pursue a new opportunity.


clock

July 20, 2017
	• Samantha Conti





 

Human Resources
Burberry’s Paul Price Named CEO of Topshop, Topman
The appointment comes as Sir Philip Green shakes up the management ranks at Arcadia and its parent Taveta.


clock

July 19, 2017
	• Samantha Conti





 

Human Resources
Maureen Chiquet to Be Nominated to Canada Goose Board of Directors
Her candidacy as an independent director will be submitted to Canada Goose’s annual general meeting in Toronto on Aug. 15.


clock

July 19, 2017
	• Joelle Diderich














 

Human Resources
Vera Bradley Becomes Latest to Tap New CFO
John Enwright will take up the post about a month before the handbag retailer is set to release second-quarter results.


clock

July 18, 2017
	• Kali Hays





 

Human Resources
Signet’s First Female CEO May Be Stepping Onto a ‘Glass Cliff’
Virginia Drosos is no doubt qualified to lead Signet, but she’s coming on at a tough time for the retailer.


clock

July 18, 2017
	• Kali Hays





 

Human Resources
Louvet on Why He Joined Ralph Lauren Corp.
Louvet is focused on how the consumer experiences the brand.


clock

July 17, 2017
	• Vicki M. Young





 

Human Resources
Signet Names First Female CEO in Wake of Harassment Claims
Current ceo Mark Light is retiring after 35 years with the company.


clock

July 17, 2017
	• Kali Hays





 

Human Resources
Escada Names Marco Raab Global Vice President Marketing and Communications
Ex-Red Bull marketing ace to “give wings” to Escada’s on and offline activities.


clock

July 12, 2017
	• Melissa Drier





 

Human Resources
Athletic Compression Brand 2XU Opens N.A. HQ in Santa Monica
In addition to the new HQ, it also operates three stores in California.


clock

July 10, 2017
	• Vicki M. Young





 

Human Resources
State Earmarks $3M to Laid Off American Apparel Workers
The money would go toward training for 600 workers.


clock

July 7, 2017
	• Kari Hamanaka




Load More Arrow












Essentialist
Today's Must Read








 




Fashion
Vince Enters Home Category

clock

16h
	• Lisa Lockwood













Latest Galleries











 

Kelsey Asbille Talks Taylor Sheridan’s ‘Wind River’











 

Lily Collins and Janie Bryant Discuss Fashions in Amazon’s ‘The Last Tycoon’





















FREE ALERTS & NEWSLETTERS











SIGN UP






PRIVACY POLICY















 


Social Studies





























@wwd
“I see things on the hanger and I’m, like, ‘I never knew that color worked on me.’ It’s things you necessarily wouldn’t choose to wear, but once you put them on, you see why Janie is who Janie is." — Lily Collins on working with former "Mad Men" costume designer, Janie Bryant on creating looks for her role as Celia Brady's in Amazon series, "The Last Tycoon." 📸@jilliansollazzo  #wwdeye





@wwd
EXCLUSIVE: Sarah Rutson has been tapped to Build New American Fashion Group. The parent of Joie, Equipment and Current/Elliott hired the merchant to rev up its brands and expand its portfolio into designer, beauty and lifestyle categories. Read more on WWD.com, link in bio. #wwdfashion





@wwd
Michael Kors' $1.3B Jimmy Choo deal has the company squaring off with Coach Inc. as both seek to build American powerhouses. Coach bought Stuart Weitzman in 2015 and Kate Spade just two weeks ago, but Michael Kors' acquisition may be putting pressure on its rival in the new push for scale. #wwdnews (📷: George Chinsee)





@wwd
Meet actress Lucy Boynton, who plays opposite Naomi Watts in the recently released Netflix series "Gypsy." Boynton stopped by WWD to talk about her upcoming projects and her nomadic lifestyle. Get all the details on WWD.com. #wwdeye (📷: @dandoperalski)





@wwd
Street style at the Lollapalooza festival in Paris. #theyarewearing (📷: @vannibassetti)





@wwd
Dark florals take on edgy airs when mixed with stripes and sneakers. #wwdfashion (📷: @katiemccurdy_; Styled by @elmercer)




















More From Our Brands






Footwear News
These are the 7 Must-Have Outdoor Shoes for Spring ’18
2h Ago







Fairchild Live
2017 WWD Apparel & Retail CEO Summit
6 months Ago







Variety
Flint Water Crisis Documentary in the Works From ‘You’ve Been Trumped’ Filmmaker
4h Ago







BGR
Samsung just leaked the Galaxy Note 8’s preorder date
4h Ago






ad












































































































































































The Law Office of Dempsey & Dempsey :: Buffalo, New York (NY)

























 
 























Medical MalpracticeMedical malpractice occurs when a doctor acts negligently and someone is seriously injured as a result. It may be because a doctor or other health care provider prescribed the wrong treatment, the wrong medication, or the wrong dose.


Wrongful DeathWrongful death claims is the general term for cases that involve the death of a person. Wrongful death claims are claims brought by either representatives of the estate of a person who was killed as the result of the acts of another or by family members of the deceased person.


Drunk DriversIn the United States the number of drunk driving accidents and deaths has sky-rocketed in recent years. The lives of innocent men, women, and children are being cut short by the reckless and illegal behavior of drunk drivers.


Personal InjuryA personal injury can be devastating to every aspect of the person's life. There may be mounting medical bills, lost wages due to inability to work, and always the intangible aspect of pain.


Product LiabilityYou have a right to expect that products you buy will not hurt you or make you ill. Defects can make ordinary products dangerous. Lack of proper warnings can make otherwise safe products hazardous.













Big Enough to Help, Small Enough to CareCall Us: (716) 885-8645 
If you have been injured as a result of someone's negligent act, we would appreciate the opportunity to help you find a fair and just resolution to your claim.
We recognize that each case begins with a personal story which is often tragic. We take the time to listen and build a relationship with our clients and we are passionate about obtaining fair results.
Medical Malpractice  |  Wrongful Death 
Personal Injury  |  Motor Vehicle Accidents  |  Product Liability
Personal Injury - Plaintiff  |  Probate and Estate AdministrationReal Property - Sales and Purchases 
The Allentown Associationhttp://allentown.org/
 













  







Home




Overview




Practice AreasMedical Malpractice
Wrongful Death
Product Liability
Drunk Drivers
Motor Vehicle Accidents
Personal Injury




Attorneys & StaffAttorneys
John M. Dempsey, Esq.
Helen K. Dempsey, Esq.
Patrick J. Maloney, Esq.
Catherine B. Dempsey, Esq.
Sarah Siracusa, Esq.
Legal Assistants
Ann Haller Trimper
Samuel J. LaMarca
Support Staff
Ashley Silvis
Jessica Kirker
June Converse
Lisa Smith
Nurse Consultant
Eileen LaMarca, R.N.




About 561 Franklin Street




Settlements/Verdicts




Links




Contact Us




News




Tell Us About Your Case




Testimonials







 



News & Press

News: Medical ErrorsResearch has confirmed that 440,000 people die every year because of preventable medical errors. That is equivalent to almost the entire population of Atlanta, Georgia, dying from a medical error each year. Preventable medical errors are the third leading cause of death in the United States and cost our country tens of billions of dollars a year.
Read On . . . 
Case Review

Contact us today for a no cost, no obligation review of your case.











Law Office of Dempsey & Dempsey561 Franklin St.  |  Buffalo, New York 14202    Phone: (716) 885-8645  |  Fax: (716) 885-8569E-mail: ddlaw@dempseylaw.net
The information you obtain at this site is not, nor is it intended to be, legal advice. You should consult an attorney for individual advice regarding your own situation.
Copyright © 2014 Law Office of Dempsey & Dempsey. All Rights Reserved.  |  Website design and development by Data Design Group
You may reproduce materials available at this site for your own personal use and for non-commercial distribution. All copies must include this copyright statement.







Estée Lauder President John Demsey and MAC AIDS Fund Director Nancy Mahon Talk Viva Glam, Nicki Minaj, and Ricky Martin | Vanity FairVanity FairSign InEstée Lauder President John Demsey and MAC AIDS Fund Director Nancy Mahon Talk Viva Glam, Nicki Minaj, and Ricky Martinby Evan MulvihillFebruary 21, 2012 6:15 pmEmailFacebookTwitterNicki Minaj and Ricky Martin, faces of MAC's Viva Glam, perform at the Viva Glam launch party.Each year, MAC Cosmetics picks a big-name celebrity to feature on a trademark product for their Viva Glam campaign. Last year, Lady Gaga partnered with the brand to produce Viva Glam Gaga lipstick, which had a sort of taupe-meets-crimson sheen to it; this year, they’ve chosen Nicki Minaj for a bright bubblegum-pink lipstick and Ricky Martin for a colorless unisex lip conditioner. While many corporations wrangle endorsements from famous people at high prices and then hawk the products for higher profits, MAC gives 100 percent of all proceeds from their Viva Glam products to the MAC AIDS Fund.After a whirlwind media tour, with appearances on Good Morning Americaand Live! with Kellyearlier in the day, Nicki and Ricky relaxed at New York City's Stage 37 last week for their much-hyped Viva Glam launch party. Before the bash, we caught two of MAC’s top execs and chatted them up about the famous duo: Nicki and Ricky’s rhyming synergy, how they make money off the products, and whether Obama is wearing makeup on-camera.Here’s what John Demsey, group president of the __Estée Lauder Companies,__and Nancy Mahon, global executive director of the MAC AIDS Fund, had to say.Nicki Minaj with John Demsey, group president of the Estée Lauder Companies.
How did you choose Nicki and Ricky as the new faces of the Viva Glam campaign?John Demsey: Both of them have huge, diverse platforms in terms of their fan base and audience. In Nicki’s case, she’s become one of the leading voices for young people and really has captured the imagination of the day. We also believe she can sell the lipstick. Ricky has been a pop star since he was a young child. He himself is on a trajectory to taking his career to greater heights. It’s the first time that MAC Cosmetics has ever done a unisex product that can be used by men and women with no shades associated with it. The two are a surprising, fun combination of pop-culture personality, muscle, and fund-raising ability.Nancy Mahon: I’d just like to add that AIDS is the leading killer of black women in America and abroad. That’s something Nicki really took to heart. And Nicki’s uncle died of AIDS himself.You guys give away 100 percent of the proceeds from Nicki’s lipstick and Ricky’s lip conditioner, each costing $14.50, to the MAC____AIDS____Fund. Clearly, it’s a great cause, but how can you make any money off of it?
John: We’ve been doing this for 20 years—first, with RuPaul, and last year, with Lady Gaga. We’ve found that this cause in particular resonates with the staff that works for the brand, as well as the customers around the world who are attracted to our brand. Whenever our Viva Glam business is at an all-time high, so is our overall business. For us, this is not only good work—it’s good business.__Nancy:__We as a company give more money to AIDS than any other company in the world. Last year, we raised $38 million and gave that all away. We would be happy for more company, so we not only encourage customers to make a difference but also other companies. It’s a wonderful testament that you can do good in the world and do good business.In terms of selling the lip conditioner to men, do you think they’ll really buy it?John: A little-known fact is that there probably isn’t a performance artist, model, film star, newscaster, or journalist—male or female—in the world that doesn’t have some sort of experience with using a MAC product from time to time. It always amazes me how many men—politicians, professional athletes—in the era of high-definition television wear makeup as part of projecting their total image.D.J. Benny Benassi performs at the Viva Glam launch party.
__Are you going to name any names here?John:__There’s hardly a person I can think of that has not used our products.__Obama?John:__ I don’t know if he has. I know that Michelle has.__How about Brian WIliams?John:__ Everybody does! We’ve come a long way since the Nixon-Kennedy debates, in 1960.__I saw a promo ad that said one lipstick can buy 254 male condoms or 24
female condoms. In terms of where the money will go, do you focus on
prevention, research, or medicine for those who already have the
disease?Nancy__: We certainly do fund condoms—we fund a
large range of services—but the bulk of what we do is fund food and
housing for people living with AIDS. The bottom line is if you can’t eat and you don’t have a roof over your head, you can’t practice prevention or get better.Ricky Martin flashes a peace sign on his way into the party.
__The Nicki lipstick is bubblegum-pink. Do you think girls will want to go for this really bold color?John:__I’m
sure of it, because we had a little experiment. When Nicki came to us
before she launched her first album, Pink Friday, she was big fan of a
pink shade of our lipstick, and we actually created a variant of the
shade for her album launch, which we put online only. We thought we
would sell 2,500 pieces over four Fridays last November. We sold 40,000.
If you watched the Grammys, she wore the Viva Glam lipstick during her
performance.__What did you think of that performance? It was
very Catholic-imagery inspired and somewhat blasphemous. Could that turn
off some people?John:__It could. I think she definitely made a statement and got people’s attention, and that’s what MAC’s all about.__Ricky has around 4 or 5 million fans on Twitter, while Nicki has 9 million. Is she the more famous spokesperson of the two?John:__
Ricky has a very surprisingly big fan base in Asia and in the
international markets. He really hasn’t been focusing on the American
Twitter-using market for quite some time. I don’t know if you saw his
performance on Glee two weeks ago, or the news that he’s going to be in
Evita on Broadway, but this campaign coincides with the re-introduction
of Ricky Martin to mainstream America.__Ricky’s not the first openly gay person you guys have used, either.John:__ We’ve used RuPaul, k.d. lang, and Elton John, so we’ve had everybody from all walks of life associated with the brand.Nancy:
John, I didn’t get to tell you this, but this morning Nicki told me,
“Boy, you guys are really good at this. I really like working with
Ricky.” So they have very nice chemistry.__And it rhymes!John:__We
didn’t know it was going to happen this way, but it’s lining up to be a
very Ricky-and-Nicki moment. And MAC is at the center of it.Full ScreenPhotos:1/12Estée Lauder President John Demsey and MAC AIDS Fund Director Nancy Mahon Talk Viva Glam, Nicki Minaj, and Ricky MartinMAC Viva Glam launch party at Stage 37 in N.Y.C.John Demsey, group president of Estée Lauder Companies, and Ricky Martin, who is the face of MAC's new colorless lip conditioner.D.J. Benny Benassi performs for the crowd.Nicki Minaj shows off her bubblegum-pink MAC Viva Glam lipstick shade.Alina ChoDerek BlasbergMAC AIDS fund director Nancy Mahon.PreviousNextMAC Viva Glam launch party at Stage 37 in N.Y.C.John Demsey, group president of Estée Lauder Companies, and Ricky Martin, who is the face of MAC's new colorless lip conditioner.D.J. Benny Benassi performs for the crowd.Nicki Minaj shows off her bubblegum-pink MAC Viva Glam lipstick shade.Coco RochaAnna Shilling, Christian Siriano and Brad WalshTinsley MortimerBrad GoreskiKelly OsbourneAlina ChoDerek BlasbergMAC AIDS fund director Nancy Mahon.ShareEmailFacebookTwitterYOU MIGHT LIKEThe Year of Titanic Cast Reunions Has ArrivedVanity FairThe One Thing Prince William and Kate Middleton Ban from Their HomeVanity FairQueen Elizabeth’s Rainbow Closet of CoatsVanity FairSee Angelina Jolie’s Transformation from Young Starlet to Global HumanitarianVanity FairPrince George and Princess Charlotte’s Most Adorable Moments on the 2017 Poland/Germany TourVanity FairMelania Trump Will Soon Hang Out with Prince Harry for a WeekVanity FairAround the WebPowered by ZergnetRELATEDSEEKThe Year of Titanic Cast Reunions Has ArrivedBY HILARY WEAVERThe One Thing Prince William and Kate Middleton Ban from Their HomeBY JOSH DUBOFFSEEK


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












      M.A.C Cosmetics's John Demsey and His Busy Social Life - WSJ
    











































































































 




Dow Jones, a News Corp companyNews Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information servicesDow JonesBarron'sBigChartsDJXDow Jones NewswiresFactivaFinancial NewsMansion GlobalMarketWatchNewsPlusPrivate MarketsRisk & ComplianceWSJ ConferenceWSJ ProWSJ VideoWSJ.comNews CorpBig DecisionsBusiness SpectatorCheckout51Harper CollinsNew York PostPropTigerREArealtor.comStoryfulThe AustralianThe SunThe TimesSubscribe NowSign InThe Wall Street JournalSearchSearch→
 

 

















                        
          Eating & Drinking
        
                      

                      Have You Tried This Season’s ‘It’ Vegetables?
                    











                        
          Fete Accompli
        
                      

                      SNL’s Aidy Bryant and Vanessa Bayer Celebrate Their Favorite Jewelry Brand
                    











                        
          Style & Fashion
        
                      

                      Charcoal: The New Beauty Advantage
                    











                        
          Fast Five
        
                      

                      The 5 Most Stylish Digital Alarm Clocks
                    











                        
          Style & Fashion
        
                      

                      Snowboarder Shaun White on Trading Hoodies for Grown-Up Style
                    











                        
          Gear & Gadgets
        
                      

                      Bluetooth Earbuds That Are Tangle-Proof and Hard to Lose
                    











                        
          Flower School
        
                      

                      Arrange Flowers Like a Pro—Starting With an Unlikely Inspiration
                    











                        
          Design & Decoration
        
                      

                      Hanging Nude Paintings in Your Home: So Out, They’re In
                    











                        
          Rumble Seat
        
                      

                      2018 VW Atlas SUV: A German Vision of America’s Dream Car
                    











                      NFL’s New Tanking Strategy: Save Till Next Year
                    











                      In July, Pitchers Have Barely Been Able to Get Jose Altuve Out
                    











                      Stop Saying Tom Brady Is Old!
                    











                      Baseball’s Biggest Teardown Could Provide New Blueprint
                    









 



 






 

































        Small
      




        Medium
      




        Large
      








Save Article
Sign In to Save
Subscribe to WSJ









 











                  Fashion
              




M.A.C Cosmetics's John Demsey and His Busy Social Life
Keeping up the cool quotient by keeping a packed calendar

 






By

Ray A. Smith


Ray A. Smith
The Wall Street Journal
BiographyRay A. Smith
@rayalexsmith
Ray.Smith@wsj.com




  Feb. 12, 2014 7:01 p.m. ET





 John Demsey's social calendar is so complicated that an assistant's sole responsibility is managing it. Mr. Demsey, who oversees M.A.C Cosmetics, receives six to seven social invitations a day. He goes out four nights a week, often to several events a night. It is all in the service of keeping M.A.C cool and current, and at Mr. Demsey's age (56) and M.A.C's age (30), that's a lot of work. The bold cosmetics brand, part of Estée...
  


    To Read the Full Story
  


      Subscribe
    

      Sign In
    



 












 






Most Popular Videos









Sen. Graham: The 'Skinny' Bill Is a Disaster









Dan Neil Drives VW's Atlas









Who and What Is Covered by Medicaid?









How Luxury Home Builders Build for Themselves









USS Thunderbolt Fires Warning Shots at Iranian Vessel in Gulf






Most Popular Articles








Scaramucci Erupts Over Priebus and Leakers








Stop Saying Tom Brady Is Old!








Bad News If You Make $150,000 to $300,000: Higher Taxes for Many








Hanging Nude Paintings in Your Home: So Out, They’re In








Opinion: How Long Can the Trump Tumult Go On?





 





 







              Popular on WSJ
            








Most Popular Videos









Sen. Graham: The 'Skinny' Bill Is a Disaster









Dan Neil Drives VW's Atlas









Who and What Is Covered by Medicaid?









How Luxury Home Builders Build for Themselves









USS Thunderbolt Fires Warning Shots at Iranian Vessel in Gulf






Most Popular Articles








Scaramucci Erupts Over Priebus and Leakers








Stop Saying Tom Brady Is Old!








Bad News If You Make $150,000 to $300,000: Higher Taxes for Many








Hanging Nude Paintings in Your Home: So Out, They’re In








Opinion: How Long Can the Trump Tumult Go On?





 








 
















   
     
       
     
   

  
    
      
    
  

  
    
      
    
  

  
    
      
    
  


  
    
    
      
    
    
      Save Article
      Sign In to Save
      Subscribe to WSJ
    
  

   
     
       
     
   
   
     
       
     
   




  
  
    
      
  
    
      Text Size
  
      
      
        

        Small
      
  
      
      
        

        Medium
      
  
      
      
        

        Large
      
    
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
    
      
        
          
            
              
          
            Print
          
        
      
          
            
              
          
            Facebook
          
        
        
          
            
              
          
            Twitter
          
        
        
          
            
              
          
            WhatsApp
          
        
  
        
          
            
              
          
            SMS
          
        
  
  
        
          
            
              
          
            Copy Link
          
        
  
      
  
      
        
    
  
    
  
  
  


 















Dempsey, John                                                                                                            - Westbury                                          , NY         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



NY



Westbury



Industrial Machinery and Equipment



Wholesale - Materials Handling Machinery



                            Dempsey, John
                                    



 





















D 


Dempsey, John                                                                                                           
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



2159 SALISBURY PARK DR WESTBURY, NY 11590
Get Directions



(516) 333-5272
 





Business Info



 Founded 1980
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $307,253.00
 Employee Count 4
 Industries Wholesale - Materials Handling Machinery
 Contacts John Dempsey                                                                                                            







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 1980, Dempsey, John                                                                                                            has been providing Wholesale - Materials Handling Machinery from Westbury. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







D

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

































The Plugged In World of John Demsey – WWD
























 













































 

















 
















  
































 


WWD logo










x






















 


WWD logo



search




Close





						SUBSCRIBE TO						WWD logo







Follow Us


twitter

facebook

Instagram


LinkedIn









Today's Digital Daily





 



WWD logo


Sections

Fashion. Beauty. Business.




Log in











search







Created with Sketch.














					Tap into our Global Network of Industry Leaders, and Designers.				

					The Insider's Source for Business Analysis				
WWD logo


Subscribe Now

Log in



  





Business
Kering Revenues Rise 25.4% in Q2 as Gucci Again Outperforms

clock

21h
	• Joelle Diderich



Business
EXCLUSIVE: Sarah Rutson Tapped to Build New American Fashion Group

clock

20h
	• WWD Staff



Business
Amazon Inks Violet Grey Deal: Sources

clock

8h
	• Kali Hays
























					Business				



Human Resources				







The Plugged In World of John Demsey
By combining his appetite for pop culture with a razor-sharp business acumen, the group president of Estee Lauder is redefining 21st-century beauty branding. 


































						By Jenny B. Fine on November 11, 2011					

































































				Share This Article
				











							Reddit						








							LinkedIn						








							WhatsApp						








							Email						








							Print						








							Talk						











View Slideshow







 
	 
	View Gallery	—
	8	 
	Photos















Jo Malone Limited Fragrance
Kenji Aoki





Estée Lauder Re-Nutriv Eye Creme and Estée Lauder Idealist Even Skintone Illuminator
Kenji Aoki




Related



 

Fiorucci Builds Design, Commercial Team Ahead of London Store Opening
 


 

Levi’s Chip Bergh Elected HP’s Independent Board Chairman
 




David Rosenblatt Named to Farfetch Group Board
 



Fiorucci Builds Design, Commercial Team Ahead of London Store Opening
Levi’s Chip Bergh Elected HP’s Independent Board Chairman
David Rosenblatt Named to Farfetch Group Board






Appeared In

Special Issue
Beauty Inc issue 11/11/2011






Forty floors above Fifth Avenue, in a tastefully decorated if somewhat bland room dominated by a Richard Serra lithograph, lies the corner office of John Demsey.

Group president of the Estée Lauder Cos. Inc., Demsey oversees eight of the company’s key brands, including Estée Lauder, MAC, Bobbi Brown, La Mer, Jo Malone, Tom Ford, Prescriptives and the recently acquired Smashbox. In all, industry sources estimate Demsey’s brands generated an estimated $5 billion of the $8.8 billion in net sales that the company reported for its fiscal year 2011.
This story first appeared in the November 11, 2011 issue of WWD.  Subscribe Today.
The 40th floor aerie is a visible manifestation of Demsey’s professional achievements, but the executive isn’t one to roost comfortably in an ivory tower. Rather, Demsey’s success stems from his prowess in knowing what’s happening outside the insular walls of his office. More than any other beauty executive working today, Demsey is a master at keeping his fingers on the pulse of pop culture, continually ahead of the curve in anticipating the next big thing — be it in the worlds of fashion, music, art, celebrity, retail, photography, publishing or design. By applying that connectivity to the brands he oversees — most notably starting with MAC  back in 1988 — Demsey has helped redefine modern-day beauty branding.

 
“The brands that have long-term sustainability are the brands that live in the context of now — not based on who you used to be,” says Demsey, who declined to comment on sales figures for this story.
 
Living in the context of now means that Demsey is as comfortable at Saks Fifth Avenue, schmoozing with its chief executive offiver Steve Sadove during a frenzied Fashion’s Night Out pit stop, as he is two hours later welcoming hipster songstress Beth Ditto in a makeshift dressing room at MAC’s SoHo store before she performs an electrifying set to adoring fans. It means navigating his way through throngs of cross-dressing fashionistas to greet Nicola Formichetti, Lady Gaga’s stylist turned fashion designer who tonight is opening a pop-up store in TriBeCa, and the next day escorting pop star Nicki Minaj to her front-row seat at Prabal Gurung amid the glare of flashbulbs.
 
“If anyone else looked at my schedule, they would think, Why on earth is he doing those things?” says Demsey. “Yet what I know is that there is a rhyme and reason behind every single thing that I do.”
 
That approach is one of his most defining characteristics. “John’s greatest strength is his insight into the often not obvious aspects of the business, such as popular culture and distribution,” says Leonard Lauder, chairman emeritus of the Estée Lauder Cos. Inc., who has known Demsey since 1991. “He shows a tremendous flexibility in comprehending how each brand needs a unique approach. Each brand that he supervises has created its own unique personality and individual growth rate. No two brands look or soundalike. That’s beyond brilliant.”
 
Jane Hertzmark Hudis, the global brand president of Estée Lauder, has seen firsthand how Demsey filters the myriad influences he surrounds himself with, parceling ideas to the brands they are most relevant for. “What he’s amazing at is that he has his finger on the pulse. He knows the beat, and he can go to the edge and exciting part of any opportunity,” she says. “He has a sensibility about culture, about edge, about the next big trend, and it is percolating with him. He is sitting on it, thinking about it, and he looks among his brands for the right opportunity and puts it there. He has a sensibility to pick up whatever is about to happen and seize that and see where the next opportunity can be.”
Fabrizio Freda, the chief executive officer of Lauder under whose tenure has seen Demsey’s role at the company evolve from day-to-day brand steward to group strategic thinker, agrees. “John is strategic and creative at the same time,” says Freda. “He is very good about taking a chance when he sees the opportunity, and enabling his team to have the courage to take a chance. He knows when the right moment is to take risk. He has a good hunter instinct.”
For proof, take the rejuvenation of the Estée Lauder brand. Demsey was named its president in early 2005, after successfully transforming MAC from an indie makeup artist brand into a color cosmetics giant. While Lauder was undeniably a prestige sales powerhouse, its image had become staid and in need of modernizing. Demsey was very familiar with the brand — his first job at the corporation was as its vice president of sales for the West Coast, and he diligently absorbed the teachings of Estée Lauder and Leonard Lauder. However, it was the time he spent away from it that held the key to Demsey’s ideas for its reinvention. “The great-est liberator to me was coming back after eight years at MAC, with fresh eyes,” he says. “The ability to have fresh eyes is not forever, and I started thinking more abstractly in terms of what does Estée Lauder really mean? Who is our competition? Who is really buying the product?
“If a brand is successful, there’s a reason, and the answer is usually sitting in the room,” he continues. “And I try to go back to the original DNA of what the brand was about.”
That thinking led Demsey to Estée herself, who he saw in a new, more modern light. “I began to understand that she wasn’t conventional, that her command of point of sale, her point of view relative to product, the way she conceptualized things and the way she worked with Leonard were all quite different for the time.” And that thinking led Demsey to decide that it was time for a jolt. Enter Tom Ford, the superstar designer who had recently inked a deal with Lauder for an eponymous fragrance line and whose overtly sexual ethos was the polar opposite of Lauder’s genteel universe. Demsey decided to do a co-branded limited edition color cosmetics collection to be called the Tom Ford and Estée Lauder Collection.
“The idea was a shock to the brand and a shock to the world,” he says. “It was a short-term association for the Estée Lauder brand, but it was a turning point in that it reframed the importance of aspiration, storytelling and establishing uniqueness and a point of difference to sell product.”

Aspiration is a word that comes up often in Demsey’s conversation. In his mind, it is the single most important attribute that the company sells. “Beauty in its abstract concept is an aspiration. It’s not always a reality,” he says. “There is an aspirational element to beauty that exists from dollar stores all the way up to Bergdorf Goodman, because beauty in its ultimate is an aspiration.”
 
To that end, aspiration is the lens through which Demsey views all aspects of the business — be it product development or distribution strategies, global expansion or brand messaging. The success of Tom Ford’s collaboration with Estée Lauder helped clarify that vision even more. “All of a sudden, I had people calling me for the brand who had never called before,” Demsey recalls. “That started to stimulate the thought in terms of how do you define modern-day aspiration, where does it exist and how do you live it?”
The answer was China. Period. “Thia Breen and I came to the conclusion that the aspirational future of the world was Asia, and that was really the pull in terms of where, if you wanted to win the hearts and minds of the aspirational consumer for the next 20, 30, 40 years, you’d better be successful there. To that end, Lauder shifted its message in China from “less promotional to more aspirational,” Demsey says, with a clear emphasis on luxury skin care. The concept, Demsey points out, “was very similar to the way the brand was originally established in the U.S. in the late 1940s and ’50s at stores like Saks Fifth Avenue and I. Magnin.”

The strategy worked. Today, Estée Lauder claims to be the number-one prestige beauty brand in its distribution and the fastest-growing Western brand in Asia. The Estée Lauder Cos. doesn’t break out regional sales by brand, but sales in the Asia Pacific region increased 17 percent, or $250 million, for the fiscal year 2011, to almost $1.8 billion. Sales in China alone grew 33 percent, and the company expects it to become its largest market in Asia Pacific this year.
Still, it’s one thing to build a global business with a brand that already has more than $1 billion in sales. It’s quite another to do it with a brand from scratch, a feat Demsey is currently tackling with the introduction of an ambitious color cosmetics and skin care line under the Tom Ford banner. Although the 132-stockkeeping-unit line is currently bowing in just 45 doors worldwide, the launch is primarily a global play, not a U.S. one. “Tom Ford has placed a big bet on China and Korea and, to a lesser extent, Japan,” says Demsey. “He sees the future of luxury as heavily rooted in those capital cities in Asia.”
That being said, Tom Ford beauty won’t launch in Asia until sometime next year. While the brand currently has a strong fragrance and lipstick business with estimated global sales of $150 million at retail, and rich Chinese consumers have a predilection for luxury labels from the West, fragrance is still a cultural anomaly in Asia. “We deliberately held off on the Asian articulation of the brand to make sure we understand everything that is working and to make sure it goes into the marketplace in the right way,” says Demsey.
The launch of Tom Ford is ambitious to be sure, but Demsey has proven himself to be an able brand builder over the years. When he took over MAC in 1998, it had an estimated wholesale volume of $140 million. Today, industry sources estimate its wholesale volume at more than $1.5 billion. The NPD Group reports the brand is ranked number one in prestige color, and is number one in the lip and eye categories, number two in foundation and number five in mascara. Those figures exclude sales in MAC’s own stores. Demsey declined to comment on the sales figure but does note that the MAC AIDS Fund raised about $3 million when he first arrived, a figure which has risen to $230 million collectively today ($38 at million of that in the last fiscal year alone).
 
Although sources estimate Tom Ford’s makeup and skin care is expected to hit $40 million in first-year sales — a pittance compared to Lauder’s billion-dollar behemoths — the company has thrown the full weight of its support behind it. “New brands today are the big brands of tomorrow,” says William Lauder, chairman of the Estée Lauder Cos. “I remember being asked to speak once about MAC and niche brands at a conference, and my comment was, ‘Every brand has a niche. Some are bigger than others. The characterization of MAC as niche still holds today — it just has a very nice niche.”
Demsey is modest about the brand’s success. “When I first got to MAC, Leonard Lauder told me to make it more MAC than it ever was. I thought, ‘Whatever that means,’” he laughingly remembers.

Demsey has a droll manner when speaking, and he tends to think as others write — in fully formed paragraphs that segue crisply from one thought to the next, each point building upon theprevious to substantiate the original hypothesis. It’s a mana- gerial style under which people either thrive or wilt, associ- ates say. Many of his key team members have been with him for 10-plus years, and laud his leadership technique. Still, for others, his flashes of steeliness can be off-putting.
Says James Gager, who today is senior vice president and group creative director of the MAC, La Mer and Jo Malone brands, and who was one of the first people Demsey tapped for MAC, “I’m not for everybody as a person. I’m a very specific guy. What I admire about John is that he truly understands what I bring to the party. And I could say that about John, as well. He’s not for everybody either, but he brings special skills to whatever situation he is in, and that’s important in terms of being a success and a leader.”
He’s also not afraid to take risks. Jennifer Balbier, senior vice president of global product development for artistry brands, remembers the birth of MAC’s Mineralize line. “I found a complex in our lab comprised of 77 minerals fermented in yeast water, and a little factory in Italy — who we didn’t do business with — who could bake it,” she recounts. “Bare Escentuals was starting to explode, but I was having a hard time getting anybody interested. I took it to John, who believed in my vision and said, ‘Let’s do it.’” The risk paid off. Today, Mineralize is one of MAC’s biggest franchises.
As Demsey delved deeper into MAC, he began to fulfill Leonard Lauder’s mandate. “I came to understand what he meant, that the life force of the brand was its counterculture beginnings and the focus on the makeup artist and the theatricality, and that the heart and soul was the MAC AIDS Fund,” he says. Demsey eschewed traditional beauty-industry brand-building strategies (such as print advertising) and focused instead on building a passionate community of acolytes, using the credo, all ages, all races, all sexes. “We built the brand on word of mouth and on a community social relevance platform that was in a fashion context,” he says.
Though this was the pre-Facebook age, the brand was able to effectively harness the rise of social media because it already had such a loyal community, particularly among makeup artists. “The fashion outreach, the events, the pop-culture icons — those were the underpinnings of MAC,” Demsey says. “Add into that when the Internet and community and blogs became a driving force for how you communicate brand, and suddenly you have a brand that didn’t advertise except for Viva Glam becoming the most active brand in the online community, because it was authentically sitting in the middle of the content. For MAC, that was another game-changer, not by design, but because it was authentic and organically there.”
 
MAC became synonymous with fashion — it was the original and is still one of the most involved beauty sponsors of fashion week, both in New York and worldwide — as well as pop culture. Demsey tapped everyone from Lil Kim to Lady Gaga to star as the faces of Viva Glam, the MAC lipstick whose proceeds are completely funneled to charity, demonstrating an ability to recognize star potential that rivals that of a teenager.
 
“John is tapped in not just because he’s a marketer but because he’s a consumer,” says Sarah Brown, Vogue’s beauty director. “When he signed Nicki Minaj, I was only vaguely aware of her, and he said, ‘No, she’s going to be big.’ Look at her now, a year later,” Brown says of the budding superstar. “The same thing with Lady Gaga,” she continues. “He has incredible instincts for what is going to explode and sell. Here’s this guy in a beautifully tailored suit who looks like a businessman, and is a businessman, but he’s also a voracious consumer of pop culture.”
(When asked what he spotted in Minaj that wasn’t immediately apparent to others, Demsey turns unchar- acteristically reticent — “My niece is a fan of Lil’ Wayne. She enlightened me” — and he likewise refuses to name names when asked for potential phenoms on the rise.)
The amount of media that Demsey digests is astonishing in its scope. “I watch a lot of TV. I go to a lot of theater. When I’m home late at night and reading and on my computer, I multitask. I watch Morning Joe, CNN, MSNBC, CNBC, the Today show. I like watching talk shows, like Oprah or Ellen or Kelly and Regis. I like reality TV and the Housewives,” Demsey ticks off. “I get all of the top celebrity magazines for the U.S., the U.K., France. I get Spanish and Italian Vanity Fair. I like to read Point de Vue to see what the royalist European point of view is. I surf YouTube, and I always look at Billboard to see what the top songs are in each country. If you look at fashion, at celebrity, at music, that tells you a lot about where people’s minds are.”
Demsey pauses to take a breath. “When I travel, I want to know what’s going on, so I go a day in advance,” he continues. “I ask the office to have in my room a stack of 40 or 50 magazines, from lifestyle to fashion to celebrity, and I’ll turn on MTV, no matter what the language is. I always go to the hot neighborhood, just to sit and see what people look like. I’m also addicted to going on The Sartorialist. You learn a lot — street culture and pop culture infuse themselves into what’s commercial.”

Demsey is continually filtering the new developments he picks up around the world, and has successfully applied many of those lessons to MAC. “If you look at MAC, most of the successes we have around the world, there is generally a flagship store that we own, which is not a beauty concept, it’s a fashion concept,” he says. “The decision to make MAC into a retailer was a defining tenet that to this day matters for the brand.”
 
Demsey actually began his career in retail, clocking time at Bloomingdale’s, Macy’s and Saks before joining the brand side. He points to recent phenomenons such as pop-up stores, flash sales, underground stores and crowdsourcing as factors that are changing the way he approaches the sector. “Retailing is becoming interesting,” he says. “People want to go to new environments and discover new things. People don’t just want to be sold product. They want brand experiences. They want feelings. They want to have a good time.“The forms of commerce and communication and luxury and prestige and aspiration are starting to blur,” he continues. “It’s incredibly exciting and incredibly tricky. It’s a very fine line between what’s prestige, what’s masstige, what’s mass and how they cross over.” Out of the blurring must come extreme focus. “In the midst of all this clutter,” he maintains, “you must go back to the brand story. A long-term business isn’t sustainable unless you’ve got a strong brand story and can keep telling it in new ways and keep it fresh over and over and over again.”
Like his sister brand Clinique, Demsey has successfully tapped into the power of national television advertising to tell the Estée Lauder story. (“If you would have told me four years ago that the big news in marketing cosmetics was broadcast, I would have been surprised,” he deadpans.)
Another fundamental change he grapples with balancing is the incredible fragmentation of media. “You used to be defined by whether you advertised or didn’t advertise, or whether you were a word-of-mouth brand or not, or if you were on a paid for media basis or an earned media basis,” he says. “What community, online and YouTube have done is level the playing field. Just having a lot of money doesn’t mean you’re going to win the communications game. Strategic media tactics — in terms of breaking through the clutter — and ideas and brand stories matter a lot.”
One such brand story is Smashbox Beauty Cosmetics, the Hollywood-based makeup brand the Estée Lauder Cos. acquired in May 2010 for a reported $200 million to $300 million. Demsey had long known its founders, Dean and Davis Factor, the great-grandsons of makeup legend Max Factor, and helped spearhead the acquisition. “I thought Smashbox had a unique opportunity to institutionalize the Hollywood makeup position, which has been lost,” he says. “I also liked that they’re in the distribution that most of my brands are not. I know that people who buy my brands also shop in those channels,” he continues, referring to Smashbox’s primary outlets, such as QVC, Sephora and Ulta. “The development of Smashbox and the changing distribution patterns in terms of what you consider prestige to be, or multispecialty retailing, is an important evolutionary step in terms of the Estée Lauder Companies’ approach to an important segment of the market.”
Demsey also sees huge potential for Smashbox in Asia, where it is virtually non-existent. “In the time we were associated with Stila, the one part of the world where it was very successful was Japan and Hong Kong and Taiwan, and that was not a Hollywood position the way that this is,” he says, “so I know that a Hollywood position done correctly is commercial.”
 
Above providing the potential for another brand-turnaround success story, Smashbox — which also encompasses a photo studio and for which celebrity pho- tographer Davis Factor continues to be a creative force — most of all epitomizes the personal and professional passions that drive Demsey. An ardent photography enthusiast whose extensive collection lines the walls of his Upper East Side town house, Demsey is driven by the coupling of the creative with the business. (To wit: In one swoop, he recently bought four pictures during a day of management meetings.) “Fred Langhammer [Lauder’s chief executive officer from 1999–2004] used to say that nothing good comes without growth,” Demsey muses. “This is not just an exercise in branding. It’s the convergence of business dynamics, creativity, intuition, marketing and brand development. The reason why I love my job so much is the left-brain, right-brain thing,” he continues. “To be successful today, you have to be able to do both.”
The Demsey Doctrine: 5 Key Points
I Want My MTV: Popular culture drives mass consumption. Being plugged in— to movies, music, art, style, celebrity—is crucial.
Shock and Awe: Big ideas (like Tom Ford for Estée Lauder) can make an instant difference in a business where perception and reality are closely aligned.
Beauty Is Aspiration. Period: Demsey’s not selling lipstick. He’s selling the universal desire to be beautiful that exists across all price points, all retail channels and all geographies.
Fun and Games: Women shop because they like to have new experiences—not because they need a new product. Retail must deliver a memorable moment.
The Level Playing Field: In a world of fragmented media, all brands are equal.
 




			You're missing something!			
SUBSCRIBE NOW 



































































				Share This Article
				











							Reddit						








							LinkedIn						








							WhatsApp						








							Email						








							Print						








							Talk						















load comments 








blog comments powered by Disqus
























Essentialist
Today's Must Read








 




Fashion
Vince Enters Home Category

clock

16h
	• Lisa Lockwood













Latest Galleries











 

Kelsey Asbille Talks Taylor Sheridan’s ‘Wind River’











 

Lily Collins and Janie Bryant Discuss Fashions in Amazon’s ‘The Last Tycoon’





















FREE ALERTS & NEWSLETTERS











SIGN UP






PRIVACY POLICY















 


Social Studies





























@wwd
“I see things on the hanger and I’m, like, ‘I never knew that color worked on me.’ It’s things you necessarily wouldn’t choose to wear, but once you put them on, you see why Janie is who Janie is." — Lily Collins on working with former "Mad Men" costume designer, Janie Bryant on creating looks for her role as Celia Brady's in Amazon series, "The Last Tycoon." 📸@jilliansollazzo  #wwdeye





@wwd
EXCLUSIVE: Sarah Rutson has been tapped to Build New American Fashion Group. The parent of Joie, Equipment and Current/Elliott hired the merchant to rev up its brands and expand its portfolio into designer, beauty and lifestyle categories. Read more on WWD.com, link in bio. #wwdfashion





@wwd
Michael Kors' $1.3B Jimmy Choo deal has the company squaring off with Coach Inc. as both seek to build American powerhouses. Coach bought Stuart Weitzman in 2015 and Kate Spade just two weeks ago, but Michael Kors' acquisition may be putting pressure on its rival in the new push for scale. #wwdnews (📷: George Chinsee)





@wwd
Meet actress Lucy Boynton, who plays opposite Naomi Watts in the recently released Netflix series "Gypsy." Boynton stopped by WWD to talk about her upcoming projects and her nomadic lifestyle. Get all the details on WWD.com. #wwdeye (📷: @dandoperalski)





@wwd
Street style at the Lollapalooza festival in Paris. #theyarewearing (📷: @vannibassetti)





@wwd
Dark florals take on edgy airs when mixed with stripes and sneakers. #wwdfashion (📷: @katiemccurdy_; Styled by @elmercer)




















More From Our Brands






Footwear News
These are the 7 Must-Have Outdoor Shoes for Spring ’18
2h Ago







Fairchild Live
2017 WWD Apparel & Retail CEO Summit
6 months Ago







Variety
Flint Water Crisis Documentary in the Works From ‘You’ve Been Trumped’ Filmmaker
4h Ago







BGR
Samsung just leaked the Galaxy Note 8’s preorder date
4h Ago






ad
























































































































































































 

Business – WWD
























 


























 
















  
































 


WWD logo










x






















 


WWD logo



search




Close





						SUBSCRIBE TO						WWD logo







Follow Us


twitter

facebook

Instagram


LinkedIn









Today's Digital Daily





 



WWD logo


Sections

Fashion. Beauty. Business.




Log in











search







Created with Sketch.














					Tap into our Global Network of Industry Leaders, and Designers.				

					The Insider's Source for Business Analysis				
WWD logo


Subscribe Now

Log in



  





Business
Kering Revenues Rise 25.4% in Q2 as Gucci Again Outperforms

clock

21h
	• Joelle Diderich



Business
EXCLUSIVE: Sarah Rutson Tapped to Build New American Fashion Group

clock

20h
	• WWD Staff



Business
Amazon Inks Violet Grey Deal: Sources

clock

8h
	• Kali Hays























Business



						Financial					



						Government and Trade					



						Mergers and Acquisitions					



						Legal					



						Marketing and Promotion					



						Human Resources					



						Technology					



						Business Features					



						Real Estate					



						Markets					



						Media					



						Retail					





Financial
After PDC Sale, Yellow Wood Closes $370 Million Fund
The private equity firm continues to look at deals in the beauty space. 


15h
	• Allison Collins






Retail
Republicans Drop Border Tax Idea, Retailers Relieved
The NRF estimates that border taxes would cost the average family up to $1,700 a year.


clock

15h
	• David Moin




Top Business Stories



 Repossi Taps Glen Luchford for Ad Campaign




Europe’s Major Markets Down in Mid-Morning Trading




 Amazon Inks Violet Grey Deal: Sources




 Kidbox Convenes Its Kids Board of Directors







 

Media
Repossi Taps Glen Luchford for Ad Campaign
Exploring a more realist direction, the house brought in a new creative team for the images, including stylist Melanie Ward.


clock

5h
	• Katya Foreman





Financial
Europe’s Major Markets Down in Mid-Morning Trading
Retail and luxury stocks were also in retreat early on Friday.


clock

5h
	• Samantha Conti





 

Financial
Amazon Inks Violet Grey Deal: Sources
Sources said still-growing Amazon has cut a deal with luxury beauty player Violet Grey.


clock

8h
	• Kali Hays





Get access to more business coverage from WWD.com			
			SUBSCRIBE TODAY		



 

Retail
Kidbox Convenes Its Kids Board of Directors
Creating a Kids Board was an early priority at Kidbox.


clock

9h
	• David Moin














Financial
Lagardère Magazine Publishing Revenues Drop 4.2% in Half
Advertising revenues fell 6.3 percent in the magazine business over the first half despite resilience in circulation numbers, the group said.


clock

16h
	• Mimosa Spencer





 

Business Features
Most Garment Center Factories Would Rather Close Than Relocate, According to New Survey
While the Garment Center Market Rate was reported to be $51 per square foot, the GCSA Survey pegged the average rent for manufacturers at $30.95 per square foot. 


clock

16h
	• Rosemary Feitelberg





 

Media
Men’s Journal Editor in Chief Out Following Wenner Sale to AMI
Gear editor Greg Emmanuel has been promoted to chief content officer.


clock

17h
	• Alexandra Steigrad





 

Retail
Rent the Runway Takes the Fast Lane With Same-Day Delivery
Competing with fast fashion, the site offers fast delivery.


clock

17h
	• Sharon Edelson














 

Human Resources
Fiorucci Builds Design, Commercial Team Ahead of London Store Opening
The brand will open a three-level shop in London’s Soho and plans to open a store in New York in 2018.


clock

17h
	• Samantha Conti





 

Technology
Invista Announces Continued Partnership With Cotton Incorporated
Invista’s Cordura brand will continue to collaborate with Cotton Incorporated to create woven and knit-blended performance natural fabrics. 


clock

17h
	• Tracey Greenstein




Load More Arrow












Essentialist
Today's Must Read








 




Fashion
Vince Enters Home Category

clock

16h
	• Lisa Lockwood













Latest Galleries











 

Kelsey Asbille Talks Taylor Sheridan’s ‘Wind River’











 

Lily Collins and Janie Bryant Discuss Fashions in Amazon’s ‘The Last Tycoon’





















FREE ALERTS & NEWSLETTERS











SIGN UP






PRIVACY POLICY















 


Social Studies





























@wwd
“I see things on the hanger and I’m, like, ‘I never knew that color worked on me.’ It’s things you necessarily wouldn’t choose to wear, but once you put them on, you see why Janie is who Janie is." — Lily Collins on working with former "Mad Men" costume designer, Janie Bryant on creating looks for her role as Celia Brady's in Amazon series, "The Last Tycoon." 📸@jilliansollazzo  #wwdeye





@wwd
EXCLUSIVE: Sarah Rutson has been tapped to Build New American Fashion Group. The parent of Joie, Equipment and Current/Elliott hired the merchant to rev up its brands and expand its portfolio into designer, beauty and lifestyle categories. Read more on WWD.com, link in bio. #wwdfashion





@wwd
Michael Kors' $1.3B Jimmy Choo deal has the company squaring off with Coach Inc. as both seek to build American powerhouses. Coach bought Stuart Weitzman in 2015 and Kate Spade just two weeks ago, but Michael Kors' acquisition may be putting pressure on its rival in the new push for scale. #wwdnews (📷: George Chinsee)





@wwd
Meet actress Lucy Boynton, who plays opposite Naomi Watts in the recently released Netflix series "Gypsy." Boynton stopped by WWD to talk about her upcoming projects and her nomadic lifestyle. Get all the details on WWD.com. #wwdeye (📷: @dandoperalski)





@wwd
Street style at the Lollapalooza festival in Paris. #theyarewearing (📷: @vannibassetti)





@wwd
Dark florals take on edgy airs when mixed with stripes and sneakers. #wwdfashion (📷: @katiemccurdy_; Styled by @elmercer)




















More From Our Brands






Footwear News
These are the 7 Must-Have Outdoor Shoes for Spring ’18
2h Ago







Fairchild Live
2017 WWD Apparel & Retail CEO Summit
6 months Ago







Variety
Flint Water Crisis Documentary in the Works From ‘You’ve Been Trumped’ Filmmaker
4h Ago







BGR
Samsung just leaked the Galaxy Note 8’s preorder date
4h Ago






ad












































































































































































Beauty Brand Mogul John Demsey Shares His Success Story








































































































































Closet
Beauty
Fashion
Wellness
Video
Shopping
Living
 

































ALL
VIDEOS
SHOPPING










Closet
Beauty
Fashion
Wellness
Video
Shopping
Living
About
Press
Awards
Contact
Jobs



Social









Newsletter
SIGN UP NOW 



You did it! Thanks for joining our newsletter list.
Looks like you have already subscribed.
Error, please enter a valid email address



TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY

© 2010-2017 The Coveteur Inc. All Rights Reserved. The Coveteur, Coveteurs, and Coveteur'd are trademarks of The Coveteur Inc.





SHARE














  Deskside  







Career



The Man Behind the Biggest Beauty Brands in the World
Everything you need to know to become a branding mogul.

By:
Laurel Pantin 

Photography:
Jake Rosenberg 







When you’re single-handedly responsible for the success of two of the biggest, fastest-growing beauty brands in the world (ahem, M.A.C and Tom Ford), you might think you have a pass to check out a little, take a break, and stop absorbing, well, everything. But if you were actually the person responsible for all of that, taking a break is about the last thing you’d realistically be doing.
We know this from our afternoon with John Demsey, Executive Group President at The Estée Lauder Companies Inc. and the man behind the branding and direction for a handful of brands you’ve *probably* heard of, like M.A.C, Tom Ford Beauty, Crème de la Mer (which he oversaw up until about six months ago), Clinique, Bobbi Brown, Le Labo, Glamglow, Jo Malone London, Rodin olio lusso, Smashbox...and on, and on. He’s the creative genius orchestrating every have-to-have-it M.A.C collaboration, and he was instrumental in the growth of the idea of backstage beauty at fashion week. In other words: he’s kind of a big deal.
When you consider the role beauty plays in the digital age—its popularity, and how beauty has spawned a billion and one counter-cultures—you realize exactly how much influence someone like Demsey has on contemporary culture. After spending an afternoon with him, we think he realizes it too, and he takes it all very, very seriously—even though at the end of the day it’s all just fragrance and makeup. From where he finds inspiration and how he stays current to the best advice he’s ever received, we basically got a master-class in how to be successful as a creative in business. Settle in, friends—this one is good. 
 
... View MoreHis role at Estée Lauder:
“I’m Executive Group President here at the Estée Lauder companies—we’re responsible for the development of the creative direction and backbone of the company across all brands. I’m often referred to as the creative of the suits and the suit of the creative guys. I sit in an unusual hybrid role. Basically, my role here is that I’m the brand guy.
“I became a group president 10 years ago. The first aspect was that I took over the global lead of the Estée Lauder brand, and I brought Tom Ford into the company and used Tom Ford to help reimagine the Estée Lauder brand. He set the platform for the reinvigoration and aspiration of the brand, making it sexy and interesting and relevant to another generation. In the process, I developed a really close working relationship with Tom Ford and helped him launch his own brand. Ten years ago, I launched Tom Ford Beauty. Today, it’s the fastest-growing designer-beauty brand in the world.”
 
 
The pivotal moment in his career:
“Basically, my life changed in 1998. 1995 was when our company went public, and the first company that we bought was M.A.C Cosmetics—in 1998, we took full control of the company. 
“I would probably say that that move, which was 18 years ago, changed the course of my entire career, changed the course of me as a person and my role here at the company. I moved to Canada, commuted. I had never developed a product, and I had never run a full-fledged business. I had never been in a global role. M.A.C was a niche business with a big reputation. Subsequently, over the past 18 years, I’ve built the most amazing team of people to work with who are actually making M.A.C into the biggest color brand today. That informs the backbone of everything I’ve learned in retail, brand building, merchandising, product development, international market development, business development. All things related to global business, I learned on the job doing that.” 
 
“Wherever I go, I have a stack of the international fashion magazines in the local language waiting for me in my hotel room.”
 

... View More... View MoreThe ABCs of brand building:
“I made the decision to build out M.A.C as the ultimate makeup authority and backstage fashion resource. Which took us from doing a couple of shows in London and Paris to the largest participant backstage, doing over 250 shows every season, working with every major designer and every major makeup artist in the world. I took the artists and used them to conceptualize what the product offerings were. Where most companies do product testing on consumers, I made the decision to test products on the front line [with the artists], where they’re used the most and [the people using them know] the most about competitive products. That was transformative.
“The other thing was that when I arrived there, the charity called the M.A.C AIDS Fund and the Viva Glam Campaign had raised interest with RuPaul—the original voice of the brand. I made the decision to take the charity and make it the heartbeat of the emotional side of the brand. In 1999, we embraced hip-hop culture at that time with Mary J. Blige and Lil Kim. That was the very first time that a fashion brand, let alone a beauty brand, tapped into the seismic quake that was taking place all over the world. That’s what got it started. In 1999, in the number-one song from TLC called ‘Unpretty,’ there was a lyric in the song that went ‘It doesn’t matter how much M.A.C you wear.’ It had seeped into the popular culture. That was my lightning rod.
“Every brand we have has its own unique playbook. The strength of this company has been that we have the best portfolio of beauty brands in the world. We have over 25 brands that are the envy of everyone else in the world. The job that we do means they’re distinct, they’re unique. The ones that are successful all have an elevator pitch. If I can’t give you the elevator pitch, then I’ve lost you.”
 
... View MoreNothing beats an IRL experience:
“Wherever I go, I have a stack of the international fashion magazines in the local language waiting for me in my hotel room: the Vogues, Elles, Harper’s of the world. I have a stack of the local fashion and also the celebrity rags: Hello, Us Weeklys. I turn on the television, I get a copy of Billboard to look at the charts to see which artist is selling in that country. Then, if I have the time, I ask a taxi driver to show me where the rich people live, show me where the kids live, and show me where the counterculture is. Even if it’s going to the club or going to a cafe, I want to see what’s considered to be hot and what’s considered to be aspirational. When I travel around the world, that’s how I get a sense of what the trends are. Today, you could surf the web and do the same exercise. I use culture and people as my inspiration.
“The more experienced you are and the older you get, it becomes increasingly challenging to remain connected with the upcoming generation, what they want and what’s relevant to them, and to not get caught in the paradigms of where you come from. Being in the beauty industry, I’ve always surrounded myself with a lot of smart, young women. I think it’s incredibly important. At the end of the day, 90% of the things we make—that is who is buying our product. I have an eight year-old daughter, and I’m seeing the world through her eyes. I’m seeing how she relates to culture, to beauty, to makeup, to play, and that truly inspires me. It actually helps me stay very connected in terms of what’s next.”
 
... View MoreBeauty in the age of the selfie:
“Makeup is about personal transformation to whatever you want to be—from natural, pretty, beautiful, goth, outrageous... Makeup and hair are visual forms of self expression. Generationally, with this content avalanche, everybody has something they want to say. They want to show you how they use it and somehow it has become part of the product innovation cycle and part of how people talk about [everything, like] brows. 
“The whole brow culture, the whole contour culture, color-correcting culture, the lip culture, the cat-eye culture, the hair weave, wig, high pony, low pony—it just goes on and on and on because the possibilities are endless, globally. The Korean bloggers, Middle Eastern bloggers, random people in Melbourne, Australia, and quiet girls in Japan—they all get to jump on and surf the net. It’s created a hyper-marketplace for experimentation and beauty. Because community and online is so individualized, you can actually find an audience. There may not be a lot of people who are like you, but if you can find those people, you can create a market out of it and create a business out of it. You can communicate to them directly, as opposed to the old world, where you communicated to everybody in hopes that someone would connect to it.
“[I’m happy that I continue to be surprised] by how people relate to our product. I’d hate to be jaded. Sometimes I smile, sometimes I laugh, sometimes I’m horrified, sometimes I’m shocked, sometimes I’m inspired, seduced, it’s very interesting. Just when I think I’ve seen it from every angle or I’ve seen it all, I haven’t. Which means that possibility is endless.
“The proposition that makes almost every company we have here unique is the fact that there is a high-tech, high-touch interaction between a customer and the brand itself. One-on-one customization is actually the fastest-growing sector of our online businesses. The Uberization of service at home or service in the office or makeup on the fly is happening. The thing that is unique about the world, which is not unique to beauty, is that access and community are everywhere. People expect it on their terms, when they want it. The companies that aren’t able to do it will probably be left behind. There’s a different expectation today.”
“Just when I think I’ve seen it from every angle or I’ve seen it all, I haven’t. Which means that possibility is endless.”
 

... View More... View MoreOn aligning with the right people:
“For M.A.C, the mantra of the brand is all ages, all races, all sexes, which encompasses everything. M.A.C is about standing for something, having a strong point of view, no judgement, and being unapologetic. When we look for celebrities or designers or tastemakers, sometimes they may seem fringe or polarizing, but they’re always interesting and topical and never pandering. We take a very editorial point of view. We try to bring a lot of people into the tent. It’s very inclusive and exclusive at the same time. The one thing that everyone has coming into the tent is that they share a passion for makeup and self-transformation.
“If you look at any of the Viva Glam spokespeople, from Boy George to Arianna Grande to Chloë Sevigny to Lady Gaga, they all share a core ethos in terms of self-confidence and a strong voice and point of view. The designer collaborations are high-low. We had a collection with Zac Posen in February, with Giambattista Valli a year ago, [this week] we’re launching the Trolls. And there’s a collaboration with the next Star Trek movie. And then there’s something with Cindy Sherman. You go from the Whitney to Troll dolls bouncing around in an animated flick. It’s that combo of high-low mixed with professional, authentic, real relationships coming together.”
 
The people he admires:
“I admire a whole suite of the new-media executives—Facebook, Google, Uber, Amazon, all these new things. The Jeff Bezos thinking—it may not be my paradigm, but it’s a very interesting paradigm and it makes you think of the world very differently. The notion of what Google does, the way that Amazon changed my personal shopping habits. Ordering a car on Uber, ordering something with one click, I find it all incredibly inspiring and creative.”
 
... View MoreHis favorite collaborations:
“I’ve been proud of all of them. But we were the first people to identify Lady Gaga and Nikki Minaj, which is where I probably felt most ahead of the curve. We actually discovered them before anybody knew who they were. We discovered Lady Gaga because she was actually going to a M.A.C store. One of the nightclub personalities was one of her friends, and she came onto our radar when she was doing the underground clubs of New York. She wanted to meet us. She was living on the Upper West Side and was crossing the park to go to Sacred Heart and she saw Boy George in the window and said she wanted to be that one day. Generally, people come to us, which is the best because then you know that you have that credibility. We’re not always looking to hitch our lucky star onto something. We’ve been lucky in that the stars have wanted to hitch onto us.”
 
“You need to take a track that you should almost be paying them for the opportunity to do it, and view it as almost the ultimate graduate school.”
 

How to become John Demsey (and why you should brush off the haters):
“I ended up here by grand design, and by accident. I actually didn’t get the job I wanted when I wanted. I wanted to work here. I graduated from business school, and if I didn’t get a job within four months I’d have to move back to Ohio. I got very motivated very fast. I got a job in Macy’s Executive Training Program in a field that I really had no real interest in, and it was an existential crisis for me. I was not successful. I was told by the first person that I worked for that I was never going to amount to anything. I should go to work for a bank or do something else because I was never going to make it.
“Then, by sheer accident, a friend of a friend of a friend of a friend of the family knew someone at Bloomingdale’s. I went to work at Bloomingdale’s managing the fragrance spritzers on the floor when the Giorgio madness hit. I met every single person that then took me on the wave for the rest of my career. Robin Burns who brought me to Estée Lauder, Leonard Lauder, people from Saks, different companies. At 25 years old, I basically started the seeds of everything I wanted to, and I never looked for a job ever. "
 
... View More“The notion was that you have to take risks. It’s not about the money to begin with. When people make it about the money, they often make the wrong decisions. You need to take the tack that you should almost be paying them for the opportunity to do it and view it as almost the ultimate graduate school. What you want is relevant, hands-on experience as opposed to being a cog in the wheel. Those retail experiences, I wouldn’t change those experiences for the world. I got more experience with more brands, more concepts, more entrepreneurs, more ideas than I ever would have being slotted into a sales role or marketing role with one company. You have to be open, accept the curve balls, be very focused, then unfocused, then focused again. You have to know yourself. At a certain point in your life, you know what you’re good at and what you’re not good at. You need to support your strengths. If you’re good at something or you love something, you’ll be successful at it.
“Leonard [Lauder] taught me this. You look to the left, to the right, behind you, and you look forward. You look back because you want to see what people have done in the past. Lessons can be learned from the past. You look to the left and the right because you need to understand who your competition is, who is angling for your place, your job, your success. You look forward to see where you’re going, but you need to find a point of view to be able to get there.”
 
Part of the series:

Deskside
VIEW THE SERIES 









 

 

MOST TALKED ABOUT







							Linda Rodin Makes a Convincing Argument for Traveling On Your Own









							These L.A. Designers Have a Totally Relatable After-Party Indulgence









							The Number One Rule for a Good Summer Party






 




nextnext 
previous




                Tags:               















×

Wake up to Louboutins with our newsletter.
Sign up Already! 
It's the internet equivalent of a friendship bracelet.



You did it! Thanks for joining our newsletter list.
Looks like you have already subscribed.
Error, please enter a valid email address
































 




























Shop the Look


 



 
 
 

 


















