





Denstock Real Estate Investments


































































 


















Investors














The Club House at Stone Creek Village

Each Club House offers a variety of amenities

A kitchen at Waverly Place

The Club House at Waverly Place

Each Club House is available for private parties

Lakeside

Each Club House has a state-of-the-art fitness center

The Club House at Lakeside

The Club House at Lakeside

Every property has a pool

Waverly Place

The Club House at Waverly Place

Nature Trail

The Club House at Stone Creek Village

A living room at Waverly Place

Luxury living at Stone Creek Village
Our Approach
For over 35 years, our principals have focused primarily on multifamily development.  By building Class A luxury apartment communities, we have created significant value for both our investors and our residents. We have developed strategic long term partnerships with design, building and finance professionals who share a similar passion for knowledge, integrity and creativity and have created a team that knows what we expect on each and every project.We are now focusing on the overlooked and underserved tertiary markets that surround permanent and thriving medical facilities.  With Class A luxury product generally unavailable in these smaller markets, we believe that there is a housing need that isn’t being met.  This opportunity is generally disregarded by regional and national real estate developers and investors due to a concentration on primary markets.  However, we believe that once a luxury community is built in this market, other developers are deterred through fear of oversaturation of the market.  This barrier to entry has the effect of preserving and enhancing the value of our investment.Projects
Stone Creek Village264 Apartments Charlottesville, VADesigned after a classic European Village, the project is located in close proximity to historic downtown Charlottesville and the University of Virginia. Amenities include a 7,000 SF club house with private boardroom, business center, state-of-the-art fitness center, children’s indoor play area, sauna & spa. Outdoor amenities include a swimming pool with large deck for sunning, five tot lots, three half-basketball courts, two putting greens, walking trails through 8 acres of natural space, dog park and a one-acre pond.




Lakeside348 Apartments Charlottesville, VACo-Developed with Cathcart Properties Inc. & Turner Development Co. Situated on a serene lake, with a white sand beach, the project is located in close proximity to historic downtown Charlottesville and the University of Virginia. Amenities include a 5,687 SF club house with a business center, state-of-the-art fitness center, 20-seat theatre room, and a game room with billiards, ping pong and foosball. Outdoor amenities include a swimming pool and hot tub, playground, lighted tennis court, walking trail, basketball court, volleyball court and a 12 acre lake with beach & pier.
Waverly Place Apartments78 Apartments Louisa, VANestled halfway between Charlottesville and Richmond in the heart of Central Virginia. Amenities include a 2,350 SF club house with business center, state-of-the-art fitness center and club room with fireplace, kitchen and large screen TV. Outdoor amenities include a swimming pool with large deck for sunning, nature trails, outdoor grills and a dog park.




The Apartments at Goose Creek
204 Apartments Fishersville, VA                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
                                                            

The Apartments at Goose Creek are conveniently located just north of Interstate 64 in Fishersville, VA, immediately adjacent to the Murphy Deming College of Health Sciences and across the street from the Augusta Health Medical Facility. The amenities include a 5,000 SF club house with business center, state-of-the-art fitness center, game room, private theatre, and club room with kitchen. Outdoor amenities include a nature trail, multi-purpose sports field, dog park, and a swimming pool with splash pad and BBQ patio.
Stonegate
Under Construction - 155 Apartments Zion Crossroads, VA
Located just north of Interstate 64 in Zion Crossroads, VA.  Stonegate’s location between Richmond and Charlottesville is ideal for households commuting in either direction.




Meadow Branch
In Development - 170 Apartments Winchester, VA                                                                                                     
Meadow Branch will be located within walking distance to the Winchester Medical Center, the largest employer in the region.
The Adams at Peppers Ferry
In Development - 168 Apartments Christiansburg, VA                                                                                          

The Adams at Peppers Ferry is located within walking distance to the region's largest concentration of retail and is 1.4 miles from the LewisGale Hospital.




The Summit at Old Trail
In Development - 190 Apartments Crozet, VA                                                                                          

The Summit at Old Trail is located in Old Trail Village, a neotraditional community, located less than one mile from downtown Crozet.
Lightfoot
In Development - 276 Apartments Lightfoot, VA                                                                                          

Lightfoot is located within one mile of the Sentara Williamsburg Regional Medical Center.

About Us
Robert F. Stockhausen, Jr.CCIMRobert, a Certified Commercial Investment Member (CCIM), has more than 15 years of commercial real estate experience and property management. A 1990 graduate of Hampden-Sydney College, Mr. Stockhausen also holds a M.Ed from the University of Virginia. Starting as a commercial leasing specialist in Atlanta, Georgia with Bullock, Terrell and Mannelley in 1991, Mr. Stockhausen became a commercial real estate agent for Real Estate III Commercial Properties in Charlottesville, VA. He has now been Managing Director of CBRE of Charlottesville for the past ten years and has developed a vast network of real estate investors, contractors, brokers and third party providers.
Denise E. LaCourMBA/JDMs. LaCour has more than 35 years' experience in developing a wide array of real estate product types. A Phi Beta Kappa graduate of Sweet Briar College, Ms. LaCour was graduated from the University of Virginia School of Law and the Colgate Darden School of Business Administration in 1985. After working in the real estate department of Morgan Stanley in New York, Ms. LaCour co-founded a real estate development group in Charlottesville, VA. In 1991, she founded her present company, Denico Development Co. Her specialty has been the development of Class A apartment projects insured by HUD. Cash flows on previous projects have resulted in double-digit returns to the investors.
Note: In order to access the Investor Section of Denstock’s website you must be an accredited investor. Please email Rob.Stockhausen@denstock.net or call 434.971-8996.
Our Office1430 Rolkin Court, Suite 301
Charlottesville, VA 22911434-971-8996info@denstock.netdenstock.net 
 




































 







DENSTOCK PEPPERS FERRY LLC - Residential- Lacour  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









DENSTOCK PEPPERS FERRY LLC

      Industry: Residential
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    1430 Rolkin Court, Suite 301  
    Charlottesville, VA, 22911Phone: (434) 971-8996 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-11-21


New


$750,000


$750,000


Equity Only


06b


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Denise E. Lacour 
 Executive 


 Robert F. Stockhausen, Jr. 
 Executive 












Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














DENSTOCK OLD TRAIL LLC - Who is raising money? | SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, startups and private equity companies















Who is raising money?











DENSTOCK OLD TRAIL LLC  Funding details


DENSTOCK OLD TRAIL LLC Industry: ResidentialCIK Number: 0001709904IRS Number: 611810556Address: 1430 ROLKIN COURT SUITE 301 CHARLOTTESVILLE 22911Phone number: (434) 971-8996



Latest news
DENSTOCK OLD TRAIL LLC raised $800,000 from 1 investor on 2017-07-03.



DENSTOCK OLD TRAIL LLC Filings

DateFiling TypeOfferedSoldRemainingMin. investmentInvest. countExemption / Exlusions
2017-07-03New Form D$7,070,000$800,000$6,270,000$0106b[SEC Filing]
DENSTOCK OLD TRAIL LLC raised $800,000 in total.



Directors and Executives of DENSTOCK OLD TRAIL LLC
Key People in DENSTOCK OLD TRAIL LLC:

DENISE LACOURROBERT STOCKHAUSEN, JR.
Similar companiesDENSTOCK PEPPERS FERRY LLC








Last visited companies: MoEngage, Inc., ADESTO TECHNOLOGIES Corp, Snowball Fund, LP, Partners Group Asia-Pacific Real Estate 2016, L.P. Inc., NHIT: Agency MBS Trust

								© whoisraisingmoney.com
Daily updated news about investment into startups, hedge funds and private equity companies.



















Berkadia Secures $94M in Construction Financing | Mortgage Bankers Association













































Berkadia Secures $94M in Construction Financing


Michael Tucker mtucker@mba.org 
June 29, 2017

Berkadia, New York, arranged $93.7 million in construction financing for mixed-use and multifamily properties in Wheeling, Ill. and Christiansburg, Va.
In Illinois, Paul Matusiak, Senior Director in Berkadia's Chicago office, arranged $70.2 million in construction and permanent financing for mixed-use development Wheeling Town Center. The Section 221(d)(4) HUD-insured loan closed on June 6.
Berkadia secured the financing for borrower WTC Residential Development LLC. The first mortgage is both a 25-month construction and a fully amortizing 40-year permanent loan with a 3.70 percent fixed interest rate.
"Wheeling Town Center is a transit-oriented development that will attract strong interest among renters due to its overall quality, its proximity to Chicago and the numerous community amenities that are all within walking distance of the property," Matusiak said. "Through HUD, we were able to provide an attractive loan that funded both the construction of the multifamily building and specific infrastructure improvements."
Matusiak said Wheeling Town Center will include 301 rental apartments when completed.
Berkadia also secured $23.5 million in construction financing for The Adams at Peppers Ferry, a multifamily property to be built in Christiansburg, Va. Senior Managing Director David Blake of the firm's Richmond, Va., office arranged the 221(d)(4) loan through Berkadia's partnership with HUD. Denstock Peppers Ferry LLC received the 40-year fixed-rate loan at a 4 percent interest rate.
The Adams at Peppers Ferry's location in Christiansburg positions it on the perimeter of Blacksburg's growing Virginia Tech university campus. The 168-unit property is close to the region's largest concentration of retail and the LewisGale Hospital Montgomery. 



Share this article


Share this page






 
		Back to Full Issue



















VG INVESTMENTS LLC - CHRISTIANSBURG, VA - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



VA



CHRISTIANSBURG



Investors, Nec



Investors, Nec



                            VG INVESTMENTS LLC
                                    



 





















V 


VG INVESTMENTS LLC
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



1120 PEPPERS FERRY RD NW CHRISTIANSBURG, VA 24073
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded 2004
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $130,000.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries Investors, Nec
 Contacts 







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 2004, Vg Investments Llc has been providing Investors, Nec from Christiansburg. Vg Investments Llc has estimated annual revenues of $130,000.00 and also employs an estimated 2 employees. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







V

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

















Berkadia secures $23.5 million in financing for Christiansburg apartments  Industries | Virginia Business





























































Subscribe
Menu

Industries
Regions
Reports
Company News
Opinion
Calendar
Lists
Issues
Sponsored Content
















 










 
 







					Industries					
										 › Commercial Real Estate

Berkadia secures $23.5 million in financing for Christiansburg apartments


June 19, 2017
 | 









Print this page



	Berkadia has secured $23.5 million in financing for The Adams at Peppers Ferry, a 168-unit multifamily property that will be built in Christiansburg.

	David Blake, senior managing director of Berkadia’s Richmond office, arranged the financing through the company’s partnership with HUD on behalf of Denstock Peppers Ferry LLC. Berkadia said that the 40-year loan offers a 4 percent, fixed interest rate and an 83.3 loan-to-value ratio.

	“The borrower jumped at the chance to be involved in the development of this new property amid a thriving market,” Blake said in a statement.

	The Adams at Peppers Ferry’s is located on the perimeter of the Virginia Tech campus in Blacksburg. The property also is near the region's largest concentration of retail and LewisGale Hospital Montgomery.



	 
 





Reader Comments


Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
comments powered by Disqus
 



						Other News
					

down
up






 Steve Case puts Merrywood on the market for $49.5 million



 At HHHunt, President Dan Schmitt leads an employee-focused culture that he says is fueling the company’s growth
by Joan Tupponce 


 Brick-and-mortar retail is struggling, but don’t write the obit yet
by Richard Foster 


Mixed-use property near in Richmond sells for $4.6 million



Prince William County racking up more data center space



Florida-based company buys Virginia Beach Hotel



NorthMarq Capital arranges financing for  Virginia projects



Second quarter shows strong growth for residential real estate



Bickford Senior Living completes third project in Virginia



Paramount Theater in Charlottesville wins national award





View all »

 















 
 



Subscribe


Departments

Our View
Letters to the Editor
Regional Views





 


















What's Trending


Supreme Court reverses federal corruption convictions of former Gov. Bob McDonnell

Unanimous decision by the court vacates the ruling and sends it back to the Fourth Circuit.
 


Engineering school enrollment soars, but recruitment of women and African-Americans remains a challenge

Engineering school enrollment soars, but recruitment of women and African-Americans remains a challenge
 


Virginia Business announces Virginia CFO Awards winners

Chief financial officers are recognized in five categories.
 


New jobs in IT, bio health and data centers help region rebound from federal cutbacks

Northern Virginia has become a true believer in the power of the private sector.
 
See All Trending →
 







 


 


 






 





 








Daily e-NewsThe daily business news you need to know





 
 
showhide shortcuts 
 
 










	
	NewsRead














































































To navigate through the Ribbon, use standard browser navigation keys. To skip between groups, use Ctrl+LEFT or Ctrl+RIGHT. To jump to the first Ribbon tab use Ctrl+[. To jump to the last selected command use Ctrl+]. To activate a command, use Enter.

Site Actions
This page location is:
BerkadiaNEWS & TRANSACTIONSNewsRead
BrowseTab 1 of 3.ViewTab 2 of 3.PageTab 3 of 3.
Sign In


EditItemVersion HistoryManage PermissionsDelete ItemManage


























User Login







 
























SEARCH LISTINGS
CLIENT LOGIN
OFFICES
CONTACT US













ABOUT BERKADIALINES OF BUSINESSPROPERTY SPECIALTIESNEWS & TRANSACTIONSCurrently selected






















News Archive












News & Transactions







Berkadia Secures More Than $23 Million in Financing for Development of Virginia Multifamily Property6/14/2017Click here to read more in Mid Atlantic Real Estate Journal 
Click here to read more in Multi-Housing News ​

Click here to read more in Virginia Business 

Berkadia today announced the $23.54 million financing of The Adams at Peppers Ferry, a multifamily property that will be built in Christiansburg, Virginia. Senior Managing Director David Blake of the Richmond office arranged the 221(d)(4) through Berkadia’s partnership with HUD on behalf of Denstock Peppers Ferry LLC. The 40-year loan features a 4 percent fixed interest rate and an 83.3 loan-to-value ratio. 

“The borrower jumped at the chance to be involved in the development of this new property amid a thriving market,” Blake said. “Our team worked closely with theirs to deliver the terms and rates they were seeking.” 

The Adams at Peppers Ferry’s location in Christiansburg positions it on the perimeter of Blacksburg’s bustling Virginia Tech campus. The 168-unit property is also conveniently located within proximity to the region's largest concentration of retail and the LewisGale Hospital Montgomery. 
​






















Untitled_1

Edit Title Bar Properties















												PRIVACY POLICY


												TERMS OF USE
CAREERS


												CONTACT US


©  Berkadia Commercial Mortgage
 LLC
Berkadia® and Berkadia Commercial Mortgage® are trademarks of Berkadia 
Proprietary Holding LLC. Commercial mortgage loan origination and servicing 
businesses are conducted exclusively by Berkadia Commercial Mortgage LLC and 
Berkadia Commercial Mortgage Inc. This website is not intended to solicit 
commercial mortgage loan brokerage business in Nevada. Investment sales and real 
estate brokerage businesses are conducted exclusively by Berkadia Real Estate 
Advisors LLC and Berkadia Real Estate Advisors Inc. For state licensing details 
for the above entities, visit: 

www.berkadia.com/legal/licensing.aspx














































