


Marketed Products | Depomed





















Our ProductsDepomed is committed to becoming a leader in the clinical development and commercialization of therapies for pain management and other central nervous system (CNS) conditions. The company’s current products have established Depomed’s expertise in building effective marketing strategies and solutions-oriented sales teams. The company intends to leverage this growing domain expertise with additional CNS products.
 
   

WARNING: ADDICTION, ABUSE, AND MISUSE; LIFE-THREATENING
RESPIRATORY DEPRESSION; ACCIDENTAL INGESTION; NEONATAL OPIOID | WITHDRAWAL SYNDROME; and INTERACTION WITH ALCOHOL
Addiction, Abuse, and Misuse
NUCYNTA ER exposes patients and other users to the risks of opioid addiction, abuse, and misuse, which can lead to overdose and death. Assess each patient's risk prior to prescribing NUCYNTA ER, and monitor all patients regularly for the development of these behaviors or conditions [see Warnings and Precautions (5.1)].
Life-threatening Respiratory Depression
Serious, life-threatening, or fatal respiratory depression may occur with use of NUCYNTA ER. Monitor for respiratory depression, especially during initiation of NUCYNTA ER or following a dose increase. Instruct patients to swallow NUCYNTA ER tablets whole; crushing, chewing, or dissolving NUCYNTA ER tablets can cause rapid release and absorption of a potentially fatal dose of tapentadol [see Warnings and Precautions (5.2)].
Accidental Ingestion
Accidental ingestion of even one dose of NUCYNTA ER, especially by children, can result in a fatal overdose of tapentadol [see Warnings and Precautions (5.2)].
Neonatal Opioid Withdrawal Syndrome
Prolonged use of NUCYNTA ER during pregnancy can result in neonatal opioid withdrawal syndrome, which may be life-threatening if not recognized and treated, and requires management according to protocols developed by neonatology experts. If opioid use is required for a prolonged period in a pregnant woman, advise the patient of the risk of neonatal opioid withdrawal syndrome and ensure that appropriate treatment will be available [see Warnings and Precautions (5.3)].
Interaction with Alcohol
Instruct patients not to consume alcoholic beverages or use prescription or nonprescription products that contain alcohol while taking NUCYNTA ER. The co-ingestion of alcohol with NUCYNTA ER may result in increased plasma tapentadol levels and a potentially fatal overdose of tapentadol [see Warnings and Precautions (5.4)].

For additional safety information and to view full Prescribing Information, please visit www.nucynta.com.
 

See full Prescribing Information and Medication Guide
For more information, please visit www.gralise.com.
 


WARNING: RISK OF SERIOUS CARDIOVASCULAR AND GASTROINTESTINAL EVENTS
Cardiovascular Risk
Non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) may increase the risk of serious cardiovascular (CV) thrombotic events, myocardial infarction, and stroke, which can be fatal. This risk may increase with duration of use. Patients with cardiovascular disease or risk factors for cardiovascular disease may be at greater risk [see Warnings and Precautions (5.1)].
CAMBIA is contraindicated for the treatment of peri-operative pain in the setting of coronary artery bypass graft (CABG) surgery [see Contraindications (4) and Warnings and Precautions (5.1)].
Gastrointestinal Risk
NSAIDs increase the risk of serious gastrointestinal (GI) adverse events including bleeding, ulceration, and perforation of the stomach or intestines, which can be fatal. These events can occur at any time during use and without warning symptoms. Elderly patients are at greater risk for serious gastrointestinal events [see Warnings and Precautions (5.2)].

See full Prescribing Information including Boxed WARNING, and Medication Guide at www.CambiaRx.com for more information.
 


WARNING: RISK OF RESPIRATORY DEPRESSION, MEDICATION ERRORS, ABUSE POTENTIAL
RESPIRATORY DEPRESSION
Fatal respiratory depression has occurred in patients treated with immediate-release transmucosal fentanyl, including following use in opioid non-tolerant patients and improper dosing. The substitution of Lazanda for any other fentanyl product may result in fatal overdose.
Due to the risk of respiratory depression, Lazanda is contraindicated in the management of acute or postoperative pain including headache/migraine and in opioid non-tolerant patients. [see Contraindications]
Lazanda must be kept out of reach of children. [see Patient Counseling Information and How Supplied/Storage and Handling] 
The concomitant use of Lazanda with CYP3A4 inhibitors may result in an increase in fentanyl plasma concentrations, and may cause potentially fatal respiratory depression [see Drug Interactions]. 
MEDICATION ERRORS
Substantial differences exist in the pharmacokinetic profile of Lazanda compared to other fentanyl products that result in clinically important differences in the extent of absorption of fentanyl that could result in fatal overdose.

When prescribing, do not convert patients on a mcg per mcg basis from any other fentanyl products to Lazanda.
When dispensing, do notsubstitute a Lazanda prescription for other fentanyl products. 

ABUSE POTENTIAL
Lazanda contains fentanyl, an opioid agonist and a Schedule II controlled substance, with an abuse liability similar to other opioid analgesics. Lazanda can be abused in a manner similar to other opioid agonists, legal or illicit. This should be considered when prescribing or dispensing Lazanda in situations where the physician or pharmacist is concerned about an increased risk of misuse, abuse or diversion.
Because of the risk for misuse, abuse, addiction, and overdose, Lazanda is available only through a restricted program required by the Food and Drug Administration, called a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy (REMS). Under the Transmucosal Immediate Release Fentanyl (TIRF) REMS Access program, outpatients, healthcare professionals who prescribe to outpatients, pharmacies, and distributors must enroll in the program. [see Warnings and Precautions] Further information is available at www.TIRFREMSaccess.com or by calling 1-866-822-1483.

See full Prescribing Information including Boxed WARNING, and Medication Guide at www.lazanda.com for more information.
 


WARNING: RISK OF SERIOUS CARDIOVASCULAR AND GASTROINTESTINAL EVENTS
Cardiovascular Risk
Zipsor, like all nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs), may cause increased risk of serious cardiovascular thrombotic events, myocardial infarction, and stroke, which can be fatal. This risk may increase with duration of use. Patients with cardiovascular disease or risk factors for cardiovascular disease may be at greater risk. (Warnings and Precautions 5.1)
Zipsor is contraindicated for the treatment of perioperative pain in the setting of coronary artery bypass graft (CABG) surgery. (Contraindications 4)
Gastrointestinal Risk
NSAIDs, including Zipsor, cause an increased risk of serious gastrointestinal adverse events including bleeding, ulceration, and perforation of the stomach and intestines, which can be fatal. These events can occur at any time during use and without warning symptoms. Elderly patients are at greater risk for serious gastrointestinal events. (Warnings and Precautions 5.2)
See full prescribing information for complete boxed warning.

See full Prescribing Information including Boxed WARNING regarding cardiovascular and gastrointestinal risks
For more information, please visit www.zipsor.com.
 
If you have any questions regarding our marketed products, please call 1.866.458.6389.




Improving Patient Lives
IIn addition to its core CNS and pain therapeutics, NUCYNTA ER, NUCYNTA, Gralise, Cambia, Lazanda and Zipsor, Depomed is enhancing therapeutic outcomes through the incorporation of its Acuform® drug delivery technology in products marketed by the company’s strategic partners. Acuform is a proprietary gastroretentive polymer formulation that allows continuous, controlled delivery of drug compounds with one or two oral doses. Products based on Acuform may provide patients and caregivers with greater convenience, more efficient absorption, enhanced safety and increased efficacy.






Products



Strategic Partnerships









Home


About Us


Products


Pipeline


Technology


Clinical Trials


Investors


Careers











Sitemap


Contact Us


A Growing Specialty Pharmaceutical Company





© Depomed, Inc.    All rights reserved



Terms of Use


Privacy Policy



Website design: Hane Chow Inc.

APL-DEP-0092 Rev. 3









Depomed, Inc.





















About DepomedDepomed, Inc. is a specialty pharmaceutical company focused on products to treat pain and other central nervous system (CNS) conditions. The company currently markets FDA-approved products: NUCYNTA® ER (tapentadol) extended release tablets indicated, CII for the management of pain severe enough to require daily, around-the-clock, long-term opioid treatment and for which alternative treatment options are inadequate and in adult patients who have neuropathic pain associated with diabetic peripheral neuropathy (DPN) that is severe enough to require daily, around-the-clock, long-term opioid treatment and for which alternative treatment options are inadequate; NUCYNTA® (tapentadol) an immediate release version of tapentadol, is indicated for the management of moderate to severe acute pain in adults; Gralise® (gabapentin) tablets for the management of Postherpetic Neuralgia (PHN); Cambia® (diclofenac potassium for oral solution) for acute treatment of migraine attacks with or without aura in adults 18 years of age or older; Lazanda® (fentanyl) nasal spray CII for the management of breakthrough pain in cancer patients; and Zipsor® (diclofenac potassium) liquid filled capsules for relief of mild to moderate acute pain. See Important Safety Information for NUCYNTA ER, NUCYNTA, Gralise, Cambia, Lazanda, and Zipsor.
Depomed has recently acquired and is developing cebranopadol, a novel, Phase III ready, first-in-class analgesic for the treatment of moderate to severe chronic nociceptive and neuropathic pain.
In addition to its ability to develop and commercialize new drugs, Depomed also has successfully developed and licensed its unique drug-delivery technology, Acuform®. This patented oral-delivery technology allows for the targeted, extended release of pharmaceutical compounds into the upper gastrointestinal tract. We have licensed Acuform technology to six pharmaceutical partners, and the technology is currently being used in four marketed drugs, including NUCYNTA ER and Gralise.
The company’s strategy is to continue to identify, license and develop new products-that offer enhanced therapeutic options patient populations that may be underserved by existing therapies.





News

July 13, 2017

Depomed Announces Intent to Effect a Debt Refinancing

May 22, 2017

Depomed Announces Corporate Governance Updates

May 16, 2017

Depomed to Present at the UBS Global Healthcare Conference

May 9, 2017

Depomed Announces First Quarter 2017 Financial Results and Strategic Initiatives Aimed at Driving Sustainable Long-Term Growth and Shareholder Value

May 2, 2017

Depomed to Report First Quarter 2017 Financial Results on Tuesday, May 9, 2017



More News










Home


About Us


Products


Pipeline


Technology


Clinical Trials


Investors


Careers











Sitemap


Contact Us


A Growing Specialty Pharmaceutical Company





© Depomed, Inc.    All rights reserved



Terms of Use


Privacy Policy



Website design: Hane Chow Inc.

APL-DEP-0092 Rev. 3










Depomed, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 22, 2017 2:23 AM ET
Pharmaceuticals

Company Overview of Depomed, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Depomed, Inc., a specialty pharmaceutical company, engages in the development, sale, and licensing of products for pain and other central nervous system conditions in the United States. It offers Gralise (gabapentin), an once-daily product for the management of postherpetic neuralgia; CAMBIA (diclofenac potassium for oral solution), a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug indicated for acute treatment of migraine attacks in adults; Zipsor (diclofenac potassium) liquid filled capsule, a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug for the treatment of mild to moderate acute pain in adults; and Lazanda (fentanyl) nasal spray, an intranasal fentanyl drug used to manage breakthrough pain in adults. The c...
Depomed, Inc., a specialty pharmaceutical company, engages in the development, sale, and licensing of products for pain and other central nervous system conditions in the United States. It offers Gralise (gabapentin), an once-daily product for the management of postherpetic neuralgia; CAMBIA (diclofenac potassium for oral solution), a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug indicated for acute treatment of migraine attacks in adults; Zipsor (diclofenac potassium) liquid filled capsule, a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug for the treatment of mild to moderate acute pain in adults; and Lazanda (fentanyl) nasal spray, an intranasal fentanyl drug used to manage breakthrough pain in adults. The company also provides NUCYNTA ER (tapentadol extended release tablets), a product for the management of pain severe enough to long term opioid treatment, including neuropathic pain associated with diabetic peripheral neuropathy (DPN) in adults; and NUCYNTA (tapentadol), a product for the management of moderate to severe acute pain in adults. In addition, it is involved in the clinical development of Cebranopadol for the treatment of chronic nociceptive and neuropathic pain. The company sells its products to wholesalers and retail pharmacies. It also has a portfolio of license agreements based on its proprietary Acuform gastroretentive drug delivery technology with Mallinckrodt Inc.; Ironwood Pharmaceuticals, Inc.; and Janssen Pharmaceuticals, Inc. The company was founded in 1995 and is headquartered in Newark, California.
Detailed Description


7999 Gateway BoulevardSuite 300Newark, CA 94560United StatesFounded in 1995490 Employees



Phone: 510-744-8000

Fax: 510-744-8001

www.depomedinc.com







Key Executives for Depomed, Inc.




Mr. August J. Moretti J.D., Esq.


      	CFO & Senior VP
      


Age: 66
        

Total Annual Compensation: $418.8K








Mr. Matthew M. Gosling


      	Senior VP, General Counsel & Secretary
      


Age: 46
        

Total Annual Compensation: $470.8K








Dr. Srinivas G. Rao M.D., Ph.D.


      	Chief Medical Officer & Senior VP
      


Age: 48
        

Total Annual Compensation: $418.0K








Mr. Thadd M. Vargas


      	Senior Vice President of Business Development
      


Age: 51
        

Total Annual Compensation: $362.6K





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2016. 

Depomed, Inc. Key Developments

Depomed, Inc. Announces Intent to Effect a Debt Refinancing
Jul 13 17
Depomed Inc. announced that it is seeking to refinance its existing $375 million principal amount of privately placed secured Senior Notes. The existing notes are due in 2022 and have a coupon of 9.75% over three-month LIBOR (currently 1.30%). The existing note financing was provided by Deerfield and Pharmakon Advisors, LP. The consummation and actual terms of the proposed refinancing are subject to a number of factors, including market conditions, negotiation and execution of definitive agreements and satisfaction of customary closing conditions. There can be no assurance that the refinancing will occur, or, if it does, as to the terms of the refinancing.


Depomed, Inc. Provides Earnings Guidance for the Second Quarter Ended June 30, 2017
Jul 13 17
Depomed, Inc. provided earnings guidance for the second quarter ended June 30, 2017. The company currently expects net sales to be in the range of approximately $98 million to $103 million for the quarter. The company also expects non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA for the second quarter to be in the range of approximately $23 million to $28 million.


Depomed Inc. Announces Retirement of Thadd Vargas as Officer, Effective July 31, 2017
Jul 13 17
Depomed, Inc. entered into an agreement with Thadd Vargas, the Company's Senior Vice President, Business Development, pursuant to which Mr. Vargas will retire and resign as an officer of the Company, effective as of July 31, 2017. Mr. Vargas has lead the Company's business development function since 2002.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 1st Order Pharmaceuticals, Inc. United States 21st Century Animal Health United States 3 Buds' Organics LLC United States 4P Therapeutics LLC United States 60° Pharmaceuticals, LLC United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Depomed, Inc., please visit www.depomedinc.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close


























Depomed Inc: NASDAQ:DEPO quotes & news - Google FinanceCookies help us deliver our services. By using our services, you agree to our use of cookiesLearn moreGot itMy AccountSearchMapsYouTubePlayNewsGmailDriveCalendarGoogle+TranslatePhotosMoreShoppingWalletFinanceDocsBooksBloggerContactsHangoutsKeepEven more from GoogleSign inHidden fieldsSearch FinanceAdobe Flash Player is required for interactive charts. AllowFinanceDepomed Inc(NASDAQ:DEPO)Add to portfolioCompanySummaryNewsRelated companiesHistorical pricesFinancialsMarketsNewsPortfoliosStock screenerGoogle Domestic TrendsRecent Quotes (30 days)You have no recent quoteschg | %




Depomed Inc  (Public, NASDAQ:DEPO)  
Watch this stock
 




















10.60


-0.03
(-0.28%)





Jul 21 - Close


NASDAQ
real-time data -
Disclaimer

Currency in USD







Range

10.53 - 10.83



52 week

9.38 - 27.02



Open

10.68



Vol / Avg.

678,869.00/1.45M



Mkt cap

681.54M



P/E

    -



Div/yield

    -



EPS

-1.53



Shares

62.34M



Beta

1.15



Inst. own

95%
































News





Relevance



Date











All news for Depomed Inc »

Subscribe






Advertisement




Events




Add DEPO to my calendars





Aug 15, 2017
Depomed Inc Annual Shareholders Meeting
- 5:00PM EDT -






Aug 1, 2017
Q2 2017 Depomed Inc Earnings Release (Estimated)
- 4:00PM EDT -






Jul 13, 2017
Preliminary Q2 2017 Depomed Inc Earnings Release



May 23, 2017
Depomed Inc at UBS Global Healthcare Conference -






May 18, 2017
Depomed Inc Annual Shareholders Meeting (Estimated)



May 9, 2017
Q1 2017 Depomed Inc Earnings Call -






May 8, 2017
Q1 2017 Depomed Inc Earnings Release





More events from DailyFinance » 
  



Key stats and ratios




Q1 (Mar '17)
2016


Net profit margin
-29.57%
-19.46%

Operating margin
-7.37%
5.38%

EBITD margin
-
29.37%

Return on average assets
-8.92%
-6.87%

Return on average equity
-44.60%
-31.36%

Employees
490
-

CDP Score
-

-


Screen stocks with similar metrics »

Address
7999 Gateway Blvd Ste 300NEWARK, CA 94560-1188United States
- Map+1-510-7448000 (Phone)+1-510-7448001 (Fax)

Website links


http://www.depomed.com



External links

Analyst Estimates - MarketWatch
SEC Filings - EDGAR Online
Major Holders - MSN Money
Research Reports - Reuters















Settings |
Technicals |



Link to this view



Volume delayed by 15 mins.Prices are not from all markets.

Sources include SIX.




















Advertisement







Related companies





Show:


Most Recent Quarter


Most Recent Annual




Add or remove columns
Save changes
Cancel







Sector: Healthcare > Industry: Generic Pharmaceuticals

More from FactSet »










Description




Depomed, Inc. is a specialty pharmaceutical company. The Company focuses on pain and other central nervous system (CNS) conditions. Its products include NUCYNTA ER (tapentadol extended release tablets), NUCYNTA IR (NUCYNTA) (tapentadol), Gralise (gabapentin), CAMBIA (diclofenac potassium for oral solution), Zipsor (diclofenac potassium) and Lazanda (fentanyl). Its NUCYNTA ER (tapentadol extended release tablets) is a product for the management of pain severe enough to require daily long term opioid treatment, including neuropathic pain associated with diabetic peripheral neuropathy in adults, and its NUCYNTA (tapentadol) is a product for the management of moderate to severe acute pain in adults. Its Gralise (gabapentin) is a once-daily product for the management of postherpetic neuralgia. Its CAMBIA (diclofenac potassium for oral solution) is a product for the acute treatment of migraine attacks.


More from Reuters »








Officers and directors





James P. Fogarty CPA

Chairman of the Board





Age: 48

Bio & Compensation
 - Reuters

Arthur J. Higgins

President, Chief Executive Officer, Director





Age: 61

Bio & Compensation
 - Reuters

August J. Moretti

Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President





Age: 66

Bio & Compensation
 - Reuters

Matthew M. Gosling

Senior Vice President, General Counsel





Age: 46

Bio & Compensation
 - Reuters

Sharon D. Larkin

Senior Vice President - Human Resources and Administration.





Age: 53

Bio & Compensation
 - Reuters

Gerd G. Kochendoerfer

Senior Vice President, Technical Development & Quality





Age: 49

Bio & Compensation
 - Reuters

Srinivas Gandham Rao M.D. Ph.D.

Chief Medical Officer and Senior Vice President





Age: 48

Bio & Compensation
 - Reuters

Thadd M. Vargas

Senior Vice President - Business Development





Age: 52

Bio & Compensation
 - Reuters

Karen A. Dawes

Independent Director





Age: 64

Bio & Compensation
 - Reuters

Louis J. Lavigne Jr.

Independent Director





Age: 68

Bio & Compensation
 - Reuters



Full list on Reuters »








Google Finance Beta available in: Hong Kong - Canada - U.S. - China - U.K.Information is provided "as is" and solely for informational purposes, not for trading purposes or advice, and may be delayed.To see all exchange delays, please  see disclaimer.©2017 Google - Google Home - Blog - Help - Report a Problem - Privacy Policy - Terms of Service






















 



 Depomed Acquires U.S. Rights to Late-Stage, First-in-Class Pain Product from Grunenthal 
         










    










 






 











 









Depomed Acquires U.S. Rights to Late-Stage, First-in-Class Pain Product from Grunenthal

		  - Adds Phase 3-Ready, New Chemical Entity with Patent Coverage to 2030's -- Unique Molecule May Provide Opioid-like Efficacy with Lower Side Effect and Abuse Potential -- Creative Deal Structure Secures Asset by Resolving Litigation and Minimizes Upfront Cash -- Conference Call Today at 5:00 p.m. EST -
		

Nov 17, 2015, 16:25 ET
		  		  					
						 from   Depomed, Inc. 











 
















































 

 




















 


NEWARK, Calif., Nov. 17, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Depomed, Inc. (NASDAQ:   DEPO) today announced that it has entered into a definitive agreement to acquire the U.S. and Canadian rights to cebranopadol and its related follow-on compound from Grünenthal GmbH ("Grünenthal"). Cebranopadol is a novel, first-in-class analgesic in development for the treatment of moderate to severe chronic nociceptive and neuropathic pain and is an important addition to Depomed's leading portfolio in pain and neurology. Depomed anticipates advancing cebranopadol into Phase III development for chronic lower back pain (cLBP) and other pain indications by 2017. The deal adds a highly complementary development candidate with a strong efficacy profile, favorable tolerability and low abuse potential with patent protection into the 2030's to Depomed's broad commercial platform of pain and neurology marketed products. 
"Cebranopadol is a truly differentiated molecule with a novel dual mechanism-of-action, functioning as a high-potency agonist of both the mu-opioid and the nociceptin receptors. Cebranopadol's pharmacology is likely to confer analgesic efficacy equivalent to that of traditional opioids in peripherally-mediated, nociceptive pain conditions, while potentially conferring great efficacy in neuropathic pain and other pain states characterized by more centralized pain," said Srinivas Rao, M.D., Ph.D., Chief Medical Officer of Depomed. "Moreover, the product does not appear to impact respiratory function to the degree that traditional mu-opioid receptor agonists do, and the nociceptin receptor pharmacology also appears to substantially mitigate the abuse potential of cebranopadol." 
Continued Dr. Rao: "These unique and beneficial properties, along with a strong scientific rationale and a robust clinical package, translate to a strong probability of success - making cebranopadol a great addition to our portfolio. Developmentally, we have a well-defined pathway to follow that we believe has the potential to add tremendous value to both the chronic pain armamentarium and the company."  
"The acquisition of this novel compound with its unique structure and characteristics fits perfectly with our long-term commitment to expanding our leading pain management portfolio," said Jim Schoeneck, President and Chief Executive Officer of Depomed. "This acquisition builds on Depomed's leadership in pain, our successful experience in drug development, and further demonstrates our continued ability to do financially creative acquisitions with the goals of improving the lives of patients and increasing shareholder value." 
Under the terms of the agreement, Depomed has entered into a settlement agreement with Endo Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a subsidiary of Endo International Plc ("Endo") to resolve Depomed's ongoing patent litigation against Endo for alleged infringement of three of Depomed's patents by Endo's OPANA® ER product.  As the formulator of OPANA® ER, Grünenthal indemnified Endo for certain intellectual property matters, including Depomed's ongoing patent infringement lawsuit against Endo. The settlement agreement grants Endo a non-exclusive patent license in the United States, and a covenant not to sue outside the United States, for the currently marketed form of OPANA® ER. In addition, Depomed is providing Grünenthal with a limited covenant not to sue under certain Depomed Acuform® drug delivery patents with specific drug substances as well as $25 million in cash.  Depomed will also pay Grünenthal royalties on net sales and one-time net sales milestones. There are no clinical, regulatory or approval milestone payments. The deal is expected to close in the fourth quarter of 2015, following termination or expiration of the waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino (HSR) Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976 and completion of other customary closing conditions. The settlement agreement with Endo becomes effective upon the closing under the license agreement.
To date, cebranopadol has been studied in sixteen Phase I, four Phase IIa and three Phase IIb trials in painful diabetic peripheral neuropathy (PDPN), osteoarthritis (OA) and chronic lower back pain as well as a human abuse potential study. In total, cebranopadol has been studied in approximately 2,000 patients worldwide.  In summary, these studies confirm a profile of high potency and efficacy with good tolerability and the potential for a lower abuse profile.  Depomed anticipates conducting an End-of-Phase-II meeting with U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in 2016 and commencing Phase III development by 2017. Cebranopadol has patent protection through at least 2032 with the potential for patent term extension to 2037.
"Cebranopadol is a first-in-class drug candidate due in large part to its unique ability to bind with high affinity to not only classical opioid receptors, but also the nociceptin/ orphanin FQ peptide, or NOP, receptors which may offer improved management of some pain states with decreased side effects. Indeed NOP agonists have been shown to have a broad range of effects, and balanced agonist activity at the NOP and mu receptors may result in an improved safety profile – reduced tolerance and reduced risk of respiratory depression versus mu agonist activity alone," said Frank Porreca, Ph.D. Professor of Pharmacology and Anesthesiology, The University of Arizona College of Medicine at Tucson. "Arising from Grünenthal, a leader in the development of multifunctional molecules, cebranopadol has the potential to lead the way in novel analgesic therapy."
About Cebranopadol
Cebranopadol is a novel, first-in-class potent analgesic that has a dual mechanism-of-action as an agonist of both the nociceptin receptor (NOP) and the mu-opioid receptor (MOR). These mechanisms, which have been shown to synergize, result in both a comparable efficacy and broader analgesic spectrum versus standard mu-opioid receptor agonists as well as an improved safety profile, particularly as it pertains to dependence and respiratory depression. Cebranopadol has completed several Phase II trials in painful diabetic peripheral neuropathy (PDPN), osteoarthritis (OA) and chronic lower back pain (cLBP) and is ready for Phase III development.
Baker Botts L.L.P. represented Depomed in the connection with this transaction.
Conference Call 
Depomed will host a conference call today, Tuesday, November 17, beginning at 5:00 p.m. EST (2:00 p.m. PST) to discuss the transaction. Participants can access the call by dialing 877-317-6789 (United States) or 412-317-6789 (international). The conference call will also be available via a live webcast on the Investor Relations section of Depomed's website at http://www.depomed.com.   Access the website 15 minutes prior to the start of the call to download and install any necessary audio software. An archived webcast replay will be available on the Company's website for three months.
About Depomed  
Depomed is a specialty pharmaceutical company that commercializes products for pain and neurology related disorders. Our NUCYNTA® franchise includes NUCYNTA® ER (tapentadol) extended release tablets indicated for the management of pain, including neuropathic pain associated with diabetic peripheral neuropathy (DPN), severe enough to require daily, around-the-clock, long-term opioid treatment, and NUCYNTA® (tapentadol), an immediate release version of tapentadol, for management of moderate to severe acute pain in adults. Gralise® (gabapentin) is a once-daily treatment approved for the management of postherpetic neuralgia. CAMBIA® (diclofenac potassium for oral solution) is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug indicated for acute treatment of migraine attacks with or without aura in adults (18 years of age or older). Zipsor® (diclofenac potassium) Liquid Filled Capsules is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug indicated for relief of mild to moderate acute pain in adults. Lazanda® (fentanyl) Nasal Spray is an intranasal fentanyl drug used to manage breakthrough pain in adults (18 years of age or older) who are already routinely taking other opioid pain medicines around-the-clock for cancer pain. Gralise, Nucynta ER and various partner product candidates are formulated with Depomed's proven, proprietary Acuform® drug delivery technology. Additional information about Depomed may be found at www.depomed.com.  
NUCYNTA®, Gralise® CAMBIA®, Zipsor®, Lazanda® and Acuform® are registered trademarks of Depomed, Inc. 
"Safe Harbor" Statement under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The statements that are not historical facts contained in this release are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties including, but not limited to, those related to the potential benefits of cebranopadol, the company's clinical development plans and expectations regarding cebranopadol and other risks detailed in the company's Securities and Exchange Commission filings, including the company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014 and most recent Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. The inclusion of forward-looking statements should not be regarded as a representation that any of the company's plans or objectives will be achieved. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly release the result of any revisions to these forward-looking statements that may be made to reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.
INVESTOR CONTACT:
Christopher Keenan
VP, Investor Relations and Corporate Communications
Depomed, Inc.
510-744-8000
ckeenan@depomed.com 
MEDIA CONTACT:
Mark Corbae
Canale Communications for Depomed
619-849-5375
mark@canalecomm.com 
 
 SOURCE  Depomed, Inc.  

RELATED LINKS
http://www.depomed.com



  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  











Nov 19, 2015, 22:05 ET
Preview: Depomed Comments on Horizon Withdrawal of Offer to Acquire Company













Nov 13, 2015, 08:00 ET
Preview: Depomed Named to Deloitte's 2015 Technology Fast 500™ List of Fastest Growing Companies in North America






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 

DepoMed fourth-quarter product sales up sharply - MarketWatch




























































Latest News










Dow

21,580
-31.71
-0.15%






Nasdaq

6,388
-2.25
-0.04%






S&P 500

2,473
-0.91
-0.04%









7/21


                                  Charges dropped after ‘London Whale’ accused Jamie Dimon of making him a fall guy
                                





 
7/21


                                  Goodbye, Sean Spicer: Memorable Moments From the Podium  
                                





 
7/21


                                  How to Fix Wall Street, and Bankers' Pay
                                





 
7/21


                                  Amazon, Whole Foods look to head off lengthy deal review
                                





 
7/21


                                  Hawaii adopts emergency plan for North Korea missile attack
                                





 
7/21


                                   California Wildfire Destroys Homes Near Yosemite
                                





 
7/21


                                  Spicer Quits as Scaramucci Accepts White House Job
                                





 
7/21


Updated
      Why you shouldn’t order ice on a flight, and other ‘dirty little secrets’ 
                                





 
7/21


Updated
      If you’re reading this, you have a 19.3% chance of being rich
                                





 
7/21


Updated
      5 unfortunate reasons why millennials can’t have nice things (or save any money)
                                





 
7/21


Updated
      This is the deadliest time of your life to put on weight
                                





 
7/21


Updated
      If, like Sean Spicer, you suddenly walk out — what should you do next?
                                





 
7/21


                                  A History of Sears: Through Highs and Lows
                                





 
7/21


                                  Are you a money bully?
                                





 
7/21


                                  How real-estate TV shows determine what home buyers look for and what to do if you decide to quit your job like Sean Spicer
                                





 
7/21


Updated
      Wall Street's 'fear gauge'--the VIX--just logged its second-lowest close in history
                                





 
7/21


Updated
      Why it might be time to invest in the companies Amazon is destroying
                                





 
7/21


Updated
      This is what should really worry you about stocks
                                





 
7/21


Updated
      Beware of the curse of the number 7 in the stock market 
                                





 
7/21


                                  S&P 500, Nasdaq post weekly gains as stock market finishes session lower
                                





 








































Log In
























Home






Industries








         DepoMed fourth-quarter product sales up sharply
    








    By
        
        Josh Beckerman

Published: Feb 22, 2016 5:31 p.m. ET

Share


















































 



 




















By

                                        JoshBeckerman







DepoMed Inc.'s 

                            
                            
                                  
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
                                  
                                    DEPO, -0.28%

                            
                                  
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
                                         fourth-quarter product sales rose sharply, reflecting strong prescription volume for its recently acquired Nucynta painkiller and other drugs. In April, DepoMed bought the U.S. rights to Nucynta from Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) unit Janssen Pharmaceuticals Inc. for $1.05 billion. That deal positioned DepoMed as a larger company focused on pain and neurology. In the latest quarter, product sales rose to $111.1 million from $33.9 million a year earlier. DepoMed said it expects product sales of $485 million to $525 million this year. Analysts polled by Thomson Reuters project $506 million. Over all for the quarter ended Dec. 31, DepoMed posted a loss of $30.7 million, or 51 cents a share, compared with a profit of $94.6 million, or $1.23 a share, a year earlier. The loss includes charges stemming from the December purchase of the U.S. and Canadian rights to Grünenthal GmbH's painkiller cebranopadol and a related follow-on compound. DepoMed said fourth-quarter adjusted earnings were 16 cents a share, a figure that includes a reduction of 13 cents a share related to the tax treatment of the cebranopadol deal. Analysts polled by Thomson Reuters projected excluding items of 29 cents a share. These estimates generally exclude nonrecurring items. Total revenue fell to $111.2 million from $194.6 million. The 2014 period included $147 million of noncash royalty revenue related to a transaction with PDL BioPharma Inc. DepoMed's other products include migraine treatment Cambia. In November, Horizon Pharma PLC withdrew its roughly $1 billion unsolicited offer for DepoMed after a California court blocked its bid, saying it was based on Horizon's improper use of confidential information. The ruling ended Horizon's six-month pursuit, which had faced stiff resistance from DepoMed. In after-hours trading, DepoMed shares fell 2.9% to $16.75. Write to Josh Beckerman at josh.beckerman@wsj.com


More from MarketWatch









More Coverage


The dark side of cruises


O.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family


Still not losing weight? These may be the reasons why

















Quote References


DEPO

-0.03
-0.28%





Most Popular





The dark side of cruises





The reason Jack Bogle doesn’t fly first class says everything about his investing legacy





O.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family





If you’re reading this, you have a 19.3% chance of being rich





4 Luxury Pool Floats to Class Up Your Instagram




MarketWatch Partner Center




















 








            We Want to
            Hear from You


Join the conversation
Comment
















Sponsored Headlines













Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found




























DepoMed Inc.
U.S.: Nasdaq: DEPO




$10.60

-0.03
(-0.28%)








Volume665.8K
Open$10.68
High$10.83
Low$10.54
P/E Ratio0
Div Yield0
Market Cap669.3M
























 






















Business Industry - Industry News - Industry Market Reports


























Bulletin






Investor Alert























  
      Industries
    




        Latest Industry News
    


How to Fix Wall Street, and Bankers' Pay
              
              A look at this week's Barron's, including a promising investment in the factory that makes everything, and Roger Federer's secret to success.              
              


7:18 p.m. July 21, 2017








S&P 500





/conga/industries/main2.html
28078





        In Energy »




Sandler O’Neill Sees Lots to Like in Bank of America 
              
              Second-quarter revenues and profit margins push up EPS estimate for year.              
              
            

12:00 a.m.  Today12:00 a.m. July 22, 2017






Schlumberger CEO Blames U.S. Investors for Stagnant Oil Prices      
              
              U.S. investors are driving down the price of oil by shoveling too much money into American shale companies, the chief executive of the world’s largest oil-field service firm said as his company reported quarterly earnings.                
              
            

7:04 p.m. July 21, 2017






Esrey Closes Acquisition of Power Zinc Limited
              
              Esrey Closes Acquisition of Power Zinc Limited              
              
            

6:29 p.m. July 21, 2017








        In Banking »




Charges dropped after ‘London Whale’ accused Jamie Dimon of making him a fall guy
              
              The case against two traders in the infamous “London Whale” case appears to have fallen apart after the Whale himself, considered a key witness, accused J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. Chief Executive Jamie Dimon of setting him up as a fall guy.              
              
            

8:33 p.m. July 21, 2017






5 unfortunate reasons why millennials can’t have nice things (or save any money)
              
              Young Americans spend $2,300 per year more on a wide range of items.              
              
            

6:07 p.m. July 21, 2017






Are you a money bully?
              
              If you’ve ever asked a question about money only to feel embarrassed, ashamed, or defensive at the response, you may have encountered a Money Bully.              
              
            

5:13 p.m. July 21, 2017








/conga/modules/sixwide-divider.html
3095





        In Technology »




Wall Street's 'fear gauge'--the VIX--just logged its second-lowest close in history
              
              One measure of fear on Wall Street on Friday booked its second-lowest finish ever, according to FactSet data. The CBOE Volatility Index, or VIX, wrapped up the session down 2.3% at 9.36, marking the lowest close since the so-called "fear gauge" ended at 9.31 in December 1993 at 9.31. The gauge flirted with the lowest reading in history at 9.30, before bucking up a touch. The VIX is based on options contracts on the S&P 500 30-days in the future. The metric's historical average is 20 and it has continued to mostly slump in 2017, with the majority of its readings below 10 being put in this year, as stocks have reached repeated records since President Donald Trump's Election Day victory in November. That dynamic, lower readings for VIX and elevated stock prices, have suggested to market participants that investors are becoming increasingly complacent. Friday's VIX slide came as many major equity benchmarks closed lower, but not far from records, including the Dow Jones Industrial Average , the S&P 500 index , and the Nasdaq Composite Index , which all finished less than 1% shy of all-time closing highs.               
              
            

5:06 p.m. July 21, 2017






Newspaper publisher McClatchy Co. reports Q2 loss, but growth in digital business
              
              Newspaper publisher McClatchy Co.  reported second-quarter earnings before the market opened on Friday and said digital-only subscribers grew nearly 14% from the previous year's first quarter. The company reported a net loss of $37.4 million, or $4.91 per share for the second quarter, compared with a loss of $14.7 million, or $1.89 per share during the same quarter a year ago. The adjusted loss per share was 79 cents. McClatchy's revenue hit $225.1 million in the quarter, down 7% compared with the prior year. Total advertising revenue revenues were down 11% compared with the same quarter last year, while digital-only advertising revenue grew by 10%. The company said that the rate of decline in total advertising slowed in the quarter. "As I have mentioned before, achieving a normalized operating environment takes some time in digital transitions," McClatchy Chief Executive Craig Forman said in a statement. "While we continue to see strong headwinds in print advertising, we also are seeing our digital efforts in all aspects of the business moderate those headwinds." McClatchy's average total unique visitors to the company's online products grew close to 15% to 66 million in the quarter. Shares of McClatchy were inactive in morning trade on Friday, but have declined more than 34% in the year to date, while the S&P 500 index  have gained more than 10%.              
              
            

9:43 a.m. July 21, 2017






Whole Foods shareholders to vote on Amazon merger on Aug. 23
              
              Whole Foods Market Inc.  informed its shareholders that the special meeting to vote on the acquisition by Amazon.com Inc. will be held on Aug. 23. The shareholder meeting will be at the natural and organic foods seller's corporate headquarters in Austin, Texas, and will begin at 8:30 a.m. local time. "The Whole Foods Market board of directors unanimously recommends that our shareholders vote 'FOR' the proposal to approve the merger agreement," a letter to shareholders said. Whole Foods had agreed on June 15 to be bought by Amazon for $42 a share, which was 47% above the 2017 closing low of $28.53 on March 27, but was 36% below the Oct. 25, 2013 record close of $65.24. The stock closed Thursday at $41.76. Amazon shares have run up 14.5% over the past three months, while the S&P 500  has gained 5.3%.              
              
            

8:06 a.m. July 21, 2017








        In Cars »




Polaris beats profit and sales expectation as ORV and snowmobile growth helps boost results
              
              Polaris Industries Inc.  reported Thursday a second-quarter net profit that fell to $62.0 million, or 97 cents a share, from $71.2 million, or $1.09 a share, in the same period a year ago. The off-road vehicle maker said adjusted earnings per share came to $1.16, above the FactSet consensus of $1.08. Revenue rose to $1.36 billion from $1.13 billion, beating the FactSet consensus of $1.26 billion. Off-road and snowmobile sales rose to $845.5 million from $799.3 million, above the FactSet consensus of $761.7 million, while motorcycle sales fell 13% to $198 million but beat expectations of $192 million. The company raised its 2017 sales growth outlook to 12% to 14% from 10% to 13% and its adjusted EPS outlook to $4.35 to $4.50 from $4.25 to $4.50. "The powersports industry remained very competitive and headwinds persist, but we were encouraged by the return to growth in our Side-by-Side business and continued strength and aggressive share gains for Indian Motorcycles," said Chief Executive Scott Wine. On Wednesday, the company said it recalled 25,600 ATVs after reports of fuel leaks and fires. The stock, which wasn't active in premarket trade, has rallied 12.2% year to date, while the S&P 500  has gained 10.5%.              
              
            

7:46 a.m. July 20, 2017






Tesla stock initiated as neutral/high risk at Citi with price target 10% above current price
              
              Citigroup initiated coverage of electric car maker Tesla Inc.  Thursday, with a neutral/high risk rating and $357 stock price target. That's equal to about 10% upside from its current level. "We're positive on Tesla's position as a Car of the Future leader and view the upside case to still be significant, however, we prefer to wait for a better entry point either through: (a) A stronger balance sheet, which in our view would more favorably tilt the 12-month risk/reward equation, all-else-equal; or (b) convincing signs of a smooth Model 3 ramp with limited Model S cannibalization," analyst Itay Michaeli wrote in a note. The analyst said he is "fundamentally bullish" on Tesla, but that both bull and bear cases for the stock have merit. On the bull side, the company has had initial product success, brand appeal, speed of innovation and tech/software leadership," he wrote. The next 12 months rely on Tesla achieving Model 3 conversions and meeting margin goals, while continuing to cement its leadership in self-driving. Tesla shares were slightly lower premarket, but have gained 52% in 2017, while the S&P 500  has gained 10.5%.               
              
            

7:27 a.m. July 20, 2017






Polaris recalls tens of thousands of ATVs after reports of fire, fuel leaks
              
              Recreational vehicles company Polaris Industries Inc.  recalled about 25,600 all-terrain vehicles (ATVs) after reports of fuel leaks and fires. The recall involves 2014 Sportsman 570 model ATVs sold from April 2014 through May 2017 for $6,500 to $7,700 in several colors, which were made by Polaris in the U.S., according to the Consumer Product Safety Commission. The recall follows 30 reports of fuel leaks and four incidents involving a fire, although no injuries had been reported. "Consumers should immediately stop using the recalled ATVs and contact Polaris to schedule a free repair," the company said in a statement. "Polaris is contacting all known purchasers directly." The stock, which was up 1.2% in afternoon trade, has rallied 12.9% year to date, while the S&P 500  has gained 10.4%.              
              
            

2:48 p.m. July 19, 2017








/conga/modules/sixwide-divider.html
3095





        In Retail »




Amazon, Whole Foods look to head off lengthy deal review
              
              Amazon.com Inc. and Whole Foods Market Inc. are giving U.S. antitrust enforcers more time to complete an early review their planned tie-up, a strategy companies sometimes use in a bid to head off a potentially lengthy government investigation.               
              
            

6:58 p.m. July 21, 2017






Why it might be time to invest in the companies Amazon is destroying
              
              One former Lehman trader explains the best way to find the most profitable trades in this relentless bull market.              
              
            

5:06 p.m. July 21, 2017






Attention, shoppers: ‘Amazon effect’ is creating bargain stocks
              
              Jefferies analysts say investors are discounting some consumer stocks too much.              
              
            

4:50 p.m. July 21, 2017








        In Health Care »




Amazon’s foray into groceries means more mergers of food companies, experts say
              
              The pace of mergers and acquisitions in the food industry has gained steam in 2017, and experts are expecting more to come as companies struggle with shrinking margins in a low-price world..              
              
            

4:31 p.m. July 21, 2017






PetIQ shares soaring 32% in company's market debut 
              
              Shares of PetIQ Inc.  were soaring 32% Friday after the company made its debut on the Nasdaq. PetIQ, which distributes pet medications, sold 6,250,000 million shares at $16 a share to raise $100 million. The company posted net sales of $200.2 million in 2016 on top of a loss of $3.4 million. However, in the three months ended in March of this year, the company swung to a profit, with net income of $4.3 million on sales of $67 million. It granted underwriters a 30-day option to sell an additional 937,500 shares. Jefferies and William Blair were the lead underwriters on the offering.               
              
            

1:14 p.m. July 21, 2017

















Most Popular





1.






The dark side of cruises






2.






The reason Jack Bogle doesn’t fly first class says everything about his investing legacy






3.






O.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family






4.






If you’re reading this, you have a 19.3% chance of being rich






5.






4 Luxury Pool Floats to Class Up Your Instagram










Find a Broker

Partner Center »

















            SPONSORED SECTIONS
    


Compare current broker offers 













Log In




2:23 AM EDT
July 22, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
8:34pCharges dropped after ‘London Whale’ accused Jamie Dimon of making him a fall guy
7:41pGoodbye, Sean Spicer: Memorable Moments From the Podium  
7:18pHow to Fix Wall Street, and Bankers' Pay
6:59pAmazon, Whole Foods look to head off lengthy deal review
6:45pHawaii adopts emergency plan for North Korea missile attack
6:24p California Wildfire Destroys Homes Near Yosemite
6:20pSpicer Quits as Scaramucci Accepts White House Job
6:20pWhy you shouldn’t order ice on a flight, and other ‘dirty little secrets’ 
6:09pIf you’re reading this, you have a 19.3% chance of being rich
6:07p5 unfortunate reasons why millennials can’t have nice things (or save any money)
6:06pThis is the deadliest time of your life to put on weight
6:06pIf, like Sean Spicer, you suddenly walk out — what should you do next?
5:37pA History of Sears: Through Highs and Lows
5:13pAre you a money bully?
5:10pHow real-estate TV shows determine what home buyers look for and what to do if you decide to quit your job like Sean Spicer
5:07pBREAKINGWall Street's 'fear gauge'--the VIX--just logged its second-lowest close in history
5:06pWhy it might be time to invest in the companies Amazon is destroying
5:06pThis is what should really worry you about stocks
5:04pBeware of the curse of the number 7 in the stock market 
5:00pS&P 500, Nasdaq post weekly gains as stock market finishes session lower
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,580.07

-31.71
-0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,387.75

-2.25
-0.04%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.54

-0.91
-0.04%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15




















































	Depomed, Inc.































	         Linking U.S. Industry to the World!










































Quick Search






Search text is required.
Quick Search can only contain letters and numbers.











Search

U.S. Connectory
Portal - CA Innovation
Portal - San Bernardino County



























Depomed, Inc.




Depomed, Inc. is a specialty pharmaceutical company focused on enhancing pharmaceutical products.









                          Stock Symbol
                        



DEPO









                          Year Established
                        



1995









                          Web Site



www.depomedinc.com











                          Corporate Employees
                        



75-99










                          Industry Category / Asset Type
                        



Company - Manufacturing












                    Local Address & Phone
                  




1360 O'Brien Drive  
                          
                        [map]
Menlo Park, CA (California)  94025
San Mateo  County / Region 
United States





Phone
(650) 462-5900






Toll Free Phone
(866) 458-6389






Fax
(650) 462-9993













                    Key Personnel
                  






                              James A. 
                               Schoeneck
                              President/CEO
                              
															
                            



                              Kera 
                               Alexander
                              Administration and Human Resources
                              
															
                            



                              Tammy L.
                               Cameron
                              Vice President, Finance
                              
															
                            



                              Matthew M.
                               Gossling
                              Vice President and General Counsel
                              
															
                            











                    Industry Codes
                  








North American Industry Classification System







                                325411
                                  -  
                                Medicinal and Botanical Manufacturing
                              















                    Capabilities
                  






Applied Technology





AcuForm™











                    Products / Lines Carried
                  






Products





                              Glumetza®-Treatment for Type 2 Diabetes
                            

                              Proquin® XR- Treatment for Uncomplicated Urinary Tract Infections
                            











                    Staff Expertise






Educational Backgrounds





Mr. Schoeneck holds a B.S. degree in Education from Jacksonville State University.
Ms. Alexander received her Professional in Human Resources (PHR) certification in 2005.
Ms. Tammy Cameron is a Certified Public Accountant and holds a B.A. degree from California State University, East Bay.
Mr. Gosling received a J.D. degree from the University of Chicago and a B.A. degree from Trinity University.











                    Certifications
                  









Owner



Agency
Type
Number



                                         DLIS
                                        

                                          CCR
                                        

                                          CAGE# 4L3F5
                                        



                                         Federal SBA (Self Certified)
                                        

                                          SBP (Small Business Program)
                                        



 








                    Customer Base
                  









Industry Sector(s)






                            Defense/Military/National Security
                          

                            Drugs/Pharmaceuticals
                          

                            Government/Public Sector/Non-Profits
                          

                            Health Products & Services
                          










Geographic Area






                            Worldwide
                          





















Connectory Stats
24,253
companies are currently profiled on Connectory.com!


Add/Update Your Profile
Click here to add or update your profile.




San Diego East County Portal - the birthplace of Connectory.com



Connectory Sponsor














 


















The Connectory.com is a living application, and we anticipate several enhancements and content additions as the initiative unfolds. In the very near future, we will develop a "How-To" guide within the application that will help you get the most out of using the Connectory.com.
We provide technical support for the website at any time. Should any technical issues arise when using the site, please  or call (619)258-3670.






Home
      •  
    Portals
      •  
	Join / Login
	  •  
	Search
	  •  
	About Us
	  •  
	Resources
	  •  
	Contact Us
	  •  
	Site Map




Connectory.com is a project of the East County Economic Development Council
Copyright © 2017 San Diego East County EDC, all rights reserved.
CONNECTORY and CONNECTORY.COM are Registered (®) by San Diego East County EDC
 
























Depomed, Inc.





















About DepomedDepomed, Inc. is a specialty pharmaceutical company focused on products to treat pain and other central nervous system (CNS) conditions. The company currently markets FDA-approved products: NUCYNTA® ER (tapentadol) extended release tablets indicated, CII for the management of pain severe enough to require daily, around-the-clock, long-term opioid treatment and for which alternative treatment options are inadequate and in adult patients who have neuropathic pain associated with diabetic peripheral neuropathy (DPN) that is severe enough to require daily, around-the-clock, long-term opioid treatment and for which alternative treatment options are inadequate; NUCYNTA® (tapentadol) an immediate release version of tapentadol, is indicated for the management of moderate to severe acute pain in adults; Gralise® (gabapentin) tablets for the management of Postherpetic Neuralgia (PHN); Cambia® (diclofenac potassium for oral solution) for acute treatment of migraine attacks with or without aura in adults 18 years of age or older; Lazanda® (fentanyl) nasal spray CII for the management of breakthrough pain in cancer patients; and Zipsor® (diclofenac potassium) liquid filled capsules for relief of mild to moderate acute pain. See Important Safety Information for NUCYNTA ER, NUCYNTA, Gralise, Cambia, Lazanda, and Zipsor.
Depomed has recently acquired and is developing cebranopadol, a novel, Phase III ready, first-in-class analgesic for the treatment of moderate to severe chronic nociceptive and neuropathic pain.
In addition to its ability to develop and commercialize new drugs, Depomed also has successfully developed and licensed its unique drug-delivery technology, Acuform®. This patented oral-delivery technology allows for the targeted, extended release of pharmaceutical compounds into the upper gastrointestinal tract. We have licensed Acuform technology to six pharmaceutical partners, and the technology is currently being used in four marketed drugs, including NUCYNTA ER and Gralise.
The company’s strategy is to continue to identify, license and develop new products-that offer enhanced therapeutic options patient populations that may be underserved by existing therapies.





News

July 13, 2017

Depomed Announces Intent to Effect a Debt Refinancing

May 22, 2017

Depomed Announces Corporate Governance Updates

May 16, 2017

Depomed to Present at the UBS Global Healthcare Conference

May 9, 2017

Depomed Announces First Quarter 2017 Financial Results and Strategic Initiatives Aimed at Driving Sustainable Long-Term Growth and Shareholder Value

May 2, 2017

Depomed to Report First Quarter 2017 Financial Results on Tuesday, May 9, 2017



More News










Home


About Us


Products


Pipeline


Technology


Clinical Trials


Investors


Careers











Sitemap


Contact Us


A Growing Specialty Pharmaceutical Company





© Depomed, Inc.    All rights reserved



Terms of Use


Privacy Policy



Website design: Hane Chow Inc.

APL-DEP-0092 Rev. 3








 























































Depomed - 1360 Obrien Dr, Menlo Park, CA - Phone Number - Yelp

  





















                        Skip to Search Form
                    dxbqzzrqcyvvxdsq



                        Skip to Navigation
                    



                        Skip to Page Content
                    








Yelp











Find












Near
















                            Cancel
    









Search




































                    Sign Up
    



            Log In
        

























                            Login
    



                            Sign Up
    










About Me
            
















Talk
            




































            Restaurants

        











            Nightlife

        











            Home Services

        








            Write a Review

        






            Events

        






            Talk

        







            Log In
        











 











1360 Obrien DrMenlo Park, CA 94025


        (650) 462-5900
    






            Depomed
        






Unclaimed
        


This business has not yet been claimed by the owner or a representative.
Claim this business to view business statistics, receive messages from prospective customers, and respond to reviews.









        Add
        , Opens a popup

Add categories













Write a Review
    







            Add Photo
    






Share
, Opens a popup







Bookmark
, Opens a popup





















Get directions













































Swap start/end points
Start from












Start from
Swap start/end points











Depomed


        1360 Obrien Dr, Menlo Park, CA 94025
    




Get directions


























Edit




        1360 Obrien DrMenlo Park, CA 94025
    










Get Directions








Phone number

        (650) 462-5900
    






 
Business website
depomedinc.com









Send to your Phone











Is this your business?
Respond to reviews and customer messages.Claiming is free, and only takes a minute.
Claim This Business

























Ask the Community


                Yelp users haven’t asked any questions yet about Depomed.
            
Ask a Question













Rating



1 (Eek! Methinks not.)



2 (Meh. I've experienced better.)



3 (A-OK.)



4 (Yay! I'm a fan.)



5 (Woohoo! As good as it gets!)






                    Hey there trendsetter! You could be the first review for Depomed.
                





Is this your business?






Once you’ve claimed, you can:

Immediately update business information
Respond to reviews and customer messages
See the customer leads your business page generates
Monitor how many people view your business page

Claim This Business









Business info summary











Edit business info








            Hours
        





Add business hours
    


Browse nearby








Restaurants









Nightlife









Shopping









Show all











Rating Details





                    5 stars
                





0






                    4 stars
                





0






                    3 stars
                





0






                    2 stars
                





0






                    1 star
                





0





We calculate the overall star rating using only reviews that our automated software currently recommends. Learn more.




Text to Phone












                    Oops, looks like something’s wrong. Try again!
                


×














                    Are you a human? Please complete the bot challenge below.
                


×














Sent! Check your phone to view the link now!
                


×


















Depomed



Menlo Park, CA




Text a link to your phone so you can quickly get directions, see photos, and read reviews on the go!





+1






















Text Link


                            Your carrier’s rates may apply
                        

















About


About Yelp


Order Food on Eat24


Careers


Press


Investor Relations


Content Guidelines


Terms of Service


Privacy Policy


Ad Choices






Discover


The Local Yelp


Yelp Blog


Support


Yelp Mobile


Developers


RSS






Yelp for Business Owners


Claim your Business Page


Advertise on Yelp


Online Ordering from Eat24


Yelp Reservations


Business Success Stories


Business Support


Yelp Blog for Business Owners







Languages


















                Bahasa Malaysia (Malaysia)
        







                Čeština (Česká republika)
        







                Dansk (Danmark)
        







                Deutsch (Deutschland)
        





                Deutsch (Schweiz)
        





                Deutsch (Österreich)
        







                English (Australia)
        





                English (Belgium)
        





                English (Canada)
        





                English (Hong Kong)
        





                English (Malaysia)
        





                English (New Zealand)
        





                English (Philippines)
        





                English (Republic of Ireland)
        





                English (Singapore)
        





                English (Switzerland)
        





                English (United Kingdom)
        





                English (United States)
        







                Español (Argentina)
        





                Español (Chile)
        





                Español (España)
        





                Español (México)
        







                Filipino (Pilipinas)
        







                Français (Belgique)
        





                Français (Canada)
        





                Français (France)
        





                Français (Suisse)
        







                Italiano (Italia)
        





                Italiano (Svizzera)
        







                Nederlands (België)
        





                Nederlands (Nederland)
        







                Norsk (Norge)
        







                Polski (Polska)
        







                Português (Brasil)
        





                Português (Portugal)
        







                Suomi (Suomi)
        







                Svenska (Finland)
        





                Svenska (Sverige)
        







                Türkçe (Türkiye)
        







                日本語 (日本)
        







                繁體中文 (台灣)
        





                繁體中文 (香港)
        









Countries


















                Argentina
        







                Australia
        







                Austria
        







                Belgium
        







                Brazil
        







                Canada
        







                Chile
        







                Czech Republic
        







                Denmark
        







                Finland
        







                France
        







                Germany
        







                Hong Kong
        







                Italy
        







                Japan
        







                Malaysia
        







                Mexico
        







                New Zealand
        







                Norway
        







                Philippines
        







                Poland
        







                Portugal
        







                Republic of Ireland
        







                Singapore
        







                Spain
        







                Sweden
        







                Switzerland
        







                Taiwan
        







                The Netherlands
        







                Turkey
        







                United Kingdom
        







                United States
        













Site Map

Atlanta
Austin
Boston
Chicago
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Honolulu
Houston
Los Angeles
Miami
Minneapolis
New York
Philadelphia
Portland
Sacramento
San Diego
San Francisco
San Jose
Seattle
Washington, DC
More Cities






About


Blog


Support


Terms





            Copyright © 2004–2017 Yelp Inc. Yelp, ,  and related marks are registered trademarks of Yelp.
    


















































Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.


