Derma Sciences , Inc. Competitors and Products in the Medical Equipment and Supplies Directory   Medical Equipment and Supplies DirectoryDerma Sciences , Inc.Derma Sciences , Inc. Rating: 0 -  Write A Review 0214 Carnegie Center, Suite 300Princeton, NJ 08540About Derma Sciences , Inc.Derma Sciences, Inc. is a specialty medical device / pharmaceutical company focused on developing novel and technologically advanced wound care products that address every stage of a patient’s wound management needs. Our full portfolio of products includes our market leading MEDIHONEY® Wound and Burn Dressings, XTRASORB® Super Absorbent Dressings, BIOGUARD® Barrier Dressings, ALGICELL® Ag Silver Antimicrobial Alginate Dressings, and TCC-EZ Total Contact Casting.Competitors of Derma Sciences , Inc.Dynarex CorporationDynarex was established in 1967 and has evolved into one of the foremost healthcare industry’s leading manufacturers of disposable medical products. We have thousands of distributor partners in all 50 states as well as Canada, Europe and South America. Our manufacturing facilities are found in... Read More Send an email Email Sent 8 products Write a reviewDealmed Medical Supplies LLCDealmed is a leader in medical supplies distribution. We provide medical supplies, medical equipment, drugs, vaccines, and specialty medical products and services. Our mission is simple: We make it our business to understand how the products we sell impact patients’ lives everyday. At Dealmed... Read More Send an email Email Sent 20 products Write a reviewJohnson & JohnsonCaring for the world, one person at a time, inspires and unites the people of Johnson & Johnson. We embrace innovation—bringing ideas, products and services to life to advance the health and well-being of people around the world. We believe in collaboration, and that has led to breakthrough... Read More Send an email Email Sent 3 products Write a review×Rate and Review Derma Sciences , Inc.     Click on a star to rate this companyRating is requiredYour AssociationCustomerPartnerSupplierOther Name, Title, Company  Post anonymouslyYour Comments When writing a review, please adhere to the Review Guidelines.     Thanks for submitting your review of Derma Sciences , Inc.. We'll email you as soon as it's published, (typically within 48 hours). We really value your contributions, and so does our community of business professionals. They count on honest reviews like yours.Thanks for submitting your review of Derma Sciences , Inc..We'll email you as soon as it's published, (typically within 48 hours).We really value your contributions, and so does our community of business professionals. They count on honest reviews like yours.Close×Rate and Review Dynarex Corporation     Click on a star to rate this companyRating is requiredYour AssociationCustomerPartnerSupplierOther Name, Title, Company  Post anonymouslyYour Comments When writing a review, please adhere to the Review Guidelines.     Thanks for submitting your review of Dynarex Corporation. We'll email you as soon as it's published, (typically within 48 hours). We really value your contributions, and so does our community of business professionals. They count on honest reviews like yours.Thanks for submitting your review of Dynarex Corporation.We'll email you as soon as it's published, (typically within 48 hours).We really value your contributions, and so does our community of business professionals. They count on honest reviews like yours.Close×Contact Dynarex Corporation Your Name Email Address Your Job FunctionAdministrationCEO/President/ OwnerCFOCIO/CTOConsultantCustomer ServiceEngineer/ProgrammerFacilities/OperationsFinance ManagerFinance StaffGeneral ManagerHuman ResourcesIS/ IT StaffIS/IT ManagementMarketing ManagerMarketing StaffOtherPartner/PrincipalPurchasing ManagerSales Dev.Sales Dev. ManagerVP/Senior Manager Your Company Subject Line Message
I saw your company in the Medical Equipment and Supplies Directory and would like to have someone contact me.     Information Requested.Close×Rate and Review Dealmed Medical Supplies LLC     Click on a star to rate this companyRating is requiredYour AssociationCustomerPartnerSupplierOther Name, Title, Company  Post anonymouslyYour Comments When writing a review, please adhere to the Review Guidelines.     Thanks for submitting your review of Dealmed Medical Supplies LLC. We'll email you as soon as it's published, (typically within 48 hours). We really value your contributions, and so does our community of business professionals. They count on honest reviews like yours.Thanks for submitting your review of Dealmed Medical Supplies LLC.We'll email you as soon as it's published, (typically within 48 hours).We really value your contributions, and so does our community of business professionals. They count on honest reviews like yours.Close×Contact Dealmed Medical Supplies LLC Your Name Email Address Your Job FunctionAdministrationCEO/President/ OwnerCFOCIO/CTOConsultantCustomer ServiceEngineer/ProgrammerFacilities/OperationsFinance ManagerFinance StaffGeneral ManagerHuman ResourcesIS/ IT StaffIS/IT ManagementMarketing ManagerMarketing StaffOtherPartner/PrincipalPurchasing ManagerSales Dev.Sales Dev. ManagerVP/Senior Manager Your Company Subject Line Message
I saw your company in the Medical Equipment and Supplies Directory and would like to have someone contact me.     Information Requested.Close×Rate and Review Johnson & Johnson     Click on a star to rate this companyRating is requiredYour AssociationCustomerPartnerSupplierOther Name, Title, Company  Post anonymouslyYour Comments When writing a review, please adhere to the Review Guidelines.     Thanks for submitting your review of Johnson & Johnson. We'll email you as soon as it's published, (typically within 48 hours). We really value your contributions, and so does our community of business professionals. They count on honest reviews like yours.Thanks for submitting your review of Johnson & Johnson.We'll email you as soon as it's published, (typically within 48 hours).We really value your contributions, and so does our community of business professionals. They count on honest reviews like yours.Close×Contact Johnson & Johnson Your Name Email Address Your Job FunctionAdministrationCEO/President/ OwnerCFOCIO/CTOConsultantCustomer ServiceEngineer/ProgrammerFacilities/OperationsFinance ManagerFinance StaffGeneral ManagerHuman ResourcesIS/ IT StaffIS/IT ManagementMarketing ManagerMarketing StaffOtherPartner/PrincipalPurchasing ManagerSales Dev.Sales Dev. ManagerVP/Senior Manager Your Company Subject Line Message
I saw your company in the Medical Equipment and Supplies Directory and would like to have someone contact me.     Information Requested.Close×Sign up for full directory site access or loginLogin or sign upForgot PasswordLinkedIn user?You can use your LinkedIn account to login to Medical Equipment and Supplies Directory. Login with LinkedInEmail AddressPasswordInvalid username or password    Forgot PasswordPrivacy Policy | Terms of UseLinkedIn user?You can use your LinkedIn account to sign up for Medical Equipment and Supplies Directory. Sign up with LinkedInNameEmail AddressJob FunctionAdministrationCEO/President/ OwnerCFOCIO/CTOConsultantCustomer ServiceEngineer/ProgrammerFacilities/OperationsFinance ManagerFinance StaffGeneral ManagerHuman ResourcesIS/ IT StaffIS/IT ManagementMarketing ManagerMarketing StaffOtherPartner/PrincipalPurchasing ManagerSales Dev.Sales Dev. ManagerVP/Senior Manager Company NamePasswordAccount already exists. Please login with correct username and password.Privacy Policy | Terms of UseForgot Your Password? Enter the email address on your account. We will email you information to reset your password. LoginEmail Address


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









  Derma sciences products | HealthLane                              Health Care    Skin Care    Cosmetics    Personal Care    Oral Care    Vision Care    Others                              All Categories     >     derma sciences products               |     Sort by:     Best Match                      Xtrasorb Super-Absorbent Non-Adhesive Dressing ''6 X 9 , 1 Count''     $14.07    Walmart.com                DERMA SCIENCES, INC 86322 - Xtrasorb Non Adhesive Hydrogel Colloidal Dressi     $7.00    Medical Mega                Derma Sciences Xtrasorb Super-absorbent Dressing 6'' X 9'' Non-adhesive-10/box     $72.55    eBay                Derma Sciences NG50B Nasal Tube Fastener, Adult Size (Pack of 1000)     $248.97    Amazon                DERMA SCIENCES, INC 31012 Medihoney Calcium Alginate Dressing, 3/4" Width x 12" Le...     $48.66    Amazon Marketplace                DERMA SCIENCES, INC MEDIHONEY Wound & Burn Dressing 1.50 oz     $19.52    Walmart.com                DERMA SCIENCES, INC "Derma Sciences 31505 Derma Science Medihoney Dressing, Sterile"     $7.20    Medical Mega                DERMA SCIENCES, INC 2" X 3" Fabric Adhesive Bandaids Bandages Flexible 1000 Band A...     $94.45    eBay                DERMA SCIENCES, INC GL712 - Surgilast Tubular Elastic Dressing Retainer, Size 11, ...     $39.95    Amazon Marketplace                Wound and Burn Dressing MEDIHONEY Gel 1.5 oz. Tube Sterile, 1 Tube     $23.36    Walmart.com                DERMA SCIENCES, INC "Derma Sciences 1000b - Glen-sleeve Ii Protector, Hand, Wrist,...     $16.89    Medical Mega                DERMA SCIENCES, INC 500 Pcs Fabric Sterile Band-aid Flexible Bandage Latex Free Ad...     $54.85    eBay                DERMA SCIENCES, INC 31622 Medihoney Dressing Hydrogel Colloidal Sheet, Non-Adhesiv...     $45.42    Amazon                DERMA SCIENCES, INC Surgilast Tubular Elastic Dressing Retainer 25 Yd Stretched Wh...     $9.04    BettyMills.com                Derma Sciences BA5010 Bandnet, Stretched, 10-50 yd     $44.45    Amazon                DERMA SCIENCES, INC "Derma Sciences 86266 - Xtrasorb Adhesive Foam Dressing With ,...     $16.00    Medical Mega                Derma Sciences GL232 Surgitube and SurgiGrip Tubular Gauze Metal Cage Applicator, ...     $34.05    Amazon Marketplace                Derma Sciences Calcium Alginate Dressing, 2" X 2", Box Of 10     $56.23    eBay                DERMA SCIENCES, INC MEDIHONEY Wound & Burn Dressing 1.50 oz     $13.59    Walmart.com                DERMA SCIENCES, INC GLK10 Tubular Elastic Support Bandage, Trunk, Medium Size, 8" ...     $112.29    Amazon                DERMA SCIENCES, INC 31222 - Medihoney Hydrocolloid Dressing Without 2 X 2     $64.80    Medical Mega                DERMA SCIENCES, INC GL227 Tubular Gauze Metal Cage Applicator Set, 1, 2, 3 Size     $100.52    Amazon Marketplace                DERMA SCIENCES, INC 900 Pcs Fabric Sterile Band-aid Flexible Bandage Latex Free Ad...     $88.15    eBay                DERMA SCIENCES, INC GL-708 BANDAGE, ELAS NET SURGILAST SZ7     $7.99    Walmart.com                Derma Sciences 31045 Medihoney Calcium Alginate Dressing, 4" Width x 5" Length (Pa...     $114.86    Amazon                DERMA SCIENCES, INC NG50 NG Strip Nasal Tube Fastener, Adult (Pack of 50)     $42.78    Amazon Marketplace                Dermasciences "Derma Sciences / Dumex 84916 - Drain Sponge Nonwoven 4x4,6 Ply,ster...     $6.52    Medical Mega                DERMA SCIENCES, INC 2" X 4" Plastic Adhesive Bandages Flexible Bandaid 1200 Band A...     $98.05    eBay                Peanuts Spot Bandages - Derma Sciences Item #1307538 - 1 Box of 100 Bandages     $10.59    Walmart.com                DERMA SCIENCES, INC GL252 Surgitube Cotton Tubular Gauze, Large Finger, Toe, White...     $16.75    Amazon Marketplace                DERMA SCIENCES, INC 31012 Medihoney Calcium Alginate Dressing, 3/4" Width x 12" Le...     $48.81    Amazon                Derma Sciences Xtrasorb Super-Absorbent Dressing ''6 x 9 , 10 Count, Sterile''     $73.25    Walmart.com                DERMA SCIENCES, INC GL232 Surgitube and SurgiGrip Tubular Gauze Metal Cage Applica...     $18.16    Amazon                DERMA SCIENCES, INC 86344 - Xtrasorb Non Adhesive Hydrogel Colloidal Dressi     $11.00    Medical Mega                DERMA SCIENCES, INC gran B Hydrophilic Wound Dressings: 4" X 4" Impregnated Gauze ...     $55.95    eBay                Derma Sciences SSBWCDS1 Silverseal Acute Burn Gloves, Small Size     $132.42    Amazon                First Aid Sheer Bandages, Spot 7/8" 500 pieces MS-20260     $19.76    Walmart.com                DERMA SCIENCES, INC 31744 Medihoney Dressing Hydrogel Colloidal Sheet, Adhesive, 4...     $64.60    Amazon Marketplace                DERMA SCIENCES, INC 31022 Medihoney Calcium Alginate Dressing 2" X 2" - Box Of 10     $49.95    eBay                DERMA SCIENCES, INC MEDIHONEY Calcium Alginate Dressing, 2" x 2", Box of 10     $40.09    Amazon Marketplace               1  2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10  11+              Related Searches   derma roller  ,  derma roller kit  ,  cardiac science  ,  microneedle derma roller  ,  derma pen  ,  the science of cooking  ,  derma rolling  ,  derma wand  ,  glo science  ,  micro needle derma roller  ,  a-derma  , more ...   derma e scar gel  ,  derma topix  ,  derma e microdermabrasion scrub  ,  derma e skin care  ,  derma+wand  ,  vetri science  ,  derma+e  ,  derma-gel  ,  derma wand kit  ,  science wiz  ,  derma needle roller  ,  micro derma roller  ,  derma roller cellulite            Refine search    All Categories        Health & Beauty   (1959)     • Personal Care   (70)   • Cosmetics   (58)   • Skin Care   (48)   • Health Care   (1753)   • First Aid   (1690)   • Medical Tape & Bandages   (1683)    By Brand        DERMA SCIENCES, INC   (1425)     Band-Aid   (60)     GE   (34)     Dermasciences   (32)     Medihoney   (19)     Dynarex   (6)     Surgitube   (5)     ReliaMed   (4)     Efficient Networks   (3)     Derma-E   (2)     Dermagran   (2)     Dermarite   (2)     McKesson   (2)     AliMed   (1)     Bioguard   (1)     Western Medical   (1)     Yosoo   (1)       By Price        Under $150       $150 - $350       $350 - $550       $550 - $1,000       $1,000 - $2,600       Over $2,600         By Seller        eBay   (251)     Walmart.com   (516)     Overstock.com   (5)     Pricefalls.com   (123)     Amazon Marketplace   (379)     Amazon   (628)     Medical Mega   (50)     BettyMills.com   (7)                        Nextag makes reasonable efforts to maintain the accuracy of product and pricing information displayed on our site, and we do not guarantee that any information is correct. If pricing or product information is different than on the store's site, then the information on the store's site will apply. Nextag cannot be held liable for any actions taken based on the information provided and Nextag shall not be held responsible for any loss or damage resulting from business conducted with companies listed at Nextag. Nextag is compensated by merchants whose products are displayed. Refer to our Terms of Use and Help for complete details. To report a pricing error, click here.   © 2014-2015 Nextag, Inc.|About|Contact Us|Terms Of Use|Privacy PolicyWe make reasonable efforts to maintain the accuracy of product and pricing information displayed on our site. In the event of a discrepancy, the information on the store's site will apply. We encourage you to report any errors you find. We are not liable for any actions taken nor responsible for any loss or damage resulting from business conducted with listed companies. We are compensated by merchants whose products are displayed. For complete details, see our Terms of Use.                        Derma Sciences Products | HealthLane                               Health Care    Skin Care    Cosmetics    Personal Care    Oral Care    Vision Care    Others                              All Categories     >     Derma Sciences Products               |     Sort by:     Best Match                      DERMA SCIENCES, INC NG50 NG Strip Nasal Tube Fastener, Adult (Pack of 50)     $18.22    Amazon                DERMA SCIENCES, INC NG40 Nasal Tube Fastener, Pediatric Size (Pack of 40)     $64.11    Amazon Marketplace                DERMA SCIENCES, INC 705 - Ssurgilast Tubular Elastic Bandage Retainer 15 Wo     $16.50    Medical Mega                DERMA SCIENCES, INC Surgigrip Elastic Support Bandage Stretch Cotton Knit 11 Yd Box     $34.99    eBay                DERMA SCIENCES, INC Petrolatum Impregnated Gauze, Sterile, 1 x 36 -Box of 12     $23.93    Walmart.com                Derma Sciences AWCAOPEQ490020 Esmark Bandages, Sterile, 4" x 9' (Pack of 20)     $137.50    Amazon                DERMA SCIENCES, INC GL209 Cotton Tubular Gauze, Fingers, Toes, Size 2, 50 yd Roll,...     $26.34    Amazon Marketplace                Dermasciences "Derma Sciences / Dumex 82910 - Ducare Gauze Drn/spng, 4 X 4, 12 Ply...     $5.25    Medical Mega                DERMA SCIENCES, INC Medihoney Calcium Alginate Wound Dressings 2" X 2" 31022, 10 Ct     $40.00    eBay                Medihoney Calcium Alginate Dressing with Manuka/Leptospermum Honey 2'' x 2'', Box ...     $48.76    Walmart.com                DERMA SCIENCES, INC 72414 Dufore 4-Layer Bandaging System (Pack of 8)     $179.99    Amazon                DERMA SCIENCES, INC 84122 Dusoft Non-Woven Sponge, Sterile, 2" Width x 2" Length, ...     $46.80    Amazon                DERMA SCIENCES, INC 85144 Primacol Hydrocolloid Dressing, Sterile, 4" Width x 4" L...     $237.94    Amazon                DERMA SCIENCES, INC 31744 Medihoney Dressing Hydrogel Colloidal Sheet, Adhesive, 4...     $724.56    Amazon                DERMA SCIENCES, INC 31022 Medihoney Calcium Alginate Dressing, 2" Width x 2" Lengt...     $478.72    Amazon                Derma Sciences SSWCD0408 Silverseal Antimicrobial Wound Contact Dressing, 4" x 8" ...     $249.58    Amazon                Derma Sciences 83323 Primapad Non-Adherent Absorbent Pad, Sterile, 2" Width x 3" L...     $95.58    Amazon                Derma Sciences AWCAABFV2UD012 Soft Flexible Fabric Band-Aid, AWC Spot 100, 2" (Pac...     $41.23    Amazon                Derma Sciences 1213 Laparotomy Sponges, Prewashed, X-Ray Detectable, Sterile, 12" ...     $134.95    Amazon                DERMA SCIENCES, INC GL707 Surgilast Tubular Elastic Dressing Retainer, Medium Head...     $15.21    Amazon Marketplace                DERMA SCIENCES, INC 79404 Cotton Stockinette, 4" x 25 yd     $16.45    Amazon                DERMA SCIENCES, INC S10716Z Shampoo and Body Wash, 16 oz Bottle (Pack of 12)     $44.49    Amazon                DERMA SCIENCES, INC 86233 XTRASORB Foam Super Absorbent Dressing, Adhesive, 3.2" W...     $213.86    Amazon Marketplace                Derma Sciences PEAASSPYT3D012 Peanuts Dressing, 100 Ct, Snoopy Patch, 3/4" (Pack o...     $37.73    Amazon                Derma Sciences FABAAS1GM2D012 Adhesive Bandage Glitter Stat Strips and Star (Pack ...     $40.23    Amazon                DERMA SCIENCES, INC GL231 Tubular Gauze Metal Cage Applicator, 1-Medium Size     $46.43    Amazon Marketplace                Derma Sciences S201-8Z Perineal Spray Skin Cleanser, 8 oz Bottle (Pack of 24)     $89.15    Amazon Marketplace                Derma Sciences GL1000WP Glen-Sleeve II Latex Free Padded Hand, Wrist/Arm Protector...     $179.85    Amazon                DERMA SCIENCES, INC 84344 Sorbacell Foam Dressing without Film Backing, Sterile, 4...     $195.78    Amazon Marketplace                DERMA SCIENCES, INC GL4001 Primer Modified Unna Boot Compression Bandage, 3" Width...     $48.33    Amazon                DERMA SCIENCES, INC CS50 Cath-Strip Reclosable Catheter Fastener (Pack of 50)     $46.04    Amazon                Derma Sciences 69202 Primaderm Wound Cleanser, Non-Sterile, 118 ml Spray Bottle (P...     $76.02    Amazon Marketplace                Derma Sciences 50100 Wet Dressing, 8" x 4", 12-ply (Pack of 96)     $192.72    Amazon                DERMA SCIENCES, INC 79403 Cotton Stockinette, 3" x 25 yd     $18.65    Amazon Marketplace                DERMA SCIENCES, INC DH03 Dermagran Amorphous Hydrogel Wound Dressing, 3 oz Tube (P...     $79.95    Amazon Marketplace                Derma Sciences AWCASSKST3D012 Circus Print Stat Adhesive Bandage, 3/4" (Pack of 12)     $35.23    Amazon                DERMA SCIENCES, INC 88522 Algicell Ag Calcium Alginate Dressing, 2" Width x 2" Len...     $226.77    Amazon Marketplace                Derma Sciences 94416 Dupaque X-Ray Detectable Woven Gauze Sponge, Non-Sterile, 4" ...     $222.44    Amazon                DERMA SCIENCES, INC GLL10 Tubular Elastic Support Bandage, Trunk, Large Size, 12.7...     $127.65    Amazon                DERMA SCIENCES, INC "Derma Sciences S5111g - Hardsurface/whirlpool Detergent/disin...     $22.29    Medical Mega                1 2 3  4 5 6 7 8 9 10  11+              Related Searches   derma roller  ,  derma roller kit  ,  cardiac science  ,  microneedle derma roller  ,  derma pen  ,  the science of cooking  ,  derma rolling  ,  derma wand  ,  glo science  ,  micro needle derma roller  ,  a-derma  , more ...   derma e scar gel  ,  derma topix  ,  derma e microdermabrasion scrub  ,  derma e skin care  ,  derma+wand  ,  vetri science  ,  derma+e  ,  derma-gel  ,  derma wand kit  ,  science wiz  ,  derma needle roller  ,  micro derma roller  ,  derma roller cellulite            Refine search    All Categories        Health & Beauty   (1959)     • Personal Care   (70)   • Cosmetics   (58)   • Skin Care   (48)   • Health Care   (1753)   • First Aid   (1690)   • Medical Tape & Bandages   (1683)    By Brand        DERMA SCIENCES, INC   (1425)     Band-Aid   (60)     GE   (34)     Dermasciences   (32)     Medihoney   (19)     Dynarex   (6)     Surgitube   (5)     ReliaMed   (4)     Efficient Networks   (3)     Derma-E   (2)     Dermagran   (2)     Dermarite   (2)     McKesson   (2)     AliMed   (1)     Bioguard   (1)     Western Medical   (1)     Yosoo   (1)       By Price        Under $150       $150 - $350       $350 - $550       $550 - $1,000       $1,000 - $2,600       Over $2,600         By Seller        eBay   (251)     Walmart.com   (516)     Overstock.com   (5)     Pricefalls.com   (123)     Amazon Marketplace   (379)     Amazon   (628)     Medical Mega   (50)     BettyMills.com   (7)                        Nextag makes reasonable efforts to maintain the accuracy of product and pricing information displayed on our site, and we do not guarantee that any information is correct. If pricing or product information is different than on the store's site, then the information on the store's site will apply. Nextag cannot be held liable for any actions taken based on the information provided and Nextag shall not be held responsible for any loss or damage resulting from business conducted with companies listed at Nextag. Nextag is compensated by merchants whose products are displayed. Refer to our Terms of Use and Help for complete details. To report a pricing error, click here.   © 2014-2015 Nextag, Inc.|About|Contact Us|Terms Of Use|Privacy PolicyWe make reasonable efforts to maintain the accuracy of product and pricing information displayed on our site. In the event of a discrepancy, the information on the store's site will apply. We encourage you to report any errors you find. We are not liable for any actions taken nor responsible for any loss or damage resulting from business conducted with listed companies. We are compensated by merchants whose products are displayed. For complete details, see our Terms of Use.                      































About Derma Sciences Inc. | Derma Sciences




































Skip to main content















United States
Canada
Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA)
Asia, Pacific and Latin America (APLA)






Derma Sciences Regions Map

Select your location from over 190 countries where Derma Sciences operates.

























Toggle navigation































header for about us



 
 




 

 







Please contact us
General Info +

609-514-4744
1-800-825-4325

Customer Service +

cs@dermasciences.com
1-800-825-4325, Prompt 2

Reimbursement +

1-877-444-1122, Option 3
Fax: 1-888-807-0571
email reimbursement
Download Integra Reimbursement Hotline Card



 

 




About Derma Sciences Inc.								









Tissue Regeneration in Wound Care Across the Spectrum
Derma Sciences is a Tissue Regeneration Company at the forefront of research and innovation for the management of acute and chronic wounds, and burns. The products we bring to the market are in the best tradition of evidence-based medicine, helping clinicians around the world improve clinical outcomes.
With you in mind, our portfolio has grown to provide clinicians with solutions to assist with tissue regeneration - from the start of a wound through to wound closure. From MEDIHONEY®, to XTRASORB®, to BIOGUARD®, ALGICELL® Ag, TCC-EZ® and now, AMNIOEXCEL® and AMNIOMATRIX®, our intelligent, evidence-based products help to advance healing for patients suffering from complex chronic or acute wounds such as diabetic foot ulcers, venous leg ulcers, pressure ulcers and burns. 


Download Derma Sciences Advanced Wound Care Brochure 
 

 


Company Highlights




 Save The Date November 29th: TCC and Post-Surgical Use - Fireside Chat with Dr. Jeffrey Jensen, DPM, FACFAS        -   
    22 November 2016 

Join us for an interactive Fireside Chat with Dr. Jeffrey Jensen DPM FACFAS. Dr. Jensen will be focusing on specific topics each session that range from an introduction to Total Contact Casting (TCC) to using TCC with advanced therapies to manage hard to heal wounds. 30 minute presentation followed by 15 minute Q&A.

 read more...  

 Best Practices for Treating DFUs        -   
    25 May 2016 

In this webcast, Dr. Snyder will review the evidence and best practices supporting the use of advanced modalities in the treatment of Diabetic Foot Ulcers (DFUs) to help save limbs while reducing cost. He will lead you through the latest published studies on the use of amniotic allografts for the protection and closure of chronic wounds and compare the pivotal Randomized Controlled Trials (RCTs) for the leading products. 

 read more...  

 Reimbursement Info Posted for AMNIOEXCEL Amniotic Allograft Membrane        -   
    12 April 2016 

Working with customers, the Derma Sciences Reimbursement Hotline has secured individual coverage  approvals of AMNIOEXCEL® for use on chronic wounds from the following health plans: Medicare Advantage Plans and First Health Network. If you have patients who may benefit from use of AMNIOEXCEL®, and would like assistance with verifying benefits or the preauthorization process...

 read more...  

 Multicenter RCT demonstrates AMNIOEXCEL® + SOC significantly increases the closure of chronic Diabetic Foot Ulcers        -   
    7 March 2016 

Derma Sciences, Inc. (Nasdaq:DSCI), a tissue regeneration company focused on advanced wound and burn care, announces that a peer-reviewed comparative clinical study of AMNIOEXCEL® Amniotic Allograft Membrane plus standard-of-care (SOC), compared with SOC alone, for the closure of hard-to-treat diabetic foot ulcers, has been published. The results are statistically significant and clinically meaningful, with the closure rate at six weeks in the AMNIOEXCEL® plus SOC treatment arm far exceeding the SOC alone treatment arm.

 read more...  

 Use of Advanced Amniotic Tissue Products        -   
    8 December 2015 

The goal of this webinar is to review consensus guidelines and evidence-based medicine in the treatment of diabetic foot ulcers (DFUs) and other non-healing wounds. We will discuss the best time to initiate advanced therapeutics and clinical protocol for wound preparation. We will also review the science behind novel amniotic tissue products. 

 read more...  

Load more Highlights


 


























































TCC-EZ | Derma Sciences






































Skip to main content















United States
Canada
Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA)
Asia, Pacific and Latin America (APLA)






Derma Sciences Regions Map

Select your location from over 190 countries where Derma Sciences operates.

























Toggle navigation















Products
Novel Technologies
TCC-EZ
 















TCC header image



 
 




 

 











tools/applications




Please contact us
General Info +

609-514-4744
1-800-825-4325

Customer Service +

cs@dermasciences.com
1-800-825-4325

Reimbursement +

1-800-474-9511
Fax: 1-844-868-0930
email reimbursement
Download PDF Form




 

 




TCC-EZ								









 



It's Time to Heal with TCC-EZ® Healing Chamber™







About TCC-EZ®







Total Contact Casting is recognized as the Gold Standard of Care for off-loading a diabetic foot ulcer1-23.
A Next Generation Total Contact Cast
TCC-EZ® is a revolutionary Total Contact Cast system offering a one-piece, roll-on, woven design that simplifies the application process when compared to a traditional total contact cast. The result of this technology is a total contact cast that can be applied in under 10 minutes while providing greater patient comfort17,22.
TCC-EZ® creates a natural healing chamber that allows active wound healing and provides a safe environment for the foot, halting the cycle of the diabetic foot ulcer which could eventually lead to amputation if not treated appropriately.  Click here to find out more about the TCC-EZ® Healing Chamber™.





Video of Vid3GaFge5g







Download Product Brochure 




 








TCC-EZ® Products


MedE-Kast® Products








 

 

 





View TCC-EZ Products 










 

 





View MedE-Kast Products 









 


Testimonials











TCC-EZ® is amazing – it’s in a different league of treatment. The flexibility and movement I had was great, sometimes I didn’t know I had it on! After the first two days we were astounded at how quickly the ulcer healed. This treatment has worked wonders for me. You’ve got to try this system if you have a diabetic foot ulcer that’s related to pressure. It’s made a big difference to my life.
Nigel Brooke
View Patient Testimonial




 










Total contact casting, and more specifically TCC-EZ®, is one of the best weapons I have in my arsenal when I’m fighting diabetic foot ulcers!
Lee C. Rogers, DPM
Medical Director, Amputation Prevention Center, Sherman Oaks Hospital
View Testimonial by Lee Rogers, DPM and his patient Stephen Furst




 










Being told that I could lose my foot was a  wake-up call...learning that there was a solution, like TCC-EZ®, allowed me to continue to do the things that were important to me, and that made  all the difference.
Stephen Furst
Actor/Producer/Director
View Testimonial online




 










I found in my practice that the TCC-EZ® is the most efficient product to use because of the short amount of time it takes to be applied
Neil Donohue, DPM, FACFAS
View Testimonial online




 










I after almost 20 years of treating patients and doling clinical research I invented the TCC-EZ® System to overcome some of the barriers that have traditionally prevented clinicians from providing TCC.  While experts have agreed that TCC is the gold standard of care for off-loading Diabetic Foot Ulcers  most clinician have not been able to provide it in their clinics.  With the easy and quick application of TCC-EZ® now everyone can use this system.
Jeffery Jensen, DPM, FACFAS
Director of Research Barry University School of Podiatric Medicine




 











 








TCC-EZ® Webinars


Videos















TCC-EZ® Healing Chamber: Creating an optimal environment for active wound healing
Presenter: Jeffrey Jensen, DPM, FACFAS


    date of video  

    October 5, 2015  

    video length:
  

    17min 40sec  

While Total Contact Casting is widely accepted as the gold standard1,2,3 or preferred method4 to off-load the diabetic foot ulcer, it is vastly underutilized.3 This is despite the fact that the total contact cast has been shown in numerous studies to have the fastest and most consistent healing1,2 and is shown to greatly reduce amputation and infection rates.3
In this webcast you will learn not only the history and evidence for the Total Contact Cast and what is happening under the cast, but also ways to stop the wound from escalating and help improve diabetic foot ulcer healing in your practice.





Video of ttzNWe-KvrU



Download Video 






 





View more Webinars and Videos 










    view first video  








    date of video  

    November 25th, 2015  

    video length:
  

    3min 22sec  

A case study with Nigel Brooke, diabetic foot ulcer patient and Lead Podiatrist Sarah May Poppleton from South West Yorkshire Partnership NHS Foundation Trust.
Type 2 diabetic Nigel Brooke, 48, from Royston could have faced the prospect of amputation to his lower limbs due to the effects of a diabetic foot ulcer but is now back on his feet after just four weeks thanks to a new total contact cast technology being pioneered in Barnsley.
Lead Podiatrist Sarah May Poppleton suggested a new type of total contact cast called the TCC-EZ® – a Total Contact Casting system. Total Contact Casting is considered the gold standard of care for off-loading diabetic foot ulcers.
The TCC-EZ®, from DermaSciences Europe, is a one-piece, roll-on, woven cast that can be applied in just ten minutes by the podiatrist. It works by promoting healing of the wound by minimizing pressure and friction, as the TCC-EZ® redistributes the weight away from the wounds, meaning it can heal even while the patient is walking.






Video of YOOjXiPz4tE








 

View All TCC Videos










 







References 




1. Armstrong DG, et al. Off-loading the diabetic foot wound. Diabetes Care 24:1019-1022, 2001 2. Bloomgarden ZT: American Diabetes Association 60th Scientific Sessions, 2000. Diabetes Care 24:946-951, 2001. 3. Coleman W, Brand PW, Birke JA: The total contact cast, a therapy for plantar ulceration on insensitive feet. J Am Podiatr Med Assoc 74:548 –552, 1984.  4. Helm PA, Walker SC, Pulliam G: Total contact casting in diabetic patients with neuropathic foot ulcerations. Arch Phys Med Rehabil 65:691– 693, 1984.  5. Baker RE: Total contact casting. J Am Podiatr Med Assoc 85:172–176, 1995 6. Sinacore DR, Mueller MJ, Diamond JE: Diabetic plantar ulcers treated by total contact casting. Phys Ther 67:1543–1547,1987 7. Myerson M, Papa J, Eaton K, Wilson K: The total contact cast for management of neuropathic plantar ulceration of the foot. J Bone Joint Surg 74A:261–269, 1992 8. Walker SC, Helm PA, Pulliam G: Chronic diabetic neuropathic foot ulcerations and total contact casting: healing effectiveness and outcome probability (Abstract). Arch Phys Med Rehabil 66:574, 1985 9. Mueller MJ, Diamond JE, Sinacore DR, Delitto A, Blair VPD, Drury DA, Rose SJ: Total contact casting in treatment of diabetic plantar ulcers: controlled clinical trial. Diabetes Care 12:384 –388, 1989 10. Liang PW, Cogley DI, Klenerman L: Neuropathic ulcers treated by total contact casts. J Bone Joint Surg 74B:133–136, 1991 11. Walker SC, Helm PA, Pulliam G: Total contact casting and chronic diabetic neuropathic foot ulcerations: healing rates by wound location. Arch Phys Med Rehabil 68:217–221, 1987 12. Armstrong DG, Lavery LA, Bushman TR: Peak foot pressures influence the healing time of diabetic foot ulcers treated with total contact casts. J Rehabil Res Dev 35: 1–5, 1998 13. Lavery LA, Vela SA, Lavery DC, Quebedeaux TL: Reducing dynamic foot pressures in high-risk diabetic subjects with foot ulcerations: a comparison of treatments. Diabetes Care 19:818–821, 1996 14. Lavery LA, Armstrong DG, Walker SC: Healing rates of diabetic foot ulcers associated with midfoot fracture due to Charcot’s arthropathy. Diabet Med 14:46–49, 1997 15. Lavery LA, Vela SA, Lavery DC, Quebedeaux TL: Total contact casts: pressure reduction at ulcer sites and the effect on the contralateral foot. Arch Phys Med Rehabil 78:1268–1271, 1997. 16. Fife CE; Carter MJ, Walker D: Why is it so hard to do the right thing in wound care? Wound Rep Reg 18: 154–158, 2010. 17. Jensen J, Jaakola E, Gillin B, et al: TCC-EZ –Total Contact Casting System Overcoming the Barriers to Utilizing a Proven Gold Standard Treatment. DF Con. 2008. 18. Snyder RJ, et al. The Management of Diabetic Foot Ulcers through Optimal Off-loading. Building Consensus Guidelines and Practical Recommendations to Improve Outcomes. Journal of the American Podiatric Medical Association. Vol 104. No. 6. Nov/Dec 2014. 19. Lavery AL, et al. Randomised clinical trial to compare total contact casts, healing sandals and a shear-reducing removable boot to heal diabetic foot ulcers. Int Wound J 2014.  20. Fife CE, et al. Diabetic foot ulcer off-loading: The gap between evidence and practice. Data from the US Wound Registry. Adv Skin Wound Care. 2014 Jul;27(7):310-6.  21. Piagessi, et al., Semiquantitative Analysis of the Histopathological Features of the Neuropathic Foot Ulcer, Diabetes Care. 2003 Nov;26(11):3123-8.  22.  Bohn G. Cost, Effectiveness and Implementation of an Easy to Apply Total Contact Casting System for Diabetic Grade 2 Neuropathic Foot Ulcers in a Multi Physician Clinic, Clinical Symposium on Advances in Skin and Wound Care, October 2009, San Antonio, USA, Poster.  23.  Snyder RJ, et al. The Management of Diabetic Foot Ulcers through Optimal Off-loading. Building Consensus Guidelines and Practical Recommendations to Improve Outcomes. Journal of the American Podiatric Medical Association. Vol 104. No. 6. Nov/Dec 2014






 



































derma sciences products










 










 
 | 

 | 
Terms & Conditions
 | 

 









   


  
  
 

















DERMA SCIENCES PRODUCTS






 Select category:

All Categories...

   
Sort by Price:  

Low to High
High to Low

   
Price Range:  

All
Under $50
$50 - $100
$100 - $300
$300 - $1000
Over $1000

  	




 


 Showing 1 - 6 of 6 Products 
 
1









DERMA SCIENCES PRODUCTS DS31505

Derma Science Products Medihoney® Dressing, Sterile

 $9.58 by 1 Each











DERMA SCIENCES PRODUCTS DS31815

Derma Sciences Medihoney® Gel 1.5 Oz

 $27.21 by 1 Each











DERMA SCIENCES PRODUCTS DE88522

Derma Algicell® Ag Antimicrobial Silver Dressing 2" X 2" Square, Latex-Free

 $43.33 by 1 Box











DERMA SCIENCES PRODUCTS DE84544

Derma Hydrocell® Nonadhesive Foam Dressing With Film Backing 4" X 4" Size Square, Sterile, Latex-Free

 $107.52 by 1 Box











DERMA SCIENCES PRODUCTS DE89166

Derma Sciences Dudress® Film Top Barrier Dressing 6" X 6" Water-Proof, Sterile

 $116.24 by 1 Box











DERMA SCIENCES PRODUCTS DE88544

Derma Algicell® Ag Antimicrobial Silver Dressing 4-1/4" X 4-1/4" Square, Latex-Free

 $155.63 by 10 Each












 Showing 1 - 6 of 6 Products 
 
1









Show Manufacturers




Show Categories




3M



3M (88)



3M Healthcare (88)



A&D MEDICAL



A&D Medical (AE)



A+ Medical Products (AW)



Abbott / Medical Specialties (AB)



ABBOTT LABORATORIES



Abbott Nutrition



Abbott Nutrition (52)



Abbott/Medical Specialties (AB)



Abena



Abena (RB)



ACCU-NET, LLC



Acme-Medical Action (AC)



Action Products Inc.



Active Lifestyle Products (AL)



Adapta Medical



Addto, Inc. (AQ)



Advancis Medical USA LLC (83)



Aftermarket Group The



AG INDUSTRIES



AG Industries (FH)



Agamatrix Inc. (WA)



Air Cast (AI)



Airway Company (AA)



Alba Healthcare (SO)



Albert Medical Devices



Albert Medical Devices (XU)



Alcor



ALEVA HEALTH



Alex Orthopedic



Alex Orthopedic (AG)



Alimed



Alimed (AZ)



ALIMED INC



Allegiance (55)



Allerderm (ER)



Allergy Control (EB)



Alliance Labs (AG)



Alliqua Biomedical (GO)



Amazing Concepts (NK)



AMD RITMED



AMD Ritmed (IR)



Ameda Breastfeeding Products (EW)



Ameda/Evenflo



Ameda/Evenflo (EW)



Americal (MP)



AMERICAN AUSTRALIAN MED



American Australian Medical (AV)



American Diagnostic (AD)



American Diagnostics



American Diagnostics Corp.



American Medical Products



American Medical Products (AME)



Americare (AM)



Ameriderm



Amerx (DF)



Amoena



AMSINO INTERNATIONAL INC



Amsino Urological



Amsino Urological (MK)



Anacapa Technolgies (QD)



Andover Healthcare



Andover Healthcare (ANC)



Animas (AN)



ANIMAS CORP



ANTARES PHARMA INC



Antares Pharma Inc (MY)



APCI (FT)



Apex Medical (AP)



Apex Medical Corp. (AP)



Apex Shoes (AU)



Aplicare (AJ)



APLICARE INC



Apollo Light Systems (BK)



Apothecary Products



Apothecary Products (AY)



APOTHECARY PRODUCTS INC



APPLIED MEDICAL TECH



Applied Medical Tech (AK)



Applied Nutrition (AD)



Aptalis Pharma



Aptalis Pharma (AR)



APTALIS PHARMA US, INC



Aptalis Pharma US, INC. (AR)



Aqua Guard, LLC (BG)



ARC MEDICAL INC



Arjo Huntleigh (EG)



Arkray USA



Arkray USA (CJ)



ARKRAY USA INC



Arkray(CJ)



Arrow Route Standard



Ascent Consumer Products Inc.



Aseptic Control Products (HP)



ASTRA TECH



Astra Tech (AH)



A-T Surgical Manufacturing Co. (AF)



A-T SURGICAL MFG CO INC



ATLANTIC FOOTCARE



Atlantic Footcare (AO)



Atos Medical



Atos Medical (TL)



ATOS MEDICAL INC



Attends



Attends (48)



Attends Healthcare



ATTENDS HEALTHCARE PRODUCTS



Attends Healthcare Products (48)



Augusta Medical (JO)



AUGUSTA MEDICAL SYSTEMS LLC



Austin (49)



AUSTIN MEDICAL PROD INC



Austin Medical Products



Axcan Scandipharm, Inc (AR)



Axelgaard (LX)



B & F - Allied Healthcare (BF)



B Braun Interventional Solutions



B Braun Medical (XB)



Bagitaway



Bagitaway.com



Bailey (BY)



Ballard (MI)



Banyan Healthcare (BAN)



Banyan Healthcare (YN)



Bard (57)



Bard Home Health (VE)



BARD HOME HEALTH DIV



Bard Medical



Bard Medical (57)



Battle Creek Equipment



Battlecreek (BT)



Battlecreek Equipment



Bauerfeind USA (FB)



BAUERFEIND USA INC



Bauerfind USA (FB)



Bayer



Bayer (56)



BAYER METERS



Beaumont Products (BP)



BEAUMONT PRODUCTS INC



Becton Dickenson (58)



Becton Dickinson



Becton Dickinson (58)



Becton Dickison (58)



Bed Handles, Inc. (HZ)



Bedwetting Store (WS)



BEIERSDORF INC.



Bell Horn (BY)



Best Impressions Co. (BST)



Biersdorf (BSN Jobst) (BI)



Bio Compression (DW)



Bio Protech



Bio Protech, Inc. (DY)



Biocore (BC)



Bioderm (CF)



BIOMED LABORATORIES INC



BioMedical Life Systems (FA)



BIOMEDICAL LIFESYSTEMS (FA)



BIONIME



BIONIME USA CORPORATION



BIONIX DEVELOPMENT CORP



Biosense Medical



BIOSENSE MEDICAL DEVICES, LLC



Bird & Cronin (BS)



Bivonia (BJ)



Blairex (BX)



Blanchard (BD)



BLANCHARD PRODUCTS



Blanchard Products (BD)



BLISTEX INC



BMR (BM)



Boca Medical (BW)



Bodycare (EY)



Boston Medial Products (BH)



BOSTON MEDICAL PRODUCTS



Boston Medical Products (BH)



BPBM Products (Bright Beginnings)



Braun (BR)



Brennen Medical (BV)



Briggs Healthcare (64)



Briggs Healthcare (66)



Briggs Healthcare/Mabis



Briggs Healthcare/Mabis (64)



Briggs Healthcare/Mabis (66)



Brownmed



Brownmed (FD)



Bruce Medical



BSN JOBST



BSN Jobst (BI)



BSN Medical JOBST (BI)



C & K (CK)



C&S Ostomy Pouch Covers (CX)



Cadex Medication (VX)



Calmoseptine (CL)



Caltech (KT)



Cambrooke Foods



Cambrooke Foods (FC)



Camp (CM)



Can Am (CN)



CAN-AM CARE



Cara (CRA)



CARA INCORPORATED



Cardinal Health



Cardinal Health (55)



Cardinal Health (PFI)



Cardinal Health (ZCH)



Cardinal Health Medical Products



Cardinal Health Medical Products (GR)



Cardinal Health Pharmaceutical



Cardinal Health Pharmaceutical (PH)



Cardinal Healthcare



Cardinal Healthcare/Care Fusion



Cardinal Healthcate/Care Fusion



Care Fusion (DB)



Care Medical / Silverlon (SR)



Care Medical/Silverlon (SR)



Care Tech (CE)



CAREFORE MEDICAL (FU)



CAREFUSION



CARE-TECH LABORATORIES



Carex



Carex (RM)



CAREX HEALTH BRANDS



CAROLON COMPANY



Carolon Company (DD)



Carrington (CA)



Cas Medical Systems (CX)



CB Fleet (FL)



Cell Robotics (EK)



Centurion Medical (EE)



CENTURION MEDICAL PRODUCTS



Century Pharma (CK)



CENTURY PHARMACEUTICALS



Chad (CD)



Chattanooga Group, Inc. (CH)



Chattem



Chattem (CHA)



CHATTEM INC



CHESTER LABS



Chester Labs (FF)



Chronimed / Hypoguard (CJ)



Chronimed/Hypoguard (CJ)



Church & Dwight (BX)



CIRCAID MEDICAL PRODUCTS



Circaid Medical Products (CI)



Circaid/Medi



Circaid/Medi (CI)



Circaidance



Circaidance (LO)



Clean Waste (CV)



Cleanis (RI)



Cleanis, Inc. (CLE)



CLEANLIFE PRODUCTS



Clinical Technologies (CW)



Collagen Matrix (CG)



Colo-Majic (LN)



Colo-Majic, Inc. (LN)



Coloplast



Coloplast (62)



Coloplast (76)



COLOPLAST INC



Coloplast-Healthcare (76) (Mentor)



Comco (CO)



CONAIR CORPORATION, INC



Concepts in Confidence (CS)



Con-Med (BQ)



CONMED CORP



CONNEY SAFETY PRODUCTS



Conney Safety Products (AS)



Contour Products



Contour Products (CTP)



ConvaTec



Convatec (51)



Cook VPI (VP)



Cooper Surgical (LG)



CORE PRODUCTS



Core Products (95)



Core Products (DO)



Core Products (NL)



Corpak



Corpak (CP)



CORPAK INC



Covalon Technologies (XC)



COVALON TECHNOLOGIES LTD.



Covidien (61)



Covidien (68)



Covidien Medical Supply (61)



Covidien Medical Supply (68)



Covidien Respiratory (SH)



Covidien/Kendall



Covidien/Kendall (61)



Covidien/Kendall (68)



C-P Medical (98)



Crawford Healthcare



Crawford Healthcare (87)



Cristcot (CRI)



Crown Medical (EO)



Cure Medical



Cure Medical (CQ)



CUSTOM MANUFACTURED PRODUCTS LLC



Cymed (93)



Cypress (CY)



D.M.S. Enterprises (DW)



Dale (DA)



Dansac (Incutech) (63)



Dao Health



DAVAGEN PHARMACEUTICALS



DELCO INNOVATIONS LLC



Delfi Medical Innovation (DEL)



Denver Biomedical (DB)



Derma Sciences



Derma Sciences / Dumex (DE)



Derma Sciences (DS)



Derma Sciences (WM)



Derma Sciences / Dumex (DE)



DERMA SCIENCES PRODUCTS



Derma Sciences/Dumex



Derma Sciences/Dumex (DE)



Dermagenics (DN)



DERMARITE



Derma-Rite (DM)



DeRoyal



Deroyal (DR)



DEROYAL INDUSTRIES INC



DeVilbiss



DeVilbiss (DV)



Devilbiss (Sunrise) (DV)



DEVILBISS HEALTH CARE



Dexcom



Dexcom (ED)



Dexcom Inc. (ED)



Diabetes Care (ME)



Diamond Crystal Brands (HM)



Diasource / Malgam Enterprises (DZ)



Diasource/Malgam Enterprises (DZ)



Diesetronic (DI)



Disetronic (DI)



DJ Orthopedics



DJ Orthopedics (DJ)



DJO LLC



DONBY (DY)



Dow Hickam / Bertek (DH)



Dow Hickam/Bertek (DH)



Drew Shoes (DT)



Drive Medical



Drive Medical (FG)



Dukal



Dukal (DU)



DUKAL CORP



Dumotech (LB)



Dura Tex (DQ)



Durakold (DK)



Duromed (64)



DYNAREX



Dynarex (DX)



E. Fougera & Co. (EF)



EBI MEDICAL SYSTEMS



Ecolab



Ecolab (EQ)



ECOLAB INC



EHOB



Ehob (EH)



EHOB INC



Elkay Plastics Co. (EK)



Elta (Swiss-American) (EL)



Elta/Swiss-American



EMED TECHNOLOGY CORP



Emerging Healthcare Solutions



Emerson Ecologics (EM)



Emerson Healthcare



Emerson Healthcare (EMH)



Emmett Labs (EE)



EMPI



EMPI (BM)



EMPI (ST)



Encore (EN)



Encore Medical (EJ)



Energizer Personal Care (TX)



Entracare (EC)



Essential Medical (ES)



ESSENTIAL MEDICAL SUPPLY



Essential Medical Supply (ES)



EVENFLO COMPANY INC.



EVEREST & JENNINGS (FJ)



EVO Medical (IA)



EXCELSIOR MEDICAL CORP



FABRICATION ENTERPRISES



Fairhaven Health



Ferndale (FE)



FERRIS



Ferris (FR)



Fiberlinks Textiles



Fiberlinks Textiles (PR)



Finally Natural Care (FN)



Firma Medical (FZ)



First Ice



First Quality



First Quality (FQ)



First Quality/Lifequest (FQ)



Fischer & Paykel (FP)



Fisher & Paykel



Fisher & Paykel (FP)



FISHER & PAYKEL H INC



Fisher & Paykel



Fleet (FL)



Flexicare (FK)



For Life GMBH/Stomocur (IN)



Fortis Medical Products



Fortis Medical Products (65)



Freeman Manufacturing



FSA



FSA Store (FSA)



Full Life Products (FG)



Futuro (91)



Gainor (GA)



Gawi Healthcare



Gaymar (GY)



GE (GH)



GE HEALTHCARE



GE Healthcare (GH)



Geiss Destin & Dunn



Geiss, Destin & Dunn (GDD)



GEISS, DESTIN & DUNN INC



GEISS, DESTIN & DUNN INC.



Genadyne Biotechnologies



Genairex (EI)



GENAIREX INC



GENERAL PHYSIOTHERAPY



General Physiotherapy (GE)



GENETIC LABS (GW)



GENUINE VIRGIN ALOE CORP



GF HEALTH PRODUCTS INC



Global Health Products



Global Health Products (GP)



GLOBAL HEALTH PRODUCTS INC



Global Medical Form (GF)



GLOBAL MEDICAL HOLDINGS



Gluco Perfect (GC)



GOLDEN TECHNOLOGIES



Golden Technologies (GTC)



Grant (GR)



Greenwald



Griffin Labs



Griffin Labs (GZ)



Griffin Medical (GR)



GT Urological, LLC (GT)



Guardian - Sunrise Medical (GU)



Guardian (IG)



H&R Pharmaceuticals



H&R Pharmaceuticals (LJ)



Hartmann (EV)



Hartmann Conco (EV)



Hartmann-Conco



Hartmann-Conco (HU)



HARTMANN-CONCO INC



Hartmann-Conco Inc.



HARVEY SURGICAL (HS)



Harvey's Surgical (HG)



Harwood Products (HA)



Healagenics, Inc. (HJ)



HEALTH CARE LOGISTICS INC



Health o Meter (HB)



Healthcraft Products (HQ)



Healthdyne (HD)



Healthpoint (HE)



HEARTLAND MANUFACTURING INC



Hermell Products



Hermell Products (HF)



Hermitage (HR)



HESS PRINT SOLUTIONS



Hollister



Hollister (50)



HOLLISTER INC



HOME - BUSINESS CONSUMER PRODUCTS INC



HOME CARE BY MOEN



Home Care Products (HN)



Home Delivery Incontinent Supplies



Home Diagnostics (67)



HOME PRODUCTS (FK)



Homecare by Moen (MC)



HOOD LABORATORIES



Hood Labs



Hood Labs (HL)



HOPKINS MEDICAL PRODUCTS



Hopkins® Medical Products (HO)



Hospital Specialty (HI)



Hot Lulu (Meyer) (83)



HTL-Strefa



HTL-Strefa (HT)



Hudson Medical Products (HW)



Hudson RCI (92)



Human Biosciences (BC)



HUMAN BIOSCIENCES INC



Humanicare (HU)



HYDROFERA, LLC



Hygeia



Hygeia (HG)



Hy-Tape (HY)



Hytech (HT)



I FLOW CORPORATION



ICU Medical (ICU)



Ideal Brands (ID)



IDEAL BRANDS, INC



I-Health



Ilex Health Products



Inabata America (IP)



INDEPENDENCE MEDICAL



INDEPENDENT LIVING AIDS, INC.



Infopia



Ingen Inc (IO)



InHealth (IH)



INHEALTH TECH



Innovacyn Inc



Innovative Healthcare (IV)



Integra Neurocare LLC (RY)



Integrity Sourcing and Logistics (IG)



Intensive Therapeutics (IT)



Intimate Moments Apparel (IM)



Intra Pump



INVACARE CONTINUING CARE



Invacare Continuing Care (CCG)



Invacare Corporation



Invacare Corporation (INV)



INVACARE SUPPLY GROUP



INVACARE SUPPLY GROUP (ISG)



INVENTORY CONTROL



ITW TEXWIPE



J & J Orthopedics (JJ)



J&J HEALTH CARE SYST INC



JAFARI MEDICAL SUPPLY LLC



Jay Medical



Jay Medical (JA)



Jobar



Jobar (JII)



JOBAR INTERNATIONAL, INC



JOERNS HEALTHCARE



Joerns Healthcare Inc.



Johnson & Johnson



Johnson & Johnson (53)



JOINT ACTIVE SYSTEMS



JUZO



Juzo (JU)



K2 HEALTH PRODUCTS, LLC



Kate Farms



Kaye Products (KA)



KAZ USA



KAZ USA (KAZ)



KAZ USA INC



KCI USA



KCI USA (NU)



KEM Enterprises (KM)



KEN BEAN DISTRIBUTORS LLC



Kendall



Kendall (68)



KENDALL HEALTHCARE



Kendall Healthcare (61)



Keneric Healthcare (GWM)



Kent Elastomer Products (KL)



Kent Precision Foods Group



Kimberly Clark



Kimberly Clark (69)



KIMBERLY CLARK PROF



Kimberly Clark Professional



Kimberly Clark Professional (KK)



Kimberly Clark Professional (MI)



Kinex Medical Company



Kinex Medical Company (KIN)



King Ostomy Healthcare (KI)



Kingswood Lab (KW)



Kinray-Cardinal Health (KY)



Koregon (KO)



KOSMA-KARE, INC (KZ)



KT Health



Lane Labs USA



Lane Labs USA, Inc. (LAN)



Lantiseptic (LA)



Lauder Enterprises (LH)



LAUDER ENTERPRISES INC



LDB Medical (LC)



LED Technologies (LED)



LED TECHNOLOGIES, LLC



Lee Medcial International (LE)



LIBERTY INDUSTRIES



LIFE MEDICAL (LM)



Lifeline Orthopaedic



LIFELINE ORTHOPAEDIC (LL)



Lifescan



Lifescan (70)



LIFESCAN IM METERS



LIFETIME PRODUCTS



LINKS MEDICAL



Logicmark



Lohmann & Rauscher



Lohmann & Rauscher (LR)



LOHMANN & RAUSCHER, INC.



LSL Industries (LT)



Luminaud (LD)



LUMINAUD INC



Lumiscope



Lumiscope (LS)



M.C. Johnson (MJ)



Mabis (66)



Mabis DMI Healthcare (64)



Mada Medical Products (LY)



Maddak



Maddak (NV)



MADDAK INC



Magic American / Apex Medical (MH)



Magic American/Apex Medical (MH)



MALLINCKRODT MEDICAL INC



ManukaMed



Marcal Medical



MARCO SYSTEMS LLC



Maril Products (NJ)



MARKAY PRODUCTS (RW)



Marlen



Marlen (72)



MARLEN MANUFACTURING CO



Marpac, Inc



Marpac, Inc.



Marshall Medical Products (MG)



Masimo



Masimo (JD)



Mason Medical (MA)



MASON MEDICAL PRODUCTS



Mass Supply (VZ)



Matrix Medical (FD)



MATRIX MEDICAL LLC



MC Home Health Care (IX)



MDI (Medical Devices Int'l) (NZ)



Mead Johnson



Mead Johnson (75)



Med Mart (MU)



Medcare Products (MC)



Medcon Biolab Tech. (MF)



Medegen/King Ostomy Healthcare



Medegen/King Ostomy Healthcare (KI)



MEDELA



MEDELA (ML)



Medi USA



Medi USA (NE)



MEDI USA LP



Medi, Inc.



MEDICAL ACTION INDUSTRIES



Medical Action Industries (AC)



Medical Foods (NG)



Medical Industries America (IA)



Medical Nutrition USA (PS)



MEDICAL NUTRITION  USA, INC



Medical Plastic Devices (MB)



Medical Purchasing Alliance (MV)



Medical Specialties (MS)



MEDICAL SPECIALTIES DISTRIBUTORS LLC



Medical Technology Resources (RT)



Medi-Cath



Medi-Cath (MX)



Medicool (AT)



Medicool (MD)



MEDICOOL INC



Medi-Dyne (TU)



MEDI-DYNE HEALTHCARE PRODUCTS



Medi-Ject (MY)



Medikmark (KE)



Medingo US, Inc



MediPurpose (SE)



Medisense - Abbot Labs (ME)



Medisense - Abbott Labs (ME)



Medi-Tech (MT)



MEDI-TECH INTERNATIONAL



Medix Pharm. of America (EW)



Medline



Medline (30)



Medline (60)



Medline Industries (60)



MEDLINE INDUSTRIES INC



Medtrol, Inc. (NA)



Mentor (76)



Merit Medical



Merit Medical (NT)



Merry Walker (WT)



Merry Walker Corp. (WT)



Metagenes (WY)



Meyer (MR)



MHC Medical LLC. (EZ)



MICROTEK MEDICAL



Midwest Medical Supply (FM)



Millenia (MZ)



Milliken & Company (MQ)



Milliken Healthcare Products



Milliken Healthcare Products (MQ)



MILLIKEN MEDICAL



Milliken Medical (CH)



Milliken Medical (MR)



MiniMed



MiniMed (MN)



Mini-Med (MN)



MINIMED DISTR CENTER



MINIMED DISTRIBUTION CENT



MINIMED DISTRIBUTION CENTER



Miscellaneous Attachments (00)



Miscellaneous Material (ID)



Miscellaneous Vendors (99)



Mission Pharmacal (NB)



Mobile Solutions



Mobility Transfer Systems



Mobility Transfer Systems (RI)



MOLNLYCKE HEALTH CARE US LLC



Molnlycke Wound Care



Molnlycke Wound Care (SC)



Molnycke Wound Care (SC)



Mommy's Helper



Monaghan Medical (MW)



MONAGHAN MEDICAL CORP



Monticell Drug (CT)



Montreal Ostomy (MO)



MOOG



Moog/Zevex



MOXI ENTERPRISES, LLC



MPM Medical (QC)



MPM MEDICAL INC



MTG INC. OF GEORGIA (NB)



MTS (RI)



Mueller Sports Medicine



MWM Products (NM)



National Nutrition



National Nutrition (NS



National Nutrition (NS)



National Paper & Packaging (77)



Natures One (CO)



NATURE'S PRODUCTS, INC



Naturs Design



Naturs Design (RZ)



NATURS DESIGN INC.



NB Products (KG)



NDL Products (ND)



NeilMed (NEI)



Nelmed (NL)



NeoMed



Neotech



Neotech (NG)



Nestle



Nestle (85)



Nestle (CR)



Nestle Healthcare Nutrition (85)



NESTLE HEALTHCARE NUTRITION INC



New Genesis/Monticello Group (IJ)



New World Imports (NEW)



NEW WORLD IMPORTS, INC.



Nice Pak Products (PY)



Nice Pak Products, Inc. (PY)



Nidek Medical Products (NI)



Nipro Diagnostics



Nipro Diagnostics (67)



NIPRO DIAGNOSTICS INC



NIPRO DIAGNOSTICS/WALGREENS



NIPRO METERS



No Rinse (NR)



Noack



Noble Fiber



NOBLE FIBER TECHNOLOGIES



Noble Fiber Technologies (NP)



North Coast (NC)



NORTH COAST MEDICAL INC



NORTHWEST NATURAL PRODUCTS INC



NOVA ORTHO-MED



Nova-Ortho Med



Nova-Ortho Med (NO)



Novartis (85)



NU HOPE LABORATORIES INC



Nu-Hope Laboratories



Nu-Hope Laboratories (79)



Nu-Hope Labratories, Inc. (79)



NURSE ASSIST INC



Nutra Balance Products (ZE)



Nutricia North America



Nutricia North America (SB)



NUTRICIA NORTH AMERICA/7531



NxGen Medical



Nytone Medical (NY)



Oculus Innovative Science (OI)



OCULUS INNOVATIVE SCIENCES



Oculus Innovative Sciences (OI)



OKAMOTO USA



Olympic Medical (FO)



Omega Medical Prod. Co. (OG)



Omnis Health, LLC



Omron



Omron (73)



OMRON HEALTHCARE INC



One Pharmaceutical and Medical Supp



Opac (OC)



OPTIMAL



Options



Options (80)



OPTIONS OSTOMY SUPPORT BARRIER INC



Orange-Sol Medical (OV)



Original Products Co. LLC (ORP)



ORTHOBEAN



Orthopedic Pharmaceuticals (OR)



Osbon Med System/Timm Medical (OB)



OSSUR AMERICAS



Ossur Americas (RN)



OST Medical



Out International (GH)



Owen Mumford (OW)



OWEN MUMFORD USA INC



Pain Management Systems (PV)



Pain Management Technologies



Palco (PC)



Paper Pak (48)



Paper Pak (PK)



PARAGRAPHICS



Pari Resp. (PP)



PARI RESPIRATORY



Pari Respiratory (PP)



Parr Emergency Products (OA)



Parthenon (PA)



Passy Muir



Passy Muir (PF)



Patton Medical Devices



PBM Products (Bright Beginnings)



PCP Champion (PD)



Peco Medical Inc. (PC)



Pedifix (PG)



Pedifix Footcare



PEDIFIX FOOTCARE COMPANY



PEL (PE)



PELSTAR LLC



Pelstar, LLC (HB)



Pelstar/Health-o-Meter



Pelstar/Health-o-Meter (HB)



Pelton Shepherd Industries (PSI)



Pelton-Shepard



Pelton-Shepard (PL)



Pepper Medical (OZ)



PEPPER MEDICAL INC



Perfect Choice Medical Technologies



Perma-Type (81)



PERMA-TYPE COMPANY



Perry Products (WP)



PHARMA SUPPLY



PHARMA SUPPLY (MV)



Pharmaceutical Spec. (PZ)



Philips Healthcare



Playtex (MV)



PMI (PM)



PMIC



Polar Electronics (PO)



Por-Tec/Norske Skin (NS)



Posey



Posey (82)



Pos-T-Vac (PV)



Precision Foods (PX)



PRECISION FOODS INC



PRESTIGE MEDICAL



Prestige Medical (PN)



Presto Absorbent Products



Presto Absorbent Products (PRT)



Pride Health Care (18)



Pride Mobility



PRINCIPLE BUSINESS ENT



Principle Business Enterprises/Tranquility



Principle Business Enterprises/Tranquility (PU)



Priva (PR)



Proactive Medical Products



Proactive Medical Products (LV)



Prodigy



PRODUCT PROFESSIONALS LLC OH



PRODUCTIVE FITNESS (PRF)



Professional Medical Imports



PROFESSIONAL MEDICAL IMPORTS (PMI)



PROFESSIONAL MEDICAL SUPPLY



Professional Products (PJ)



Progressive Wound Care Technologies



Protecto, Inc. (PRT)



Protex Medical Products



Providence Spillproof (PI)



Pulmonetic System (PT)



Pulmonetic Systems



Pulmonetic Systems (PT)



PULMONETIC SYSTEMS INC



PURDUE PRODUCTS L.P.



Puretek Corp. (PQ)



Puritan Bennett (PB)



Puritan Bennett/Mallinckrodt



Puritan Bennett/Mallinckrodt (PB)



Puritan Medical Products (HA)



PURITAN MEDICAL PRODUCTS COMPANY



Quardio



Quest Products



Quest Products (QU)



Real Food Blends



Regent Medical (OY)



ReliaMed



Reliamed (ZG)



ReliaMed (ZK)



ReliaMed Alginate / CMC Dressings(ZC)



ReliaMed Alginate/CMC Dressings(ZC)



ReliaMed Blood Pressure Units (ZB)



Reliamed Electrodes (ZZ)



ReliaMed Hydrocolloid & Foam



ReliaMed Hydrocolloid & Foam (ZD)



ReliaMed Misc



ReliaMed Misc (ZR)



ReliaMed Misc. (ZR)



Reliamed Moist Heat Therapy



ReliaMed Prep Wipes & Lancets (ZP)



ReliaMed Silver Alginate / CMC (ZS)



ReliaMed Silver Alginate/CMC



ReliaMed Silver Alginate/CMC (ZS)



ReliaMed Tape (ZT)



ReliaMed Wipes (ZA)



ResMed



Resmed (RC)



RESMED CORP



Respiratory Delivery Systems (RD)



RESPIRATORY DELIVERY SYSTEMS, INC



Respironics



Respironics (RE)



RESPIRONICS INC



Restorative Care (RJ)



Roche (59)



Roche Diagnostics



Roche Diagnostics (59)



ROCHE DIAGNOSTICS CORP.



Roche Insulin Delivery (DI)



Roche Insulin Delivery/Accu-Chek (DI)



Rochester (RH)



ROCHESTER MEDICAL



Rochester Medical (RH)



Roho (RO)



ROHO INCORPORATED



ROLL-A-RAMP



Roloke (RL)



Romax Hose (WN)



Roscoe Medical



Roscoe Medical (FU)



ROSE HEALTHCARE



Ross (52)



Royce Medical (RN)



RPS CORPORATION



Rubbermaid (RM)



Rusch / MMG (MM)



Rusch (RU)



Rusch / MMG (MM)



Safe Medical Systems (VY)



Safe n Simple



Safe n' Simple



Safe n' Simple (RR)



Sage (SJ)



SAGE PRODUCTS



Sage Products (TO)



Salk



Salk (84)



Salter (SA)



SALTER LABS



Salter Labs (SA)



Sammons Preston



Sammons Preston (SD)



SAMMONS PRESTON INC



Sammons Preston, Inc. (SD)



Sanvita (NU)



Savage Labs/Fougera (EF)



SBE Medical (BE)



SCA Hygiene (SQ)



SCA Personal Care



SCA Personal Care (SQ)



SCA PERSONAL CARE INC



Science Products (SI)



Scientific Hospital (SB)



Scott Specialties



Scott Specialties (SS)



SCOTT SPECIALTIES CMO INC



Secure Health Products (SU)



Secure Personal Care Products



Select Medical (SX)



Seneca Medical (96)



Sequal Technologies



Shamrock (GV)



Sharps Compliance (SCP)



Sheepskin Ranch



Shelton Medical Products (RS)



Shepard Medical Products



Sherwood Medical (61)



Shiley (SH)



Shiley/Mallinckrodt Medical



Shiley/Mallinckrodt Medical (SH)



Shower Shield (SV)



Sigvaris



Sigvaris (SG)



SIGVARIS INC



Simple Diagnostic (FY)



SIMPLE DIAGNOSTICS, INC.



Simplechoice (TJ)



SIMPLY THICK



Simply Thick (TT)



Simpro



Simpro (JK)



Sims B.C.I (SN)



Sims Deltec (DL)



Sims Portex (SF)



Skil-Care Corporation



Skinsafe (SX)



Smith & Nephew



Smith & Nephew (54)



SMITH & NEPHEW INC



Smith / Nephew Casting (NW)



Smith/Nephew Casting (NW)



Smiths Medical



Smiths Medical - Bivona



Smiths Medical - Bivona (BJ)



Smiths Medical - Portex (SF)



Smiths Medical ASD



Smiths Medical ASD (SF)



SMITHS MEDICAL ASD INC



Solace Nutrition (SY)



SOLRX INC.



SOLUBLE SYSTEMS, LLC



Soma Blue (JO)



SOSecure (TK)



Southwest (SW)



Southwest Technologies (SW)



Span Amercia Medical (SP)



Span Americal (SP)



Span-America Medical



SPECIALITY SURGICAL (UA)



SPECIALLY ADAPTED PRODUCTS (86)



SPECIALTY MEDICAL SUPPLIES



Specialty Medical Supply (UK)



SPECIALTY SURGICAL



Spectra Baby USA



Spectra Baby USA (JH)



Spectrum Surgical (SZ)



Spectrum Surgical Instrument (SZ)



SPENCO



Spenco (SK)



SPO Medical Inc. (OX)



Spring Health Solutions (HX)



Stadodyn - Rehabilicare (ST)



Standers



Standers (STD)



STANDERS INC



Standers, Inc. (KC)



Staodyn Rehabilicare (ST)



Stat Medical Devices (SM)



Stellen Medical



STEVENSON IND. INC.



Stoma Labs (SL)



STO-MED INC



Stomico



Stomico (OS)



Stomocur (IN)



STRONG SKIN SAAVY (71)



Sukol (NF)



Summers Laboratories (UM)



SUMMIT INDUSTRIES



SUNRISE MEDICAL



Sunset



Sunset (KR)



SUNSET HEALTHCARE SOLUTIONS



Superior Surgical Supply (SUP)



SUPREME TECHNOLOGIES INC



Supreme Technologies, Inc. (CB)



Surgical Appliance (PD)



Surgical Appliances (UF)



Surgilance, Inc. (SE)



SWISS-AMERICAN PRODUCTS



SYNAPSE BIOMEDICAL



Systagenix



Systagenix (53)



SYSTAGENIX WOUND MANAGEMENT



T.C. Industries (TCI)



TALLEY MEDICAL



Tandem Diabetes Care



Tandem Diabetes Care (TN)



Teco Diagnostics (GK)



Teleflex



Teleflex (92)



TELEFLEX MEDICAL INC



Teleflex Medical Inc (92)



TERUMO MEDICAL



The Roho Group



The Roho Group (RO)



Theraband



Theraband (Meyer) (TB)



Theraband (TB)



Theradyne (TH)



Therafin (TN)



Therafirm (TG)



THERAFIRM COMPRESSION



Therafirm/Knit-Rite



Therafirm/Knit-Rite (TG)



Therasense



Therasense (TW)



Think Medical, Inc. (TM)



THREE M



Tiara Medical



Tiara Medical (TA)



TIARA MEDICAL SYSTEMS



Timm Medical



Timm Medical (OB)



TIMM MEDICAL TECHNOLOGIES INC



Tomy (TF)



Torbot



Torbot (74)



Torbot (TR)



TORBOT GROUP INC



Towick Medical (TK)



Tradex International (AX)



Tranquility / Principle Bus Ent (PU)



Tranquility/Principle Bus Ent (PU)



Trans Tracheal (TS)



Transaqua (TA)



TransTracheal Systems (TS)



Trennaventions (DO)



Triad - HP Industries (TD)



Triad Group (HP)



Triad Medical, LLC (OF)



Tri-Anim Health Services



Tri-Anim Health Services (TI)



Trinity Sterile



Trovita Health Science



TRUECARE



Trulife (CM)



TUBULAR FABRICATIONS INDUSTRY, INC.



Tubular Fabricators (TF)



TUFFCARE



Tuffcare (TC)



TYTEX INC



Tytex Inc (TYT)



U.G. HEALTHCARE



UCO INTERNATIONAL (UD)



Ulmer Pharmacal (UG)



Ultimed



Uluru



Uluru (UI)



Unipatch (UP)



UNIQUE WELLNESS



Unique Wellness (UW)



Universal Surgical (UZ)



University Compounding Pharmacy (UE)



Unomedical (UO)



Unysen Health



Urametrics (UU)



Uresil (US)



URO MATRIX MEDICAL SYSTEMS



Urocare



Urocare (UC)



UroMatrix (UR)



Urosolutions (UR)



US Diagnostics (UB)



US DIAGNOSTICS INC



US Endoscopy Group (UE)



Val Med



Val Med (VAL)



Valeritas (VJ)



VANGUARD MEDICAL SUPPLY



Venetec (VE)



Venosan (VN)



Ventus Medical (QV)



Vesco Medical



Vesco Medical (97)



Vesco Medical LLC



VIALDOCK LLC



Victor Medical (VM)



VITAFLO USA LLC



Vitaflow



Vitaflow (VF)



Vital Signs (VS)



Vital Wear



Vitalcare Group, Inc. (VA)



Vollrath Group (VG)



VYGON USA



Vygon USA (VYG)



W.A. Baum Co. (BAU)



W.R. Medical (WR)



WALK EASY INC



Waterbury (WB)



WEBER & JUDD PHARMACY



Welcon (WE)



Welland - Montreal Ostomy (BE)



WELLCARE OF NY INC



Wellspect Healthcare



WELLSPECT HEALTHCARE (AH)



Wellspect Healthcare/Astra (AH)



Western Medical (GL)



Western Medical (WM)



Westmed (WMD)



WESTMED INC.



Whitestone (WH)



WHITESTONE CORP



Whitestone Corp (HU)



WINDMILL HEALTH PRODUCTS



Winfield Labs (WF)



Winimed Products (WN)



Withings



Work, Inc. (WI)



Wound Care Innovations (WO)



WPC Brands (WC)



Wrymark, Inc. (WY)



XBACK



XITECH INC.



X-O Corporation (XO)



ZEFON INTERNATIONAL INC



Zevex (QZ)



Zewa



ZOLL MEDICAL CORPORATION




 



Recently Viewed





 






















Home |
Contact Us |
View Cart|
















Derma Sciences Buys MEDIHONEY® Brand From Long-Term PartnerHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets open in 1 hr 54 minsS&P Futures2,465.25-6.75 (-0.27%)Dow Futures21,713.00-30.00 (-0.14%)Nasdaq Futures5,874.75-34.75 (-0.59%)Derma Sciences Buys MEDIHONEY® Brand From Long-Term PartnerBusiness WireJanuary 11, 2017ReblogShareTweetSharePRINCETON, N.J.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Derma Sciences, Inc. (DSCI), a tissue regeneration company focused on advanced wound and burn care, today announced that it has purchased the MEDIHONEY® brand and related intellectual property and goodwill from its long-term partner, New Zealand-based Comvita Limited. Consideration is an upfront payment of $13.25 million in cash, with an additional $5.0 million potentially payable in the form of an earn-out upon achievement of future annual sales milestones. Prior to the acquisition, Derma Sciences held the exclusive global license for the Comvita-owned MEDIHONEY brand and patents for the medical and professional market segments. The purchase eliminates Derma Sciences’ obligation of royalty payments to Comvita on the sale of MEDIHONEY products, which royalties amounted to $1.6 million in 2016.Additional agreements entered into at the time of the acquisition include an exclusive medical honey supply agreement from Comvita to Derma Sciences for 10 years with fixed pricing terms for two years, a worldwide licensing agreement from Derma Sciences to Comvita to use the purchased intellectual property in the over-the-counter (OTC) market, and the continued manufacture of honey-based products by Derma Sciences for Comvita for OTC consumer product sales.“Under Derma’s leadership, the MEDIHONEY brand has grown to be the largest line of medical-grade honey products for advanced wound care use in the world, totaling global sales of approximately $20.0 million in 2016,” said Stephen T. Wills, Executive Chairman of Derma Sciences. “What is important to Derma Sciences and to the healthcare professionals and patients who benefit from these important products, is security of supply. Under the terms of the deal, we have a new 10-year medical honey supply agreement with Comvita, which gives Derma Sciences cost certainty for the first two years and priority of medical honey supply with respect to its needs. Comvita has supplied us for more than a decade, and having the backing of Comvita, its supply chain, and related partnerships gives us the confidence to continue to invest in the growth of our MEDIHONEY business.”About Derma Sciences, Inc.Derma Sciences is a tissue regeneration company focused on advanced wound and burn care. It is engaged in the development and commercialization of novel proprietary regenerative products derived from placental/birth tissues for use in a broad range of clinical applications including the treatment of complex chronic wounds, acute wounds and localized areas of injury or inflammation, in addition to filling soft tissue defects or voids. The Company also markets TCC-EZ®, a gold-standard total contact casting system for diabetic foot ulcers. Derma Sciences’ MEDIHONEY® product line is the leading brand of honey-based dressings for the management of wounds and burns. The product has been shown in clinical studies to be effective in a variety of indications. Other novel products introduced into the $14 billion global wound care market include XTRASORB® for better management of wound exudate, and BIOGUARD® for barrier protection against microbes and other contaminants. The Company also offers a full product line of traditional dressings. For more information, please visit www.dermasciences.com.Forward-Looking StatementsStatements contained in this news release that are not statements of historical fact may be deemed to be forward-looking statements. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, words such as "may," "will," "expect," "believe," "anticipate," "intend," "could," "estimate" or "continue" are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Readers are cautioned that certain important factors may affect the Company's actual results and could cause such results to differ materially from any forward-looking statements that may be made in this news release or that are otherwise made by or on behalf of the Company. Factors that may affect the Company's results include, but are not limited to product demand, market acceptance, impact of competitive products and prices, product development, completion of an acquisition, the success or failure of negotiations and trade, legal, social and economic risks. Additional factors that could cause or contribute to differences between the Company's actual results and forward-looking statements include but are not limited to, those discussed in the Company's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170111006112/en/ReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read NextSean Hannity responds to claim he ran up a $42,000 tab at Trump's hotel after flying in a 70-year-old lobster from MaineBusiness InsiderZuckerberg Wife's Ambitious Secret Finally ExposedUNewz.MeSponsoredTrump’s unwitting legacy could be universal health coverageYahoo FinanceAmazon wobble ripples across world stock marketsReutersTwitter is only famous now because of President Trump: NYSE traderYahoo Finance VideoThis Will Be In Everyone's Household By 2020Banyan HillSponsoredGDP — What you need to know in markets on FridayYahoo FinanceWhite House comms director Scaramucci: 'I'm not Steve Bannon, I'm not trying to suck my own c--k'Business InsiderRepublicans kill the border taxYahoo FinanceEngineer Finds Pattern; Makes Millions in StocksMoney MorningSponsoredMattis was on vacation when Trump tweeted transgender ban, and he was reportedly 'appalled' by itBusiness InsiderAmazon could be the first trillion dollar company: NYSE traderYahoo Finance VideoRolls-Royce Motor CEO: We’re not in the auto business. We’re in the luxury business.Yahoo FinanceA Penny-Crypto Miracle Making Some Americans RichAgora FinancialSponsoredMerck profit tops estimates as Keytruda sales surgeReutersAmazon ploughs ahead with high sales and spending; profit plungesReutersDemocrats line up to take on ‘Putin’s favorite congressman’JERRYG: Dana Rohrabacher is a clown. He is lucky to have a congressional seat in a state like California, but his luck is running out and he will have Trump to thank for it.Join the Conversation1 / 5258










	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started



































































AMNIOEXCEL | Derma Sciences






































Skip to main content















United States
Canada
Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA)
Asia, Pacific and Latin America (APLA)






Derma Sciences Regions Map

Select your location from over 190 countries where Derma Sciences operates.

























Toggle navigation















Products
Novel Technologies
AMNIOEXCEL
 















AMNIOEXCEL header



 
 




 

 













tools/applications




Please contact us
General Info +

609-514-4744
1-800-825-4325

Customer Service +

cs@dermasciences.com
1-800-825-4325

Reimbursement +

1-800-474-9511
Fax: 1-844-868-0930
email reimbursement
Download PDF Form




 

 




AMNIOEXCEL								









 



dehydrated human amnion-derived tissue allograft with intact extracellular matrix







About AMNIOEXCEL®


Giving New Life to Complex Wounds
AMNIOEXCEL® Amniotic Allograft Membrane is a novel human placental-based tissue product. The membrane forms a protective covering over the wound while providing the key components found in human amnion including an intact ECM (extracellular matrix), cytokines and other growth factors. It easily integrates into the wound and helps provide the optimal environment to repair, reconstruct and replace wound tissue.






AMNIOEXCEL® is a minimally manipulated amniotic membrane donated by pre-screened mothers during planned C-sections. The membrane is dehydrated using the proprietary DryFlex™ process which keeps the tissue intact and malleable, gives it a five year shelf life at room temperature and retains the key components of human amnion. It is intended for homologous use as a wound covering to aid in closing chronic wounds. 
Multicenter RCT demonstrates AMNIOEXCEL® + SOC significantly increases closure of chronic Diabetic Foot Ulcers





Video of t1Khx_eeUMA







Download Information Sheet 








 



a next generation amniotic allograft suspension














About AMNIOMATRIX®







AMNIOMATRIX® is a cryopreserved suspension allograft derived from the amniotic membrane and components of the amniotic fluid.  It is cryopreserved using the patented CryoPrime™ processing method that preserves the structural properties of the collagen, cytokines, growth factors, ECM and viable cellular materials. The liquid based suspension is especially suited to help repair wounds where membrane products might not be as effective (i.e. tunneling or deep wounds). AMNIOMATRIX® is intended for homologous use to help supplement the recipient’s tissue and aid in the closing of chronic wounds. 






Download Information Sheet 






 






 




 


Amniotic Tissue Products











 

 





View AMNIO Products 











 








Amniotic Tissue Webinars















Best Practices For Treating DFUs Webcast by Dr AbdoPresenter: Dr. Raymond Abdo, DPM, FAPWCA


    date of video  

    March 7, 2017  

    video length:
  

    35 Minutes 21 Seconds  

Experts agree that Total Contact Casting is the preferred method for off-loading diabetic foot ulcers (DFUs), but even with this treatment, complicated wounds do not always heal. On this webcast, we will review the evidence behind off-loading and when to use advanced modalities. Detailed evidence from multiple randomized controlled studies will be reviewed as well as a large, prospective case series involving the use of both TCC-EZ® Total Contact Casting system and AMNIOEXCEL® Amniotic Allograft Membrane on complicated wounds. After viewing this webcast we hope that you have a better understanding of the latest evidence of the most cost effective care for your patients with DFUs.





Video of ixgjFLN5tqA



Download Video 






 





View more Webinars and Videos 









 



AMNIOEXCEL® and AMNIOMATRIX® are registered trademarks of BioD, LLC.
 






















































Derma Sciences | A Tissue Regeneration Company


































Skip to main content















United States
Canada
Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA)
Asia, Pacific and Latin America (APLA)






Derma Sciences Regions Map

Select your location from over 190 countries where Derma Sciences operates.



















Toggle navigation









Select Region
























×
Welcome to the Derma Sciences website for Europe, Middle-East and Africa!





View Website








×
Welcome to the Derma Sciences website for Canada!





View Website








×
Welcome to the Derma Sciences website for Asia, Pacific and Latin America!





View Website















MEDIHONEY Homepage SLIDE



 

 

    content  

Global leading line of medical-grade honey products for the management of wounds and burns




TCC-EZ



 

 

    content  

Advancing the GOLD Standard of Care to the Next Generation with the TCC-EZ®




XTRASORB



 

 

    content  

Advanced technology dressings that redefine...absorption, fluid handling and moisture management




BIOGUARD Home Banner



 

 

    content  

Stand Guard: Barrier protection against opportunistic pathogens including MRSA 




ALGICELL



 

 

    content  

Powerful antimicrobial strength and superior absorption that’s highly cost effective.



 

 

 







 Save The Date November 29th: TCC and Post-Surgical Use - Fireside Chat with Dr. Jeffrey Jensen, DPM, FACFAS        -   
    22 November 2016 
 LIMB PRESERVATION: Awaken the wound for proper healing with MEDIHONEY        -   
    17 November 2015 
 View latest TCC-EZ Webinar: The TCC-EZ® Healing Chamber        -   
    9 October 2015 
 BIOGUARD® Power Webinar Episode 2: Do Chronic Venous Leg Ulcers (VLUs) challenge you and your patients?        -   
    18 August 2015 
 Harnessing MEDIHONEY® to Heal Lower Extremity Diabetic and Venous Leg Ulcers        -   
    29 July 2015 








A Tissue Regeneration Company

Derma Sciences is a Tissue Regeneration Company at the forefront of research and innovation for the management of acute and chronic wounds, and burns. The products we bring to the market are in the best tradition of evidence-based medicine helping clinicians, around the world, improve clinical outcomes.  With you in mind, our portfolio has grown to provide clinicians with solutions to assist with tissue regeneration - from the start of a wound through to wound closure. From MEDIHONEY®, to XTRASORB®, to BIOGUARD®,ALGICELL® Ag and TCC-EZ®, our intelligent, evidence-based products help to advance healing for patients suffering from complex chronic or acute wounds ...read more








News


Upcoming Events


Stocks






 




 



update stocks










Health Care Professionals






Extensive Library of On-Demand Learning View Now




Download Product Literature
View Clinical Evidence and Posters
View Product Webinars and Videos



Our mission is to provide you with superior products that address every stage of your patients’ therapy and the educational support to make best practice decisions for your patients’ wound care
							...read more





Novel Technologies






 
View Derma Sciences Novel Technologies products




Featured Product Info








Promotion for Medihoney® Tulle Dressing 
IMPORTANT - New Medihoney® Tulle Dressing Size Now Available!

 ...read more  
























































Contact Derma Sciences


































Skip to main content















United States
Canada
Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA)
Asia, Pacific and Latin America (APLA)






Derma Sciences Regions Map

Select your location from over 190 countries where Derma Sciences operates.

























Toggle navigation















Contact
Contact
 







 







Please contact us
General Info +

609-514-4744
1-800-825-4325

Customer Service +

cs@dermasciences.com
1-800-825-4325, Prompt 2

Reimbursement +

1-877-444-1122, Option 3
Fax: 1-888-807-0571
email reimbursement
Download Integra Reimbursement Hotline Card




 

 




Contact								
















contact info 1st line 





Derma Sciences US Location
Derma Sciences Headquarters
311 Enterprise Drive
Plainsboro, New Jersey 08536
General Contact:
609-514-4744
Fax: 609-514-8554














 
 

 






















































Derma Sciences











































Skip to main content















United States
Canada
Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA)
Asia, Pacific and Latin America (APLA)






Derma Sciences Regions Map

Select your location from over 190 countries where Derma Sciences operates.

























Toggle navigation


















×
Welcome to the Derma Sciences website for United States!





View Website















MEDIHONEY Homepage SLIDE



 

 

    content  

Global leading line of medical-grade honey products for the management of acute & chronic wounds and burns

 


AMNIOEXCEL brand



 

 

    content  

Dehydrated human amnion-derived tissue allograft with intact extracellular matrix

 


TCC-EZ-Home



 

 

    content  

Advancing the GOLD Standard of Care to the Next Generation with the TCC-EZ®

 


XTRASORB-Home



 

 

    content  

Advanced technology dressings that redefine...absorption, fluid handling and moisture management

 


BIOGUARD-Home



 

 

    content  

Stand Guard: Barrier protection against opportunistic pathogens including MRSA

 


ALGICELL



 

 

    content  

Powerful antimicrobial strength and superior absorption that’s highly cost effective.

 

 

 

 


 





 Save The Date November 29th: TCC and Post-Surgical Use - Fireside Chat with Dr. Jeffrey Jensen, DPM, FACFAS        -   
    22 November 2016 
 Best Practices for Treating DFUs        -   
    25 May 2016 
 Reimbursement Info Posted for AMNIOEXCEL Amniotic Allograft Membrane        -   
    12 April 2016 


 






A Tissue Regeneration Company

Derma Sciences is a Tissue Regeneration Company at the forefront of research and innovation for the management of acute and chronic wounds, and burns. 
							The products we bring to the market are in the best tradition of evidence-based medicine helping clinicians, around the world, improve clinical outcomes. 
							We are proud to bring you these innovations and are committed to your cause. 
							
							With you in mind, our portfolio has grown to provide clinicians with solutions to assist with tissue regeneration - from the start of a wound through to wound closure. 
							From MEDIHONEY®, to XTRASORB®, to BIOGUARD®, 
							ALGICELL® Ag, TCC-EZ® and now, AMNIOEXCEL® 
							and AMNIOMATRIX®, our intelligent, evidence-based products help to advance healing for patients suffering from complex chronic or acute wounds
							...read more









News


Upcoming Events


Stocks






 




 



update stocks





 






Health Care Professionals






Extensive Library of On-Demand Learning View Now




Download Product Literature
View Clinical Evidence and Posters
View Product Webinars and Videos



Our mission is to provide you with superior products that address every stage of your patients’ therapy and the educational support to make best practice decisions for your patients’ wound care
							...read more






Derma Sciences Acquisition






Integra completes acquisition of Derma Sciences View Integra




View Press release regarding the acquisition



Integra LifeSciences Announces Acceptance of Shares Tendered into Offer for Derma Sciences, Inc. Integra LifeSciences Holdings Corporation, a world leader in medical technology, is dedicated to limiting uncertainty
							...read more






Featured Product Info







Video of hn_UfGJNk5o



Patient, Dan Porter MBE, Head of Sport Services, Facilities Directorate at Sheffield Hallam University shares his story and battle with radiation dermatitis as a result of radiation treatment he was undergoing. At times the dermatitis was so severe he didn’t think he could go on. MEDIHONEY® HCS was able to provide him comfort and wound healing and is proud to share his story!

 read more...  












































Advanced Wound Care Products | Derma Sciences




































Skip to main content















United States
Canada
Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA)
Asia, Pacific and Latin America (APLA)






Derma Sciences Regions Map

Select your location from over 190 countries where Derma Sciences operates.

























Toggle navigation























 







Please contact us
General Info +

609-514-4744
1-800-825-4325

Customer Service +

cs@dermasciences.com
1-800-825-4325, Prompt 2

Reimbursement +

1-877-444-1122, Option 3
Fax: 1-888-807-0571
email reimbursement
Download Integra Reimbursement Hotline Card



 

 




Advanced Wound Care Products								









Novel Technologies Across the Spectrum
We actively develop, acquire, and market wound care products that exhibit innovative technologies, empower caregivers, and focus on the unmet needs of patients. As the science underlying the issues of chronic wounds advances, our goal is to be a leader in the development of active therapies.
Several significant new advanced wound care products offer unique therapeutic opportunities: MEDIHONEY®, AMNIOEXCEL®, AMNIOMATRIX®, TCC-EZ®, XTRASORB®, BIOGUARD® and ALGICELL® Ag.

  



Download Derma Sciences Advanced Wound Care Brochure





Commitment to Wound Care


In the mid 1980’s, exciting new data began to drive the way clinicians managed hard-to-heal chronic and acute wounds. This new data suggested that, contrary to the notion that a wound would heal better if left exposed to air, in fact a moist environment is more conducive to wound healing. Products to provide a moist and occlusive environment began to create the market for what are considered “advanced wound care dressings”.
Derma Sciences developed Dermagran® Ointment and Dermagran®-B Hydrophilic Wound Dressings to take that theory one step further by additionally promoting skin protection with the addition of zinc acetate.
In order to satisfy complete protocols of care for chronic and hard-to-heal wounds, Derma Sciences also offers a full line of the common advanced wound care dressings including:



Hydrocolloid Dressings
Antimicrobial Silver Dressings
Foam Dressings




Calcium Alginate Dressings
Hydrogel Dressings
Impregnated Dressings




Wound Cleansers
Total Contact Casting




 

 


Featured Product info




 The Use of MEDIHONEY HCS for the Treatment of Cancer Patients        -   
    19 January 2017 

Patient, Dan Porter MBE, Head of Sport Services, Facilities Directorate at Sheffield Hallam University shares his story and battle with radiation dermatitis as a result of radiation treatment he was undergoing. At times the dermatitis was so severe he didn’t think he could go on. MEDIHONEY® HCS was able to provide him comfort and wound healing and is proud to share his story!

 read more...  

 Diabetic Foot Ulcer Solutions        -   
    31 October 2016 

Diabetic Foot Ulcer Solutions – Taking revolutionary steps in Diabetic Foot Ulcer treatment strategies highlights how each of our products support the various stages of DFU (Diabetic Foot Ulcer) healing and demonstrates how each product can work independently or synergistically to lead the patient down the pathway to wound closure.

 read more...  

 Barnsley patient saved from amputation by pioneering technology        -   
    3 December 2015 

Type 2 diabetic Nigel Brooke, 48, from Royston could have faced the prospect of amputation to his lower limbs due to the effects of a foot ulcer but is now back on his feet after just four weeks thanks to a new technology being pioneered in Barnsley.
Lead Podiatrist Sarah May Poppleton suggested a new type of total contact cast called the TCC-EZ® – a Total Contact Casting system. Total Contact Casting is considered the gold standard of care for off-loading diabetic foot ulcers.

 read more...  

 The TCC-EZ Healing Chamber        -   
    14 October 2015 

In this webcast you will learn not only the history and evidence for Total Contact Casting and what is happening under the cast, but also ways to stop the wound escalation and help improve Diabetic Foot Ulcers healing in your practice.

 read more...  

 BIOGUARD Mechanism of Action        -   
    8 July 2015 

When managing your patients’ wounds, stand guard against opportunistic pathogens that can lead to infection by using BIOGUARD® - a full line of non-leaching, non-toxic, non-resistant Barrier Dressings.

 read more...  


 



Download Derma Sciences Full Product Guide
 



























































MEDIHONEY | Derma Sciences






































Skip to main content















United States
Canada
Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA)
Asia, Pacific and Latin America (APLA)






Derma Sciences Regions Map

Select your location from over 190 countries where Derma Sciences operates.

























Toggle navigation















Products
Novel Technologies
MEDIHONEY
 















medihoney header



 
 




 

 











tools/applications




Please contact us
General Info +

609-514-4744
1-800-825-4325

Customer Service +

cs@dermasciences.com
1-800-825-4325

Reimbursement +

1-800-474-9511
Fax: 1-844-868-0930
email reimbursement
Download PDF Form




 

 




MEDIHONEY								









 



Global leading line of medical-grade honey products for the management of acute & chronic wounds and burns.







History and heritage of honey in wound healing



 

The use of honey for healing goes back thousands of years, to ancient Greece and Egypt. In recent years, a resurgence in the science and use of honey has driven research and clinical testing to understand the healing properties and effectiveness of medical-grade honey in wound healing. Most specifically, the Leptospermum species or Manuka plant has shown to produce a unique honey optimal for wound healing. As a result, clinicians worldwide are championing the use of medical-grade honey across the spectrum of care.



About MEDIHONEY®








MEDIHONEY® is the global leading line of medical-grade honey products for the management of wounds and burns.
Derived from the Leptospermum species of plant in New Zealand, these unique dressings have properties which are beneficial throughout all phases of wound healing.1,2,3 MEDIHONEY® offers a full line of dressing solutions, providing versatility for varying wound and wound management needs.
What is MEDIHONEY® with Active Leptospermum Honey? MEDIHONEY® is an advanced wound care dressing that is supported by over 234 pieces of evidence demonstrating its clinical ability to promote the removal of necrotic tissue and advance a wound toward healing. In a randomized controlled trial, the mean healing time was significantly faster for wounds treated with MEDIHONEY® impregnated dressings when compared to conventional dressings4.





Video of Gaq3jLidSWY







Indications
Under the supervision of a healthcare professional, MEDIHONEY® dressings with Active Leptospermum Honey provides a moist environment conducive to wound healing and is indicated for lightly to moderately exuding wounds such as:



Diabetic foot ulcers
Leg ulcers (venous stasis ulcers, arterial ulcers and leg ulcers of mixed etiology)




Pressure ulcers / sores (partial and full thickness)
1st and 2nd degree partial thickness burns
Donor sites, and traumatic and surgical wounds








 


MEDIHONEY® products











 

 

 

 





View MEDIHONEY Products 










 

 





View MEDIHONEY Products 











 


Testimonials











 



MEDIHONEY® has been a life-saver.  I have uncontrollable diabetes and have experienced many painful, non-healing wounds on my feet which at times have required me to be in a wheel chair.  From the very first time my doctor used MEDIHONEY®, it made a difference.  My wounds cleaned up and got better.  This product is one of the reasons I am mobile and back on my feet again.
Susan




 











 








MEDIHONEY® Webinars


Videos















Limb Preservation: Awaken the wound for proper healing with MEDIHONEY®.
Presenter: Dr. Anthony Tickner, DPM, FACCWS, FAPWCA, FAPWH, FADFS, Reconstructive Foot Surgeon and Global Wound Consultant


    date of video  

    November 11th, 2015  

    video length:
  

    33 minutes 42 seconds  

    Power Webinar image  

 

The pathology of a diabetic foot ulcer is complex and if not properly managed places patients at risk for amputation. In the U.S., amputation rates are staggering {80,000/yr}1 and mortality rates associated with amputation are as high as some cancers2. Join Dr. Anthony Tickner, DPM, FACCWS, FAPWCA, FAPWH, FADFS, Reconstructive Foot Surgeon and Global Wound Consultant at Saint Vincent Hospital in Worcester, MA, for a clinical discussion on how MEDIHONEY® has helped Dr. Tickner awaken wounds stuck in vicious, non-healing cycles to work synergistically with other advanced therapies for successful healing.





Video of _ynxddD0Eqk



Download Video 

Download PDF 






 





View more Webinars and Videos 










    view first video  








    date of video  

    Sept 10, 2014  

    video length:
  

    1min 25sec  

MEDIHONEY® Mechanisms of Action Video describing low ph and High Osmolarity. MEDIHONEY® promotes autolytic debridement and supports the healing of wounds. 





Video of 5ABqC2NQAdk








 

View All MEDIHONEY Videos










 







References 




1. Acton C, Dunwoody G. The use of medical grade honey in clinical practice. British J Nursing 2008;17(20): S38-S44.  2. Dunford C. The use of honey-derived dressings to promote effective wound management. Professional Nurse 2005; 20(8):35-383.  3. Chaiken, N. Pressure ulceration and the use of Active Leptospermum honey for debridement and healing. Ostomy Wound Management 2010;56(5), 12-14.  4. Kamaratos AV, Tzirogiannis KN, Iraklianou SA, Panoutsopoulos GI, Kanellos IE, Melidonis AI. Manuka honey-impregnated dressings in the treatment of neuropathic diabetic foot ulcers. Int Wound J. 2012 ; 9: 1-7.  5. Sare J. Leg ulcer management with topical medical honey. British Journal of Community Nursing 2008; 13(9):S22-316. 6. Gethin G, Cowman S. Changes in surface pH when a honey dressing was used. Wounds UK Conference Proceedings; 13-15 November 2006. Wounds UK, Aberdeen. 7. Milne SD, Connolly P. The influence of different dressings on the pH of the wound environment. J Wound Care. 2014 Feb;23(2):53-4, 56-7.   8. Leveen H, Falk G, Borek B, Diaz C, Lynfield Y, Wynkoop B, Mabunda GA et al. Chemical acidification of wounds. An adjuvant to healing and the unfavourable action of alkalinity and ammonia. Annals of Surgery. 1973. 178(6): 745-50.   






 










Choose Region

Please choose your location to view MEDIHONEY® content
United States OR International






 




























