

Desert Hawk Gold Corp: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback

























desert hawk gold corp
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Materials
Industry: Metals & Mining
Sub-Industry: Precious Metal Mining
Desert Hawk Gold Corporation provides mining services. The Company acquires, explores, and develops mineral and metal mining projects and produces gold, silver, copper, tungsten, molybdenum, lead, and zinc. Desert Hawk Gold Corp operates in the Western United States.




Corporate Information
Address:

7723 North Morton Street
Spokane, WA 99208
United States


Phone:
1-509-434-8161


Fax:
-





Board Members




President/CEO
Company


Rick Havenstrite
Desert Hawk Gold Corp








Board Members
Company


Daniel Small
Platinum Management NY LLC


























From The Web











Key Executives


Rick Havenstrite


President/CEO




Marianne Havenstrite


Treasurer







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data





































Desert Hawk Gold Corp.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 22, 2017 12:08 PM ET
Metals and Mining

Company Overview of Desert Hawk Gold Corp.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Desert Hawk Gold Corp., an exploration stage company, explores for and develops mineral properties in the United States. The company primarily explores for gold and silver deposits from its Kiewit property. It holds interests in 247 unpatented mining claims, 42 patented claims, and 3 Utah state mineral leases that cover an area of approximately 25 square miles located in the Gold Hill Mining District in Tooele County, Utah. The company was formerly known as Lucky Joe Mining Company and changed its name to Desert Hawk Gold Corp. in April 2009. Desert Hawk Gold Corp. was incorporated in 1957 and is based in Reno, Nevada.


1290 Holcomb AvenueReno, NV 89502United StatesFounded in 195718 Employees



Phone: 775-337-8057








Key Executives for Desert Hawk Gold Corp.




Mr. Richard Havenstrite


      	CEO, Principal Executive Officer, President, COO and Director
      


Age: 59
        







Ms. Marianne Havenstrite


      	Principal Financial & Accounting Officer and Treasurer
      


Age: 59
        







Mr. Ronald N. Vance Esq., P.C.


      	Secretary
      


Age: 64
        







Mr. Robert E. Knecht


      	Vice-President
      


Age: 66
        




Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Desert Hawk Gold Corp. Key Developments

Desert Hawk Gold Corp. Announces Management Changes
Apr 7 17
On April 3, 2017, John May and Michael Kurtanjek each resigned from their positions as directors of Desert Hawk Gold Corp. On April 6, 2017, the Board of Directors of the company reduced the number of authorized directors to three and appointed John P. Ryan as a director of the company to fill the vacancy left by Mr. May's resignation as a director. On April 6, 2017, the Board of Directors of the company appointed Rick Havenstrite as Chief Executive Officer and Principal Executive Officer of the company to replace Howard Crosby. Mr. Havenstrite has served as the company's President since April 2009. Since May 1999 he has been the co-owner and president of Overhead Door Company of Sierra/Nevada Inc.


Desert Hawk Gold Corp. announced delayed annual 10-K filing
Apr 3 17
On 04/03/2017, Desert Hawk Gold Corp. announced that they will be unable to file their next 10-K by the deadline required by the SEC.


Desert Hawk Gold Corp. Announces Executive Changes
Mar 14 17
On March 13, 2017, John Ryan resigned from his position as Chief Financial Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer of Desert Hawk Gold Corp. Marianne Havenstrite, the company's Treasurer, will assume the role of Principal Financial and Accounting Officer.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 101 Pipe & Casing, Inc. United States 2Dye4 Anodizing, Inc United States 3 Dimensional Services, Inc. United States 3D Stone, Inc. United States 4-M Precision Stamping, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Private Placement

			      October 14, 2016
			    
--





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Desert Hawk Gold Corp., please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close






























Desert Hawk Gold Corp. | Company Profile from Hoover’s - D&B Hoovers








































































Menu









Buy Reports & Lists
How It Works




United States
United Kingdom



(855) 891-0791


Login
















Company
People
Industry





Search D&B Hoovers: Company | People | Industry








Login





Avention OneSource is now D&B Hoovers. Login here for access to D&B Hoovers, D&B DataVision, D&B Business Browser and iSell
Login







For customers of Hoovers prior to March 1, 2017.
Login




















Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial








Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial




















Search the D&B Hoovers Database

Company

Company
People
Industry

















Home
                >Company Information
                >Company Search
                >Company Overview - Profile


















Company Profile


Information For


Sales Preparation


Marketing Contacts


Revenue & Financial


Available Products


Company Report

















Desert Hawk Gold Corp.Company Information

1290 Holcomb AveReno, NV, 89502 United States(775) 337-8057 †



Unlock more access to Hoover’s!

Build customized email lists 24/7, based on your best customer profile.
Learn more about the companies you want to sell to. Hoover’s has reports on 85+ million companies and 900 industries. 65,000 data points are updated each day. 
Get real insight written by real people – exclusive research and reviews by our in-house Editorial staff.
We can deliver our data to your desktop, to Excel, direct to your CRM, into your custom app, or via mobile. 


Request Your Free Trial

Call (866) 473-3932 today to get started with a FREE TRIAL!
 



 

Desert Hawk Gold Corp. Company Profile
Gold ores
† Some telephone numbers on the Hoover’s site may be on a country’s do not call or do not contact list including, but not limited to, the United Kingdom’s CTPS or TPS registers. It is a legal requirement that companies do not make sales or marketing calls to registered numbers. These are central opt out registers whereby corporate subscribers and individuals can register their preference not to receive unsolicited sales and marketing telephone calls. By using the information provided on the Hoover’s sites, as the direct marketer you represent and warrant that you will use such information in compliance with all applicable local, state, national or international laws and regulations, including any local do not call registers or marketing regulations, and agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Dun & Bradstreet and each of its affiliates in the event your use violates such laws and regulations.

Additional Desert Hawk Gold Corp. Information

Sales Preparation

Get relevant industry context to prepare for your next sales call – trends, competitors, news, call prep questions, and more.



Marketing Campaigns

Find prospect companies that meet the profile of your best customers to maximize campaign ROI.




Credit Management & Finance

Determine and track a company’s financial condition.




Related Tags

Reno, NV, United States
Gold & Silver Mining







































FREE Alerts to Changes in Your D&B® Credit Scores!* Sign Up.
Get CreditSignal® for FREE!*












Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days! Get Started.
Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days

























Desert Hawk Gold Corp. | Revenue and Financial Reports - D&B Hoovers








































































Menu









Buy Reports & Lists
How It Works




United States
United Kingdom



(855) 891-0791


Login
















Company
People
Industry





Search D&B Hoovers: Company | People | Industry








Login





Avention OneSource is now D&B Hoovers. Login here for access to D&B Hoovers, D&B DataVision, D&B Business Browser and iSell
Login







For customers of Hoovers prior to March 1, 2017.
Login




















Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial








Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial




















Search the D&B Hoovers Database

Company

Company
People
Industry

















Home
                >Company Information
                >Company Search
                >Company Overview - Revenue & Financial Data

















Company Profile


Information For


Sales Preparation


Marketing Contacts


Revenue & Financial


Available Products


Company Report















Desert Hawk Gold Corp. Revenue and Financial Data
Gold ores







Financials Information for Desert Hawk Gold Corp.

        Track this company’s financial condition.
View Company Report
Request Your Free Trial




Income Statement
Cash FlowBalance SheetCredit Rating







Income Statement (mil)





Revenue
$1.97905 (Estimated)


Gross Profit
$0.0 (Estimated)


Operating Income
$0.0 (Estimated)


Net Income
$0.0 (Estimated)


Diluted EPS
$0.0 (Estimated)










Cash Flow (mil)





Cash at the beginning of the year
$


Net Operating Cash
$


Net Investing Cash
$


Net Financing Cash
$


Net Change in Cash
$


Cash at end of the year
$


Capital Expenditure
$










Assets (mil)





Current Assets


Cash
$


Net Receivables
$


Inventories
$


Other Income Assets
$


Asset Summary


Total Current Assets
$


Net Fixed Assets
$


Other Noncurrent Assets
$


Total Assets
$






Liabilities (mil)





Current Liabilities


Accounts Payable
$


Short Term Debt
$


Other Current Liabilities
$


Liability Summary


Total Current Liabilities
$


Long Term Debt
$


Other Noncurrent Liabilities
$


Total Liabilities
$






Stakeholder's Equity (mil)





Equity


Preferred Stock Equity
$


Common Stock Equity
$


Equity Summary


Total Equity
$


Shares Outstanding








Credit Rating
              
                
                        High
                        These businesses have a high projected rate of delinquency OR a high failure risk. 






 Need to go deeper? No problem.  Save time with complex financial data at your fingertips Access financial statements, SEC filings, earnings estimates, and more Call (866) 473-3932 to talk to a Business Information Consultant    Request Your Free Trial    


































FREE Alerts to Changes in Your D&B® Credit Scores!* Sign Up.
Get CreditSignal® for FREE!*












Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days! Get Started.
Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days




















































Clifton Mining (angl)  Desert Hawk Gold  completed the overhaul and renovation of the Gold Hill Mill by 24hGold



































 





**

*

RememberForgot password ?






ConnectRegister for a free account





Sign in with Facebook













Close X
                            Cookies are necessary for the proper functioning of 24hGold.com. By continuing your navigation on our website, you are accepting the use of cookies.To learn more about cookies ...




EnglishFrench
SubscribeLog in


Word, article or author
Company name, symbol
A mine, a project
Gold bullion
Silver bullion


Gold & Silver Prices in 

Choose
Chinese
Hindi
English
Spain
Arabic
Thai
French
Deutch






















FORUMGold and silverPolitical, Dollar, USAIt's nice to talk about...Physical Gold and SilverEbay, Amazon, ShopGold and Silver MiningTechnical AnalysisGold and Silver currencyNumismaticEconomy - Stock - PropertyBrainstormGold and Silver wareAnnouncementGold price handlingThe bestThe best places24hGoldWORLD PM NEWSFLOWAllGoldSilverCopperZincPGM & DiamondsOther MetalsOil and GasUraniumMining NewsPHYSICAL GOLD & SILVERGold and Silver DataGold Bullion PricesEbay Gold Search ToolGold Coins PremiumsSilver Bullion PricesEbay Silver Search ToolSilver Coins PremiumsRESOURCE STOCKSCompany profilesReserves and ResourcesProjets, properties and minesProductionTechnical Analysys ToolsLatest DiscoveriesMining Stocks newsflowMining Stocks TrendPowerSTATISTICSStatistics by CountryStatistics by MetalPrecious Metal Price in 159 CurrenciesMetal PricesMarket IndicesGOLD UNIVERSITYGold EssaysAnalysts and ContributorsCommentatorsLatest comments postedTOOLSGold & Silver ConverterGraph GeneratorNissab and ZakatRssUSEFULSubscribeContact-usAbout















Home>Clifton Mining>Press Releases>Desert Hawk Gold  completed the overhaul and renovation of the Gold Hill Mill



ArticlesNewsFlowGold & Silver PricesMarket Briefing









          Legends
        


 
        

          Production
        


 
        

          Mine development
        


 
        

          Discovery
        


 
        

          Exploration
        


 
        

          Past producer
        



          On Google Earth, click on the button, to show property information, and access to project page or company page.
        













In the same category











Plymouth Minerals' Metallurgical Testwork...Metallurg



Trilogy Metals Announces Metallurgical,...Metallurg



KOOTENAY ANNOUNCES DRILL PROGRAM TO TARGET...Target Resources



Mill Recovery Enhancement Project Approved Western Areas NL



Plymouth Minerals Reports Exceptional...Metallurg



to Complete Resource Infill Drilling to Test a Starter...Levon



Begins $6.2M, Phase 1 Exploration Program, Yukon Victoria Gold Corp.



Brucejack Transmission Line Energized Pretium Resources



Reports Restrictions at Veladero Mine Heap Leach...Barrick Gold



Hudbay Provides Update on Operations and Growth Projects HudBay



KTN.v Reports Follow Up Metallurgical Leach...Metallurg



KOOTENAY REPORTS FOLLOW UP...Metallurg













Clifton MiningPublished  : March 13th, 2011(angl)  Desert Hawk Gold  completed the overhaul and renovation of the Gold Hill Mill



      
( 0 vote, 0/5 ) 



                            Print article
                          








 
                          

                            Article
                          

                            Comments
                          

                            Comment this article
                          

                            Rating
                          

♥
                            Follow Company
                          
 
                          










Tweet












0

Send



0

comment



Keywords :     Copper | Precious Metals | Tungsten | 






 


Desert Hawk Gold Corp. (Desert Hawk),
  completed the overhaul and renovation of the Gold Hill m


 




 


 


 




 


 
 
 
 
 
 
Mill Operations 
 
Clifton Mining Company's (Clifton) (OTC :
  CFTN) joint venture partner Desert Hawk Gold Corp. (Desert Hawk), completed
  the overhaul and renovation of the Gold Hill mill in September of 2010. 
  Preliminary mill operations started in October, with fine tuning of the mill
  over the past several months. New crushing and grinding circuits have been
  put in place as well as additional banks of float cells and new gravity
  separation tables, upgrading capacity and recoveries.  A new automated
  crusher has been placed at the mine site so that ore can be crushed before
  being shipped to the mill for processing. 
 
Phase One: Initial Production 
 
Initial production has started at a mine site identified as the Yellow
  Hammer Mine.  Current production includes the recovery of copper, gold,
  silver and tungsten.  The average ore being processed by Desert Hawk is
  running 4-6% copper with gold, silver, and tungsten by-products.  High
  grade zones have exceeded 17% copper.  The first copper, gold, and
  silver concentrate has been shipped to the smelter and the first payment is
  expected in April.  Several other known copper/gold deposits located
  within the area will be used for additional mill feed. 
 
Phase Two: 
 
Phase two involves the construction of a copper heap leach at the mill
  site to extract the oxide copper.  The recovered copper will boost
  revenues and royalties.  Government filings have been submitted, and the
  venture is currently awaiting approval. 
 
Phase Three: 
 
Filings have been made with government agencies to construct a large
  heap leach pad near the Kiewit properties.  This pad is being engineered
  to accommodate not only the gold resources from the Kiewit properties, but
  also silver and gold material from surrounding mine sites.  It is
  anticipated that the government approval will be granted later this year and
  that construction will begin thereafter.  We expect this to be the
  largest and most profitable project for the Company. 
 
Technology: 
 
Rustum
  Roy, one of the premiere solid state physicists, and William Moeller have
  developed a potentially important process and assigned the corresponding US
  Patent (7,850,759) to the Company.  There was a
  error in the filing of the assignment but it has since been corrected. 
  The patent involves the use of microwave technology, and particular
  frequencies, to treat certain types of refractory ore.  Preliminary
  testing at the Department of Metallurgy of the University of Utah has shown this
  technology to increase precious metals recoveries by as much as
  ten-fold.  Clifton will continue testing this process with the intent of
  using it in the mill process and potentially licensing the technology to
  other mining companies. 
 
Lawsuits: 
 
The two lawsuits the Company was previously named in have both been
  amicably settled. 
 
Clifton trades on the U.S. OTC: (CFTN).  
 
Note: Any statements released by Clifton Mining Company that are
  forward looking are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the
  Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.  Editors and investors
  are cautioned that forward looking statements 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 




 
 
 
 
 
 
 


















Clifton Mining









EXPLORATION STAGE



CODE : CFTN













Follow and Invest
















Add Alert
Add to Watchlists
Add to Portfolio
Add Note




ProfileMarketIndicatorsVALUE :Projects & res.PressreleasesAnnualreportRISK :Asset profileContact Cpy

Clifton is an exploration gold and silver company based in United states of america.Its main exploration property is GOLD HILLS (CLIFTON SHEAR ZONES) in USA.Clifton is listed in United States of America. Its market capitalisation is US$    6.8 millions as of today (€    5.9 millions).Its stock quote reached its highest recent level on January 23, 2004 at US$     2.96, and its lowest recent point on November 07, 2008 at US$     0.04.Clifton has   57 024 106 shares outstanding.






                            Your feedback is appreciated, please leave a comment or rate this article.
                          



                            Rate :
                          




















Average note :0  (0 vote)


                              View Top rated
                            



				
                       
                                                            








Project news of Clifton Mining



3/13/2011(Gold Hills (clifton Shear Zones))(angl)  Desert Hawk Gold  completed the overhaul and renovat...







Corporate news of Clifton Mining



5/24/2016American Fork - Clifton Mining Company (OTCBB: CFTN) - Minin...

4/26/2016CLIFTON MINING CO Financials

4/21/2016Clifton Mining Company (OTCBB: CFTN) - Mining Operations Upd...

10/13/2015Clifton Mining Company (OTCBB: CFTN) - Operations and Shareh...

7/9/2015Clifton Mining Company (OTCBB: CFTN) - Approval To Expand

5/6/2015Clifton Mining Company (OTCBB: CFTN) Onsite Inspection

3/31/2015Clifton Mining Company (OTCBB: CFTN) Press Release

12/18/2014Clifton Receives Distribution

11/19/2014First Royalty Payment and Meeting Update

10/10/2014Clifton Mining Company - Production Commences

10/3/2014Proposed New Board Members

9/18/2014Clifton Mining Company - Annual Meeting

7/10/2014Update on Kiewit Project

5/22/2014American Biotech Labs® (ABL) has just announced the release ...

4/29/2014Kiewit Project Update

3/6/2014Keiwit Zone Project Underway

2/25/2014Clifton Mining - Kiewit production

3/19/2013Sweet potato Flat 50% Off

1/5/2013in Brings Weide Watches









Comments closed













           
        

          All
        

          Favorites
        

          Best Rated
        

           
        


















 




Latest comment posted for this article

Be the first to comment

Add your comment













Other OTC  (CFTN)

0.120+12.15%















Other OTC




US$
0.120




07/19

11:50

0.010



12.15%








Prev close
Open



0.107


0.120


Low
High



0.120

0.120


Year l/h
YTD var.



0.090 - 
                    0.140

-%


52 week l/h

                    52 week var.
                  



0.090 - 
                    0.160


-25.00%


Volume

                    1 month var.
                  



450

18.69%










24hGold TrendPower© : -13

 










Produces











Develops











Explores for

Gold - Silver 




































                           



                           



                           






Analyse
















Interactivechart
Print
Compare
Export


















You must be logged in to use the porfolio and watchlists (free)














Top Newsreleases




MOST READ





More... 
















Annual variation















 
    



5 years chart







       
    



3 months chart







       
    



3 months volume chart







       
    



       
    






RSS feed24hGold Mobile

Gold Data CenterGold & Silver Converter

Gold coins on eBaySilver coins on eBay

Technical AnalysisFundamental Analysis




   Mining Company News    Entree Gold(Cu-Au)ETG.TO  Entrée Gold - Annual General  Spec  CA$ 0.57-1.72%Trend Power :      Silver Standard(Ag-Au-Cu)SSO.TO  Provides First Quarter 2017 Corporate Exploration Update  CA$ 12.35-0.24%Trend Power :      Canadian Zinc(Ag-Au-Cu)CZN.TO  Drilling Extends Mineralization at Lemarchant, NFLD  CA$ 0.16-2.94%Trend Power :      Target Resources(Au-Gems)TGT.L  KOOTENAY ANNOUNCES DRILL PROGRAM TO TARGET RESOURCE EXPANSION AT LA CIGARRA SILVER PROJECT=2C MEXICO  GBX 1.10-2.65%Trend Power :      McEwen Mining(Cu-Le-Zn)MUX  Reports Q1 2017 Production Results  US$ 2.61+0.77%Trend Power :      Western Areas NL(Au-Ni-Pl)WSA.AX  Mill Recovery Enhancement Project Approved  AU$ 2.31+4.05%Trend Power :      Levon(Au-Ag)LVN.V  to Complete Resource Infill Drilling to Test a Starter Pit Scenario  CA$ 0.94-3.09%Trend Power :      Victoria Gold Corp.(Au)VIT.V  Begins $6.2M, Phase 1 Exploration Program, Yukon  CA$ 0.53+0.00%Trend Power :      Bonavista Energy(Ngas-Oil)BNP-UN.TO  Announces Increase to Exchangeable Share Ratio  CA$ 28.85-0.93%Trend Power :      Eurasian Min.(Cu-Au-Ag)EMX.V  Announces Release of 2016 Annual Report and Management Discussion and Analysis  CA$ 1.15-4.17%Trend Power :      Columbus Gold(Au)CGT.V  Columbus Gold Announces Voting Results of its Annual Meeting  CA$ 0.34+0.00%Trend Power :      Pretium ResourcesPVG.TO  Brucejack Transmission Line Energized  CA$ 12.70+1.76%Trend Power :      Silver Wheaton(Cu-Le-Zn)SLW.TO  Silver Wheaton Provides Details of Annual and Special Meeting of Shareholders, Files Form 40-F, and  CA$ 28.53+0.85%Trend Power :      Barrick Gold(Cu-Le-Ni)ABX.TO  Reports Restrictions at Veladero Mine Heap Leach Facility  CA$ 26.41-1.49%Trend Power :      HudBay(Cu-Le-Ni)HBM.TO  Hudbay Provides Update on Operations and Growth Projects  CA$ 8.40+2.69%Trend Power :      Silver Standard(Ag-Au-Cu)SSO.TO  Receives Extension on the Chinchillas Project Option Agreement  CA$ 12.35-0.24%Trend Power :      Peregrine Diamonds(Gems)PGD.TO  Announces Results of Voting for Election of Directors  CA$ 0.12-7.41%Trend Power :      Havilah(Cu-Le-Zn)HAV.AX  Portia Gold Sales Exceed 20000 oz  AU$ 0.32+1.56%Trend Power :      Oceana Gold(Au)OGC.AX  ANNOUNCES FIRST GOLD POUR AT THE HAILE GOLD MINE IN SOUTH CAROLINA  AU$ 3.68+1.38%Trend Power :      Uranium Res.(Ur)URRE  Announces Closing of $9.7 Million Public Offering  US$ 1.58-1.25%Trend Power :     









Clifton Mining profile | Clifton Mining news | Clifton Mining market Indicators | Clifton Mining projects and resources | Clifton Mining valuation | Go to Clifton Mining properties | Clifton Mining corporate presentation | Clifton Mining management | Clifton Mining interactive charts | Clifton Mining free charts | Clifton Mining Other OTC





































Gold Editorials | Gold Resource News | Gold Fundamental | Gold Discoveries and Drilling Results | Gold Exploration and drilling | Gold In the News and Medias | Gold Most Read Press Releases | List of Copper mining companies | List of Lead mining companies | List of Nickel mining companies | List of Zinc mining companies | List of Gold mining companies | List of Silver mining companies | List of Platinum mining companies | List of Diamonds mining companies |  金銀市價 | सोने_की_कीमत_और_रजत | Precio del oro y plata | أسعار_الذهب_الفضة | ราคาทองคำและเงิน | gold und silberwechselkurs










FORUMGold and silverPolitical, Dollar, USAIt's nice to talk about...Physical Gold and SilverEbay, Amazon, ShopGold and Silver MiningTechnical AnalysisGold and Silver currencyNumismaticEconomy - Stock - PropertyBrainstormGold and Silver wareAnnouncementGold price handlingThe bestThe best places24hGoldWORLD PM NEWSFLOWAllGoldSilverCopperZincPGM & DiamondsOther MetalsOil and GasUraniumMining NewsTOOLSGold & Silver ConverterGraph GeneratorNissab and ZakatRssPHYSICAL GOLD & SILVERGold and Silver DataGold Bullion PricesEbay Gold Search ToolGold Coins PremiumsSilver Bullion PricesEbay Silver Search ToolSilver Coins PremiumsSTATISTICSStatistics by CountryStatistics by MetalPrecious Metal Price in 159 CurrenciesMetal PricesMarket IndicesUSEFULSubscribeContact-usAboutRESOURCE STOCKSCompany profilesReserves and ResourcesProjets, properties and minesProductionTechnical Analysys ToolsLatest DiscoveriesMining Stocks newsflowMining Stocks TrendPowerGOLD UNIVERSITYGold EssaysAnalysts and ContributorsCommentatorsLatest comments posted











Contact us

Privacy policy

Disclaimer

About us







copyright 24hGold


























	DESERT HAWK Trademark of Desert Hawk Gold Corp.. Serial Number: 85232823 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Metal Products
DESERT HAWK










 
Get FREE email alerts













DESERT HAWK  Trademark Information
 Desert Hawk Gold Corp.
Copper ore and tungsten ore
Gold ore and silver ore




Perfect for these industries

Metal Products
Jewelry Products 





Words that describe this mark
copper   ore   tungsten   ore    
                                    




This is a brand page for the DESERT HAWK trademark by Desert Hawk Gold Corp. 
                                in Spokane, WA, 99208.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this DESERT HAWK trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner Desert Hawk Gold Corp. of the DESERT HAWK trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the DESERT HAWK trademark.
                           






On Wednesday, February 02, 2011,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        DESERT HAWK by 
                        Desert Hawk Gold Corp., Spokane, WA  99208.
                        The USPTO has given the DESERT HAWK 
                        trademark serial  number of  85232823.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is ABANDONED - NO STATEMENT OF USE FILED.
                        The correspondent listed for DESERT HAWK is 
                        
                        
                                            KARL R. CANNON of 
                                            CLAYTON, HOWARTH & CANNON, P.C.,  PO BOX 1909, SANDY, UT 84091-1909 
                                .
                            The DESERT HAWK trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Metal Products
                                , 
                                    Jewelry Products 
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for DESERT HAWK 
                            is Copper ore and tungsten ore. 
                            





Word mark:
 DESERT HAWK


  Status/Status Date:  


ABANDONED - NO STATEMENT OF USE FILED

10/22/2012






  Serial Number:  
85232823


  Filing Date:  
2/2/2011


 Registration Number:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Registration Date:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Goods and Services: 
Copper ore and tungsten ore


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
TradeMark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
1/24/2012


Last Applicant/Owner:

Desert Hawk Gold Corp.Spokane, WA  99208
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Standard Character Mark


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 (NOT AVAILABLE)


 Correspondent:


KARL R. CANNON
CLAYTON, HOWARTH & CANNON, P.C.
PO BOX 1909
SANDY, UT 84091-1909






 Intent to Use Trademark - Applicant has not submitted proof of use in commerce the the USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (006) - Common metals and their alloys; metal building materials; transportable buildings of metal; materials of metal for railway tracks; nonelectric cables and wires of common metal; ironmongery, small items of metal hardware; pipes and tubes of metal; safes; goods of common metal not included in other classes; ores.


First Use Anywhere: 
Not provided


First Use In Commerce: 
Not provided




Primary Class: 
 Class (014) - Precious metals and their alloys and goods in precious metals or coated therewith, not included in other classes; jewelry, precious stones; horological and chronometric instruments.


First Use Anywhere: 
Not provided


First Use In Commerce: 
Not provided





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your DESERT HAWK trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

10/22/2012
ABANDONED - NO STATEMENT OF USE FILED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



KARL R. CANNON


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of DESERT HAWK trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search deserthawk on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for DESERT HAWK 




DESERT HAWK is providing Copper ore and tungsten ore.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 























Desert Hawk Gold Corp. - Relationship Science



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Desert Hawk Gold Corp.



Overview
In The News Executives & Employees Board of Directors Paths
Recent Transactions



Desert Hawk Gold Corp.



 OVERVIEW



Date Founded


1957




Headquarters


1290 Holcomb Avenue, Reno, NV 89502




Industries


Non-Energy Mining & Minerals

Metal Manufacturing & Products




Company Description


Desert Hawk Gold Corp. operates as an exploration stage company. It is engages in the search for mineral deposits or reserves which could be economically and legally extracted or produced. The company was founded on November 5, 1957 and is headquartered in Reno, NV.






 In The News
          See more




Marketwired
July 20, 2017





                        Taku Acquires Strategic Properties from Golden Predator in White Gold District of Yukon                    





RelSci
April 14, 2017





                        Howard M. Crosby is no longer serving in their position at Desert Hawk Gold Corp.                    





PR Newswire
December 7, 2016





                        American Fork - Clifton Mining Company (OTCBB: CFTN) - Update                    





PR Newswire
May 24, 2016





                        American Fork - Clifton Mining Company (OTCBB: CFTN) - Mining Operations Update                    





SEC
May 23, 2016





                        Desert Hawk Gold Corp. filed form 10-Q                    







See full news coverage and complete stories with RelSci Professional.

Create Your News Feed








See  More 





 Executives & Employees



Richard S. Havenstrite

President




Marianne Havenstrite

Treasurer, Chief Financial & Accounting Officer







See our list of current and previous employees when you upgrade.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 



                          Board of Directors                        



Howard M. Crosby

President & Director at Wexford Petroleum Corp.




John P. Ryan

Chairman, President, Chief Executive Officer & Chief Financial Officer at Independence Resources PLC





Richard S. Havenstrite

President at Desert Hawk Gold Corp.




Zachary Weiner

Portfolio Manager at DMRJ Group LLC







See our list of current and previous board members when you upgrade.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Paths to Desert Hawk Gold Corp.



                        Desert Hawk Gold Corp.                    




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Desert Hawk Gold Corp.






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Desert Hawk Gold Corp..

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Recent Transactions



 Details Hidden



                                    Desert Hawk Gold Corp. raised money in a private placement transaction                                                                    




 Details Hidden



                                    Desert Hawk Gold Corp. raised money in a private placement transaction                                                                    




 Details Hidden



                                    Desert Hawk Gold Corp. raised money in a private placement transaction                                                                    




 Details Hidden



                                    Desert Hawk Gold Corp. raised money in a private placement transaction                                                                    




 Details Hidden



                                    Desert Hawk Gold Corp. raised money in a private placement transaction                                                                    






See 4 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 4 More 


 



You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.















Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤















DESERT HAWK GOLD CORP - SPOKANE, WA - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



WA



SPOKANE



Nonclassifiable Establishments



Nonclassifiable Establishments



                            DESERT HAWK GOLD CORP
                                    



 





















D 


DESERT HAWK GOLD CORP
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



7115 N DIV ST STE B 351 SPOKANE, WA 99208
Get Directions



(509) 434-8161





Business Info



 Founded --
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue --
 Employee Count 0
 Industries Nonclassifiable Establishments
 Contacts 






Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message










VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







D

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com







Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

















403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.





































Clifton Mining


















New Mine Video

OFFICIAL WEBSITEFounded in 1993 as a natural resource company focused on silver, gold and lead production on its 12,400 acres Joint Venture property, located on the Utah-Nevada border, Clifton Mining Company’s property contains both patented and load claims, and the company has a 250 tons/day production mill facility.






Clifton Mining 












Clifton Mining 
									Company Summary								
Just Beginning to Scratch the Surface 




The Clifton Mining District, the site of the first mill in Utah, were discovered and mined from the 1860s until the early 1900s.
What attracted so many prospectors to the region is a series of abundantly mineralized shear zones, most of which average between 2 1⁄2 and 10 feet wide, and outcropping for more than a mile.
For almost a century the area now known as the Clifton Shear Zones, near Gold Hill, Utah, was divided into a jumble of independent mining properties, that had been mined by the original owners of the Clifton claims and later inherited by their families. Because this had been an important historic mining district, several large mining companies tried to consolidate these claims in the 1950s and 1960s. But because the separate ownership of these small, irregularly shaped, parcels made modern, large scale mining impossible, and because these companies were unable to negotiate with so many families, they abandoned the attempt. William Moeller, presently the CEO of Clifton Mining, spent more than two decades negotiating with these families and eventually acquired the heart of the Clifton Mining District.
Gold Hill Operations, Gold Hill Utah
Positive Outlook For Silver Prices
It is widely agreed by precious metals analysts that silver prices will rise sharply in the coming years. In each of the last 10+ years world wide silver consumption has exceeded world wide silver production by more than 100 million ounces. The excessive inventories of the early 1980s have now been entirely exhausted, and the U.S. strategic stockpile of silver, 3 billion ounces not that long ago, is now entirely depleted. Inventories are at their lowest levels in more than 50 years and are continuing to decline.
At the same time, persistently low silver prices have left silver companies with impaired balance sheets and forced them to cut back on exploration. Few new silver mines have been discovered in the past decade, and little additional silver production is likely to come onstream for years, independent of the silver price. On the demand side, the silver shortage of the late 1970s led companies to restrict silver usage to only the highest value added applications. These applications would be profitable even with silver many times today’s price.
As a result of the insensitivity of both supply and demand to the silver price, once inventories are exhausted, the price of silver will rise sharply. This will make production from the Clifton Shear Zones exceptionally profitable.
Location, Location, Location
The Clifton Mining District is arguably in one of the best locations in the world for mining precious metals. It is readily accessible, just over an hour south of Wendover, on the Utah-Nevada border, off Interstate I-80. Yet it is remote, with one of the lowest population densities in the country. It lies directly uphill from a U.S. Air Force gunnery range, so that environmental concerns are as minimal as anywhere in North America. It is located in the U.S., where political risk is minimal, and in Utah, one of the friendliest states to responsible mining.
When standing atop a Clifton ridge, just about the only sounds one may ever hear are occasional fighter-jet flybys or explosives testing taking place at a nearby U.S. military range. Because of its isolation, local policymakers in the sparsely populated region have welcomed Clifton’s combination of economic benefit and environmental conscientiousness.
“Development in a remote, relatively desolate area like ours is looked upon more favorably by agencies and government officials charged with balancing economic prosperity and environmental stewardship,” says Moeller. “The sounds in the distance remind me that, as a mining enterprise, our location represents an important strategic advantage.”
Such favor was evidenced in 1996 when county officials authorized the issuance of industrial revenue bonds to finance plant construction at Clifton’s property. Though the company has elected not to exercise its municipal debt option at present, management realizes how rare this sort of “seal of approval” can be.
“If a bond issuance of this kind has ever been offered to another mining company, I’ve never heard of it happening,” says Moeller. “It speaks to the quality of our studies and the long-term relationship we have fostered with local and state regulators.”.












It’s like a treasure map someone has laid out for us. You can literally see the veins stretching across the mountainscape
William D. Moeller, Former CEO 


 













Clifton Mining 
									Resource Summary								




The Clifton Shear Veins
The Clifton Shear Zones are just one of the numerous gold and silver deposits found on the Clifton joint venture properties. The Shear Vein system contains over forty identified veins that were mined historically in the 1800’s and early 1900’s. The Shear Vein system is made up of mostly patented mining claims. These claims were originally owned by as many as 100 surviving descendants of the original miners. It took management almost 30 years to obtain every patented claim in this historic mine area, and to form them into one contiguous block of claims. Two independent mine engineering reports have been issued on the property, both outlining a very large ore potential in the Shear Vein system. But, with recent changes in the laws governing the issuance of proven and probable reserve estimates, neither of the two reports meet the new requirements and as such will not be discussed further herein.
The veins are a rich source of silver, lead and gold. The Shear Veins are unique in the fact that they come right to the surface. The Shear Veins are visible on the surface for distances of up to 6,000 ft. Approximately 100 mine workings penetrate the shear veins and give access into the veins for distances of over 400 ft. The old workings are located on all sides of the Shear Vein property at varying elevations, enabling the company to show consistent silver, gold, and lead values throughout the shear vein system. These veins were originally mined from about 1860 to the early 1900’s. At that time, the ore had to be shipped at least 100 miles by wagon, 3-to-5 tons at a time, to be processed. This attests to the exceptionally high value of the mined ore.
Other Clifton Mineral Deposits
Clifton Mining’s long term value is further enhanced by the identification of additional mineral deposits within the claim area. Two additional types of mineral deposits have been discovered within Clifton Mining’s property boundaries, and there is strong evidence of a third. They are skarn deposits, bedded replacement deposits, and the probable third is a porphyry deposit.
Skarn Deposits
Clifton Mining’s skarn system is a two-mile-long system with numerous surface exposures. (see Figure 1). Historical records in the area report some gold values associated with these skarns to be in the multiple-ounce gold category. Copper, which is also associated with the Clifton skarns, can exceed 10%. Samples taken within Clifton Mining’s skarn system have already shown values in excess of 0.3 oz./ton gold. Further drill work and sampling will be necessary to delineate exact boundaries and tonnage potentials, however it is currently estimated that Clifton’s skarn system may hold as much mineral value potential as the Shear Zones.
Bedded Replacement Deposits
Clifton Mining has already discovered and assayed numerous bedded replacement deposits within the Clifton claim block (see Figure 2). . The assay values associated with these deposits have typically been very high-grade. Assay work completed on the surface and within accessible mine workings, shows value ranges from 0.014 to 0.50 oz./ton gold, 8.0 to 50.0 oz./ton silver, 1 to 30% copper (Monocco bedding), and lead values from 7 to 34%. Current information shows average values within the bedded replacement deposits of approximately 0.04 oz./ton gold, 12 oz./ton silver, and 10% lead. The Clifton Cabin bedding, which was core drilled (see announcement 11/3/97), showed average values of 28.11 oz/ton silver, 17.6% lead, and 0.013 oz/ton gold.
Porphyry Deposit
Clifton Mining can also show strong evidence that a large mineralized porphyry system intrudes the property from the east side, holding promise for a large deep-seated copper or copper molybdenum deposit (see Figure 3). . It is expected that this porphyry deposit will be similar to the Ruth (Robinson) deposit, located only 70 miles south of Clifton Mining’s property. The Ruth deposit has produced 320 million tons of ore to date, including 2.7 million tons of copper and 90 tons of gold.
Ultimate Potential
Many geologists who have visited the Clifton area have commented on the similarity of this district to the major gold producing areas of the Carlin Trend. There are the same indicator minerals for gold along with numerous silica blowouts, called jasperoids. Drill cores have shown intensive geological activity, preparing the ground for significant mineralization. Ultimately, we hope this district will provide similar world class deposits of gold similar to those of the Carlin Trend.
Recent Results
The Kiewit Gold Project is a low-grade/ high-volume heap leach gold project.  The project started into production late in the fall of 2014.  The project is operated by Clifton’s partner Desert Hawk Gold Corporation (Desert Hawk).   Desert Hawk has announced that its intention is to produce 10,000-20,000 ounces of gold annually from this project.  Clifton receives a five percent (5%) net smelter return on the project for all precious metals coming from the Kiewit deposit.  Heap leach projects start slow and then move to higher production and recovery of gold and silver metals as more metal bearing rock is crushed and loaded onto the pad. 
The Management of Clifton Mining has recently completed an onsite inspection of the Desert Hawk/Clifton heap leach operation.  Now that the weather is cooperating the project has moved from limited winter production back into full swing operations.  Mining has commenced in a large way moving as many as 5,000 tons daily onto the large heap leach pad.  Leaching operations are expanding as the first layer on the pad is being filled.  Within a few months this much larger surface area will help increase gold production significantly.
In the latest update Desert Hawk Mining, Clifton’s partner at Kiewit, has received approval to expand the current Kiewit open pit operations to the east.  This should roughly double the size of the pit, substantially increasing both the rate of production and the mine life.  New drilling that has been completed has revealed material of similar grade to the east of current operations.   This shows that the system is not limited to the immediate area of the current pit and has confirmed the potential for this deposit to be significantly larger than had previously been anticipated.  As Rick Havenstrite, president of Desert Hawk, put it: “All that has been previously known is that the mineralized structures from the Kiewit pit outcrop 500 feet to the east of the original pit.  Due to topography it has not been previously feasible to drill in this area.  We have been working for two weeks to develop a haul road and pre-strip the new zone.  The haul road is complete and the first production drill pattern was shot this week.  About 50,000 tons of waste has already been removed.   Based on this drilling we have confirmed the geologic continuity.  The deposit remains wide open in nearly every direction.”   We expect further drilling to produce a certifiable resource by this time next year.  In order to have a direct view of the current operations please see the three new film clips downloaded to both the Company’s website and also to YOUTUBE.
Conclusion
Clifton’s management is very positive about the work completed so far and the potential deposits that have been outlined to date, but feel that it is only the tip of the iceberg.k completed so far and the potential deposits that have been outlined to date, but feel that it is only the tip of the iceberg.











American Biotech Labs
Clifton Mining owns approximately 20% of American Biotech Labs.  For more information about American Biotech Labs visit: American Biotech Labs 


 











Clifton Mining 
									Recent Announcements 								











7 December 201617:50

Clifton Mining



Shareholders Meeting and Operations Update

PRESS RELEASE December 7, 2016 AMERICAN FORK – Clifton Mining Company (OTCBB: CFTN) – UPDATE Shareholder’s Meeting The annual shareholder meeting was originally schedule for Friday November 11, 2011, however an error occurred in the voting process and the meeting had to be reschedule for December 22, 2016, at 3:30 […]









24 May 20164:14

Clifton Mining



Mining Operations Update

PRESS RELEASE         May 24, 2016 AMERICAN FORK – Clifton Mining Company (OTCBB: CFTN) MINING OPERATIONS UPDATE Clifton management has received a link to a video prepared by Rick Havenstrite, President of Desert Hawk Gold Corp and his team, providing a visual update on the Kiewit Mine Project. The web […]









21 April 20164:12

Clifton Mining



Mining Operations

PRESS RELEASE         April 21, 2016 ALPINE – Clifton Mining Company (OTCBB: CFTN) MINING OPERATIONS UPDATE Mining Operations After a difficult winter, the snows at Clifton have melted and Desert Hawk Gold Corp. is ramping up production at the Kiewit project.  With the infrastructure fully in place and a good […]


















Financials








Statements
 Statements 









OTC Stock Price
OTC Stock Price 









Metals Price
Metals Price 















Clifton Mining 
									Photo Gallery 								
See Our Progress Click on any photo to see more information. 







Show allPhotosVideos







Desert Hawk Mine at Gold HillVideos








Assay 6.19.2015Photos








Assay 6.19.15Photos








Clifton Mine Update 5/22/2015Photos








Clifton Mine Update 5/22/2015Photos








Clifton Mine Update 5/22/2015Photos








Clifton Mine Update 5/22/2015Photos








Clifton Mine Update 5/22/2015Photos








Clifton Mine Update 5/22/2015Photos








Clifton Mining Update | 3/31/15 | BottomVideos








Clifton Mining Update | 3/31/15 | DiggingVideos








Mine Update 8/18/2014 (5)Photos








Mine Update 8/18/2014 (4)Photos








Mine Update 8/18/2014 (3)Photos








Mine Update 8/18/2014 (2)Photos








Mine Update 8/18/2014 (1)Photos








Heap Leach – Clifton Mining Co. – Ore CrusherVideos








Heap Leach – Clifton Mining Co – Loading Trucks with OreVideos








Heap Leach Overview – Clifton Mine – 7-28-2014Videos








Heap Leach Video – Clifton Mine – pregnant solution pondVideos








Heap Leach Ore Crusher – 7-28-2014Photos








Heap Leach Clifton Mine 7-28-2014 – Adding Ore To Heap LeachPhotos








Heap Leach Update 7-28-2014Photos





















FAQ
What's a heap Leach?Much of the gold that’s mined around the world today uses chemicals to extract the gold from the ore. The most common process for doing this is called a heap leach. In a heap leach, the gold ore is ground down to the optimal leaching particle size (determined after a lot of testing), and then it’s stacked in a layers on top of a very durable plastic type pad (there is also a second safety pad usually put beneath the first one to make sure there are no leaks in the upper pad).  After a layer of protective sand is put on top of the pad to protect it from the rocks, the ground up ore is piled on top of the sand, usually in layers of 5-10 feet in thickness.  Then a water/chemical solution is sprayed over the top of the heap of ground up ore.  As the solution flows over the ore particles, it dissolves the gold out of the rocks. The gold stays dissolved in the liquid, thereby removing the gold from the ore.  This solution trickles down through the pile and is collected at the bottom in a pond, called a pregnant solution pond.  The mine operator will then pull the liquid from the pond and put it through a process that strips the gold from the liquid.  The liquid will then be recycled back up to the top of the pile and the whole process will start again. It takes quite a while to extract most of the gold out of the rock, which is why heap leaches usually run for years.  You can still be extracting gold from the first ore put on the pile, while new ore layers are being added on top.  A heap leach can ultimately end up more than 150 feet high.  The chemical used to extract the gold will eventually oxidize or break down chemically and become a plant fertilizer.  Once the operation is complete, the heap leach is reclaimed to look like any other hill in the area, the chemical fertilizer may help plants to grow even faster to completely restore the natural look of the entire area. 


 











Clifton Mining 
									Contact us								
For More Information 705 East 50 South, American Fork, UT 84003  801-756-1414 




 


Contact Us For More Information:













Name



Email



Phone







Message










Send message

















































Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.


