










 







Designing Strategies Fund II, LLC - Pooled Investment Fund- Mc Griff  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









Designing Strategies Fund II, LLC

      Industry: Pooled Investment Fund
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    1203 S. White Chapel Blvd., Suite 250  
    Southlake, TX, 76092Phone: 817-741-8000 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-12-15


New


Yet to Sell


$0


Other


06b


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Joel Mc Griff 
 Executive 


 The Mc Griff Alliance, Inc. 
 Executive 





















 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Designing Strategies Fund, LLC - List of CEOs, founders and company directors

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











Designing Strategies Fund, LLC
List of persons related to the company Designing Strategies Fund, LLC. Find out list of CEOs, founders, board members, and company directors of Designing Strategies Fund, LLC.

CIK Number: 0001660291IRS Number: 475634556Company address: 251 E. SOUTHLAKE BLVD., SUITE 100  SOUTHLAKE 76092Phone number: 817-741-8000



People related to Designing Strategies Fund, LLC
NamePositionStreetCityCountryMcGriff  Joel2201 Providence Park Suite 100BirminghamALThe  McGriff Alliance, Inc.2201 Providence Park Suite 100BirminghamAL




Designing Strategies Fund, LLC on the Web
Related companiesDesigning Strategies Fund II, LLC












 








Designing Strategies Fund II, LLC - List of CEOs, founders and company directors

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











Designing Strategies Fund II, LLC
List of persons related to the company Designing Strategies Fund II, LLC. Find out list of CEOs, founders, board members, and company directors of Designing Strategies Fund II, LLC.

CIK Number: 0001692481IRS Number: 384019633Company address: 1203 S. WHITE CHAPEL BLVD., SUITE 250  SOUTHLAKE 76092Phone number: 817-741-8000



People related to Designing Strategies Fund II, LLC
NamePositionStreetCityCountryMcGriff  Joel2201 Providence Park Suite 100BirminghamALThe  McGriff Alliance, Inc.2201 Providence Park Suite 100BirminghamAL




Designing Strategies Fund II, LLC on the Web
Related companiesDesigning Strategies Fund, LLC












 









Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









 



SkyBridge Capital: Specializing in fund of hedge funds, custom portfolios and hedge fund advisory services.































Search







Request Information


Contact Us


Log In









Search










SkyBridge Capital
Contact Us
Investment Solutions
Insights
News & Media
SALT Conference
 


SkyBridge is a global alternative investment firm that specializes in funds of hedge funds products, custom separate account portfolios, hedge fund advisory services and a long-only mutual fund.




Our Funds



SkyBridge manages thematic, forward looking multi-strategy fund of hedge funds.
SkyBridge’s registered funds are offered under the Investment Company Act of 1940 as closed-end, non-diversified, management investment companies whose shares are registered under the Securities Act of 1933. SkyBridge’s registered funds are structured as onshore Delaware LLCs that are taxed as regulated investment companies (RIC). The registered funds have modest minimum investment requirements and are accessible to a broad range of investors.
The SkyBridge Dividend Value Fund is structured as a mutual fund. The Fund is a core holding appropriate for many investors and a complementary diversifier to our fund of funds product.
SkyBridge’s private funds may be structured as one or both of onshore or offshore funds offered to qualified investors. Due to securities regulations, information on private funds is available to existing fund investors and previously qualified individuals and institutions of appropriate sophistication and net worth, and is not available to the general public.






Back To Top




Contact SkyBridge Capital
Interested in learning about investing with SkyBridge? Please fill out the form to determine preliminary eligibility and a qualified SkyBridge representative will contact you shortly. Your information will remain strictly confidential.


Request Information




Past performance does not guarantee future results. Actual results may vary.
            Copyright © 2017 by SkyBridge Capital II, LLC. All rights reserved.  |  Legal


Contact us by email here
            Call us at 212.485.3100













 



SkyBridge Capital: Specializing in fund of hedge funds, custom portfolios and hedge fund advisory services.





























Search







Request Information


Contact Us


Log In









Search










SkyBridge Capital
Contact Us
Investment Solutions
Insights
News & Media
SALT Conference
 


SkyBridge is a global alternative investment firm that specializes in funds of hedge funds products, custom separate account portfolios, hedge fund advisory services and a long-only mutual fund.












J.P. Morgan Funds - Access Funds 

Access Funds 















Home | Proxy Info | About Us | Contact Us




JPMorgan Access Funds







Home


Funds


Access Balanced Fund


Access Growth Fund


Fund Documents


Investment Philosophy


Overview


Portfolio Construction


Diversification


Risk Management


About the Team
 












 





Introducing portfolios that represent the strength of our investment experience 


The JPMorgan Access Funds (the “Funds”) have been specifically designed to reflect the same strategic and tactical thinking that underlie J.P. Morgan’s recommended private client investment portfolios.


JPMorgan Access Funds give investors access to: 

Diversified multi-asset class, multi-manager portfolios with daily liquidity
Strategic insights and tactical solutions based on J.P. Morgan's highest-conviction ideas for its private clients
Experienced investment team and rigorous portfolio construction and risk management processes
Wide array of investment styles and strategies, including structured strategies and alternative assets









CLIENT LOG ON

-- Select One --

			JPMorgan Online
		

			Morgan Online
		

			More Services...
		






Select an option and click go. Some applications will require you to leave this site to log on.













 








RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH INVESTING IN THE FUNDS:

The Funds invest in international securities, which involve a greater degree of risk and increased volatility. Changes in currency exchange rates and differences in accounting and taxation policies outside the U.S. can raise or lower returns. The Funds also invest in bonds, which are subject to interest rate risks. Bond prices generally fall when interest rates rise. The Funds may also use derivatives as a tool in the management of Fund assets. The use of derivatives for hedging, risk management or to increase income or gain may not be successful and could result in losses. Derivatives also expose the Fund to the credit risk of the derivative counterparty. The Funds invest in real estate, which is subject to declines in the value of real estate, risks related to general and economic conditions, changes in the value of the underlying property owned by the trust and defaults by borrower. Structured investments, in which the Funds may also invest, may involve a high degree of risk, and may be appropriate investments only for sophisticated investors who are capable of understanding and assuming the risks involved. The manager of the Funds participates in short selling, which involves certain risks, including additional costs associated with covering short positions and a possibility of unlimited loss on certain short sale positions. The Funds invest in high yield securities rated below investment grade. Although these securities tend to provide higher yields than higher rated securities, there is a greater risk that the Funds’ share price will decline. Portfolio turnover may vary greatly from year to year, as well as within a particular year. High rates of portfolio turnover may result in short-term capital gain that will generally be taxable to shareholders as ordinary income. 






Terms of Use | Privacy and Security | Interactive Data Filings

Copyright © 2017 JPMorgan Chase & Co. All rights reserved.


 
	This website is a general communication being provided for informational purposes only. It is educational in nature and not designed to be a recommendation for any specific investment product, strategy, plan feature or other purposes. By receiving this communication you agree with the intended purpose described above. Any examples used in this material are generic, hypothetical and for illustration purposes only. None of J.P. Morgan Asset Management, its affiliates or representatives is suggesting that the recipient or any other person take a specific course of action or any action at all. Communications such as this are not impartial and are provided in connection with the advertising and marketing of products and services. Prior to making any investment or financial decisions, an investor should seek individualized advice from a personal financial, legal, tax and other professional advisors that take into account all of the particular facts and circumstances of an investor’s own situation.
Contact JPMorgan Distribution Services at 1-800-480-4111 for a fund prospectus or download it from this site. Investors should carefully consider the investment objectives and risks as well as charges and expenses of the mutual funds before investing. The prospectus contains this and other information about the mutual funds. Read the prospectus carefully before investing.
Opinions and statements of financial market trends that are based on current market conditions constitute our judgment and are subject to change without notice. We believe the information provided here is reliable but should not be assumed to be accurate or complete. The views and strategies described may not be suitable for all investors.
JPMorgan Access Funds are distributed by JPMorgan Distribution Services, Inc., which is an affiliate of JPMorgan Chase & Co. Affiliates of JPMorgan Chase & Co. receive fees for providing various services to the Funds. JPMorgan Distribution Services Inc., member FINRA/SIPC.
	
J.P. Morgan Asset Management is the marketing name for the asset management businesses of JPMorgan Chase & Co. Those businesses include, but are not limited to, J.P. Morgan Investment Management Inc.,  Security Capital Research & Management Incorporated and J.P. Morgan Alternative Asset Management, Inc.
NOT FDIC INSURED | NO BANK GUARANTEE | MAY LOSE VALUE









﻿







Designing Strategies Fund  Filing. Joseph Barkate  Submitted Dec 9  SEC form – Octafinance






















































 








Friday, 28 July 2017

























 

Menu



Featured News


						2 years ago - Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Tests Its Ad Technology On Billboards To Cushion Itself Against Ad Blocks


						2 years ago - China Margin Debt Hits 8-Week High, Japan Pumps’n’Dumps As Kyle Bass Fears Looming EM Banking Crisis


						2 years ago - Marc Faber Shares His Insight in One Hour Exclusive Interview. He Covers All From Commodities and China to Inflation, The Euro and Gold


						2 years ago - Carl Icahn Criticizes the Fed. Feels Bad For Investors Buying Junk Bonds


						2 years ago - John Burbank: European QE Can’t Save The Markets Same As the U.S. Quantitative Easing. Everything Will Be Liquidated










Designing Strategies Fund  Filing. Joseph Barkate  Submitted Dec 9  SEC form


12/10/2015  by OctaStaff 
			in Private Financing News 












Share with your friendsYour NameYour EmailRecipient EmailEnter a MessageI read this article and found it very interesting, thought it might be interesting for you. The article is called Designing Strategies Fund  Filing. Joseph Barkate  Submitted Dec 9  SEC form and is was published by Octafinance.com at http://www.octafinance.com/designing-strategies-fund-filing-joseph-barkate-submitted-dec-9-sec-form/308105/.CaptchaSubmit
Designing Strategies Fund Form D
The Alabama-based Designing Strategies Fund, Llc had published form D because of $5.00 million offering. This is a new filing. Designing Strategies Fund, Llc is expected to fundraise $5.00 million in this offering. The total offering amount was $5.00 million. The private offering document was filed on 2015-12-09. Designing Strategies Fund, Llc’s clarification was: No commissions or fees paid on the raise of funds. Fees are only paid for services to the fund.. The offering has $5.00 million left to be raised and is still open.
 Designing Strategies Fund is based in Alabama. The firm’s business is Pooled Investment Fund. The D form was submitted by Joseph Barkate Agent, Designing Strategies Fund, LLC. The company was incorporated in 2015. The filler’s address is: 251 E. Southlake Blvd., Suite 100, Southlake, Tx, Texas, 76092. Joel Mcgriff is the related person in the form and it has address: 2201 Providence Park, Suite 100, Birmingham, Al, Alabama, 35242. Link to Designing Strategies Fund Filing: 000166029115000001.
Analysis of Designing Strategies Fund Offering
On average, companies in the Pooled Investment Fund sector, sell 37.80 % pooled investment fund interests. Designing Strategies Fund sold 0.00 % of the offering. The average investment offering size is $24.76 million for companies in the Pooled Investment Fund industry sector. The total amount raised is 100.00 % smaller than the average for companies in the Pooled Investment Fund sector. 

Receive News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.







 
Tagged: Fundraising $1m+Pooled Investment Fund



Memorialcare Surgical Center At Saddleback  $243750  Financing. Mark Schafer  Published Dec 9  form Triple Ring Technologies  $5.12 million  Fundraising. Joseph A Heanue  Published Dec 9  SEC form 



 





Free Email Newsletter
    Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for your stocks with our FREE daily email newsletter:







Hedge Fund NewsTop 10 CITADEL ADVISORS 13F Holdings in Q3 2015DF DENT & CO INC Just Released Its Q3 2015 Stock PositionsMAVERICK CAPITAL Top 10 Holdings in Q3 2015Analyzing Ken Griffins CITADEL ADVISORS Stock Holdings in Q3 2015LONE PINE CAPITAL Top 10 13F Positions in Q3 2015Guru NewsFelix Zulauf Sees a Stock Market Correction Coming. This Rally S&P 500 (INDEXSP:.INX) Will Be Short-LivedMarc Faber Shares His Insight in One Hour Exclusive Interview. He Covers All From Commodities and China to Inflation, The Euro and GoldJim Grant: The Next Thing Might Be Helicopter Money. What to Buy and Where He Sees Investment OpportunitiesKyle Bass Bearish on Emerging Markets for at least 2 More Years. Looking to Short CurrenciesDavid Tepper Gets Defensive. Is it Time to Get Out of The Stock Market?


CTAs NewsRed Rock Just Published Report About The Trend Following Landscape & How CTAs’ Performance Must Be AnalyzedHow to Implement Dual Momentum for non-US InvestorsDo Commodity Trading Advisors (CTAs) Really Provide Crisis Alpha, Equity Hedge and Are Long Volatility?



















