

Destra Investment Trust II: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























destra investment trust ii
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Investment Management
Destra Investment Trust Ii is headquartered in the United States. The company's line of business includes the management of funds, trusts, and foundations organized for purposes other than religious, educational, charitable, or nonprofit research.




Corporate Information
Address:



Phone:
-


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.destracapital.com























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data

































    Robert Watson | Destra Capital Management LLC. | ZoomInfo.com


 Destra Investment Trust II (Form: 497, Received: 02/17/2015 13:52:28) 












	Rule 497(e)




	Registration Nos. 333-171933 and 811-22523







	Destra Investment Trust II







	Destra Preferred and Income Securities Fund




	(the

	“Fund”

	)









	Supplement to the Statement of Additional Information dated January 30, 2015










	Dated February 17, 2015










	Effective immediately, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Fund’s Prospectus or Statement of Additional Information, the Statement of Additional Information is revised in the following manner:







	The section entitled “Tax Matters” is revised by adding the following to the end of the section:






	 







	Capital Loss Carryforward







	 





	Under the Regulated Investment Company Modernization Act of 2010 (the

	“RIC Modernization Act”

	), net capital losses of the Fund may be carried forward indefinitely, and their character is retained as short-term and/or long-term losses.  To the extent that these loss carryforwards are used to offset future capital gains, it is probable that the capital gains so offset will not be distributed to Fund shareholders.  As of September 30, 2014, the Fund had net capital losses for federal income tax purposes shown in the table below.  The Fund is subject to certain limitations, under U.S. tax rules, on the use of capital loss carryforwards and net unrealized built-in losses. These limitations apply when there has been a 50% change in ownership.












	Short-Term Capital Loss Carryforward








	Long-Term Capital Loss Carryforward









	$     (182,910)






	$     0

















	Please Keep this Supplement with Your Fund Statement of Additional Information




	 for Future Reference





















 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version













  DTIUBX Quote - Destra Targeted Income Unit Investment Trust - Series II Fund - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Destra Targeted Income Unit Investment Trust - Series II   DTIUBX:US      Expired     USD             Fund Type   UIT                  


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Fund Type   UIT    Objective   -    Asset Class Focus   -    Geographic Focus   -    NAV (on -)   -    Total Assets (USD) (on -)   -    Inception Date   10/01/2012    Last Dividend (on -)   -    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -    Fund Managers   -    Front Load Fee   -    Back Load Fee   -    Redemption Fee   -    12b-1 Fee   -    Current Mgmt Fee   -    Expense Ratio   -                     Profile   Destra Targeted Income Unit Investment Trust - Series II is a unit investment trust incorporated in the USA.  Termination Date: 9/30/2037   Distribution Frequency: Quarterly    Address  *   Phone  -   Website   -              


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













destra capital :: about



















 








you are leaving Destracapital.com
It is important to note that by clicking on this link you will be leaving this website and any information viewed there is not the property of Destra Capital Investments LLC.


leave destracapital.com
stay on destracapital.com









877.855.3434log in 


Destra Capital




 



Experience Rises Above the Noise™ At Destra, we emphasize the long view rather than worry  about the latest economic turn. Our goal is to offer  products that rise above fleeting market statistics and  seek opportunity to generate above-market returns over  time. We recognize that downside protection is key to success  for investors, and that is why it’s at the center of our Responsible Alpha® investing approach.  We take the big picture perspective in selecting  experienced investment managers with unique investment  strategies. Offering these experienced managers in various product  structures, we seek to provide investors with less risk and  the opportunity for greater returns over time.


   History Our TeamContact   


A History of Partnership




 
 




 

Destra is Founded
Aug 2008
 
 



 

Destra Mutual Funds Launched
Destra Focused Equity Fund (DFOAX, DFOIX, DFOCX) and the Destra Flaherty & Crumrine Preferred and Income Fund (DPIAX, DPIIX, DPICX) are lauched.
Apr 2011
 
 



 

Destra Dividend Total Return Fund Launched
Destra added to it's family of funds by launching the Destra Dividend Total Return Fund (DHDAX, DHDIX, DHDCX).
Aug 2011
 
 



 

ARDC IPO Raises $370M+
Destra raises over $370 million as the distributor of the Ares Dynamic Credit Allocation Fund (NYSE: ARDC).
Nov 2012
 
 



 

DFP IPO Raises over $525M
Destra raises over $525 million as the distributor of the Flaherty & Crumrine Dynamic Preferred & Income Fund (NYSE: DFP).
May 2013
 
 



 

Destra Appointed Service Agent to FFC and FLC
Flaherty & Crumrine closed end funds, FFC & FLC, appoint Destra as the Secondary Market and Service agent to the two NYSE listed Funds.
Jun 2013
 
 



 

Destra Appointed Distributor of Meridian Funds
ArrowMark Partners, the Investment Advisor to the Meridian Funds, appoints Destra Capital Investments, LLC as the Meridian Funds Distributor
Jul 2013
 
 



 

Destra Appointed Service Agent to ARCC
Ares Capital Corporate (NASDAQ: ARCC) appoints Destra to provide Secondary Market Services to the Fund, the largest publicly traded Business Development Company (BDC) in the market.
Oct 2013
 
 



 

ARMF IPO Raises over $150M
Destra raises over $150M as the distributor of the Ares Multi-Strategy Credit Fund (NYSE:ARMF).
Oct 2013
 
 



 

THQ IPO Raises over $910M
Destra raises over $910M as the distributor of the Tekla Healthcare Opportunities Fund (NYSE:THQ).
Jul 2014
 
 



 

Destra Relocated To New Chicago Headquarters
Destra moves into new corporate headquarters in downtown Chicago, One North Wacker Drive, 48th Floor, Chicago, IL 60606.
Dec 2014
 
 



 

THW Raises of $685M in IPO
Destra raises over $685M as the distributor of the Tekla World Healthcare Fund (NYSE:THW).
Jul 2015
 
 



 

Launch of Destra Wolverine Alternative Opportunities Fund
Destra launches its first “liquid alts” mutual fund, the Destra Wolverine Alternative Opportunities Fund.
Oct 2015
 
 
 
 



 Our Team       	  	  	  	  	Dominic Martellaro     	  	  	  	  	Chief Executive Officer    Co-founder Dominic Martellaro has executive responsibility for business development, distribution, and key partner relationships. In his leadership role, he calls upon his extensive knowledge of various packaged products and separate accounts to help build Destra’s suite of innovative investment products and strategies.  	   	  	  	  	  		  Dominic brings 26 years of financial industry experience to his position as Destra's Chairman and CEO. Previously, he served as Executive Vice President of Janus Capital Group and President of the broker-dealer. He has held several other high-level management positions, including Managing Director at Morgan Stanley Investment Management and Head of National Sales at Van Kampen Investments.  	 
         	  	  	  	  	  	James Yount     	  	  	  	  	  	President, Senior Managing Director     	  	  	  	  	  		A leading expert in the creation of advisor distribution groups, James Yount is responsible for the development and implementation of Destra’s intermediary relationship strategy. He brings his industry foresight and unique selling skills to the firm after forging long-term relationships with clients throughout the financial services industry.    	    James is a former Managing Director and National Sales Manager for Goldman Sachs' Wirehouse and Edward Jones Channel, where he displayed a unique combination of professionalism, integrity, and industry knowledge in earning the trust of clients. Prior to joining Goldman Sachs, James built advisor distribution groups at both Janus Capital and Hines Real Estate Securities. At Janus, he served as the Senior Vice President of Global Consulting Services, managing the domestic intermediary distribution of Janus products both internally and externally. At Hines, James acted as the Western Regional Sales Manager for the firm, helping build a new sales and distribution team that distributed the company's first public offering to advisors. James also spent 10 years at Van Kampen Investments, holding the positions of Regional Wholesaler for the Pacific Northwest and California and Regional Director for 12 of Van Kampen's western regional wholesalers.  
         	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	Rob Watson     	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	Senior Managing Director, Investment Product Strategist    Rob Watson is a Senior Managing Director and the Investment Product Strategist for Destra Capital. Rob also serves as President of Destra Capital Advisors, LLC, an SEC registered investment advisor as well as President of Destra Investment Trust and Destra Investment Trust II. Rob chairs the Firm's Investment Committee, with responsibility for manager research and selection, as well as portfolio oversight and monitoring. He heads the Firm's investment product and marketing efforts.  Rob has held numerous roles across a more than 25 year career in the financial services industry. Rob has run product units at Morgan Stanley & Aviva Investors and been responsible for business development and account management teams at Janus & Van Kampen. He has extensive experience in product design and investment implementation, as well as institutional sales and manager due diligence. He holds key industry licenses, is a CFP® certificate holder, and has a Bachelor of Science degree in Economics from North Carolina State University.    	 
         	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	Rosey Valencia    	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	Senior Managing Director, Client Development    Rosey Valencia is responsible for establishing and maintaining strategic relationships with key broker dealers and institutions to increase Destra’s brand and maximize distribution opportunities across all available platforms for our investment suite. She coordinates with national sales and marketing to ensure alignment between firm’s initiatives, investment themes, and product placement. Before joining Destra, Rosey spent 7 years as the National Account Manager for Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management in the Financial Advisor Division. She focused on identifying sales and marketing opportunities to increase the firm's market share by building relationships with senior executives, regional directors, research analysts, and product managers. She started her career at UBS Financial Services working over 5 years in various roles in operations, branch administration, and client services before becoming a financial advisor. Her experience in building trust with clients to deliver customized investment solutions expands to her success today with financial advisors and centers of influence. Rosey is a Certified Investment Management Analyst CIMA®, holds key industry licenses, and a member of IMCA. She received her Bachelors of Business Administration in Finance from the University of Notre Dame in 1998 and currently serves on the Mendoza College of Business Advisory Council.  	 
       	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	Jane Hong Shissler     	  	  	  	  	  	  	  	General Counsel    Jane Hong Shissler, as general counsel, is responsible for overseeing and directing all of Destra’s legal activities, and provides legal guidance to the firm’s management and maintains effective corporate governance.  Jane also serves as Chief Compliance Officer and Secretary of Destra Investment Trust and Destra Investment Trust II. Prior to joining Destra in 2015, Jane was a partner in the investment management group of Chapman and Cutler LLP.  Jane also serves as the head of events and education for the Chicago chapter of Women in ETFs.   She graduated from the University of Wisconsin Law School, where she served as the president of the Moot Court Board and managing editor of the Wisconsin International Law Journal. Jane earned an undergraduate degree from Brown University.  	 





Bart Accardo

Managing Director, Controller


Bart Accardo has over 24 years experience as a corporate financial officer. As a member of the corporate executive committee he is active in the strategic planning and implementation of the overall corporate direction. As Controller, he oversees the corporate activities of accounting, budget, tax and audit practices. He is well versed in corporate insurance and employee benefits, and brings a unique perspective to this position by his experience as a trustee and administrator of corporate retirement and profit sharing plans. Previously, he served as Chief Finance Officer and Vice President of Finance for Custom Color Corporation.
	






Neal Ritter

Managing Director, Product Management & Development


Neal Ritter is Managing Director of Product Management & Development for Destra Capital.  Neal began his career in the Treasury pits at the Chicago Board of Trade, where he specialized in spread and arbitrage strategies in both the Eurodollar and Treasury futures markets. Prior to joining Destra, Neal worked for Guggenheim Investments and later River Oak ETF Solutions in roles as diverse as trader, product development, and sales. At Destra, Neal has worked on our internal product desk in Chicago and currently covers the Rocky Mountain territory for sales. In his expanded role, Neal will be involved in Destra’s new product development and investment manager selection & oversight, specializing in exchange traded investment vehicles. Neal has a BA in Business/Economics from Wheaton College and holds the series 7 & 63 securities licenses.
	






Chris Weed
Marketing Director

Chris Weed is the Marketing Director for Destra Capital. Chris is involved with the marketing of all product lines at Destra. Chris is responsible for developing product and investment content and leading the development of marketing plans to support the Destra Product Suite.
		
Chris comes to Destra from Guggenheim Funds, formerly Claymore securities, where he was an Interactive Marketing Specialist for 6 years. During his time with Guggenheim and Claymore, he was integral in executing all digital marketing initiatives including email marketing campaigns, website upgrade projects, as well as support to the Creative Director on print collateral. Chris  holds a Bachelor in the Arts from Purdue University.
		




Contact us







					First Name                                            Required

 


					Last Name                                            Required

 


					Email                                            Required

 


					Message                                            Required

 









General Information Financial Advisors 877.855.3434   Investors 877.287.9646  













Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft

















Destra Investment Trust II Dividend Announcement - DividendInvestor.com

































































































MENU










 (570) 567-0434 








































SIGN IN



















DividendInvestor.com


First In Dividend Data Worldwide®


Destra Investment Trust II Dividend Announcement(NASDAQ:DPIIX)DIVIDEND ANNOUNCEMENT: Destra Investment Trust II (NASDAQ: DPIIX) today declared a dividend of $0.0822 per shareMay 30, 2017Destra Investment Trust II (NASDAQ: DPIIX) today declared a dividend of $ 0.0822 per share payable on May 31, 2017 to shareholders of record as of May 26, 2017. Dividend amount recorded is an increase of $ 0.0272 from last dividend Paid.Destra Investment Trust II (NASDAQ:DPIIX) has paid dividends since 2012, has a current dividend yield of 4.4% and has increased its dividends for 1 successive years.The stock price closed yesterday at $ 18.51 and has a 52 week low/high of $ 17.23 and $ 18.51. For more information on Destra Investment Trust II click here.Destra Investment Trust II current dividend information as per the date of this press release is:Dividend Declaration Date: May 30, 2017Dividend Ex Date: May 30, 2017Dividend Record Date: May 26, 2017Dividend Payment Date: May 31, 2017Dividend Amount: $ 0.0822


DividendInvestor.com


DividendInvestor.com is a leading worldwide independent provider of dividend information and data for investment professionals. Our mission is to be the First In Dividend Data Worldwide® by designing and developing essential tools and systems for the investment community with the highest level of accuracy and integrity.
Contact:
info@DividendInvestor.com





 













DIVIDEND TOOLSQuote
Dividend Calendar
Screener
Email Alerts
52 Week High/Low
Dividend Detector
Dividend History
Scorecard
Dividend Calculator

DIVIDEND INVESTMENTDirectory of Dividend Stocks
Dividend Glossary
Featured Articles
Learn More



STOCK SYMBOL LOOK UP


GO

SIGN UP NOW


USER SECTIONUser Profile
Log In


Check out our other sites around the world 












Australia
Canada
Germany

UK
USA

Our Sister Site:Preferred-Stock.com










Fundamental Data provided by DividendInvestor.com. All information is provided without warranty of any kind.
Historical Dividend Data powered by DividendInvestor.com™.
Copyright © 2017 DividendInvestor.com™. All Rights Reserved.













X




Limited-Time Free Report:
Collect a Fat Dividend Check Every Month from the World's Biggest Companies (without having to buy their expensive shares)
Get my top monthly dividend payer... a company boasting a dividend yield of more than 10%, and whose portfolio holdings feature some of the biggest and most successful companies on the planet (Google, Apple, Nike, etc.). Simply enter your email to claim your free report.







































