








Handgun of the revolver type - Detonics Small Arms, Ltd.




































Login
                    
Sign up
                    









Search
                            





                                    Expert Search


                                    Quick Search








Patents/Apps
                                




                                    Non-Patent Literature
                                












SEARCH


                            RESEARCH



                            MPEP 2.0



                            TOOLS & RESOURCES
                        



                            ACCLAIM IP
                        


HELP






 

















Title:


                    Handgun of the revolver type                





                    United States Patent 4539771                












Abstract:

            An improved break-top handgun of the revolver type is disclosed which incorporates an improved latching mechanism for securely linking the barrel section and frame together and which compensates for any wear occurring on the engaged surfaces. Also disclosed is an improved linkage connected to the trigger for freeing the ammunition-holding cylinder for rotation and means for retaining the cylinder in engagement with the barrel when the barrel section is separated from the frame for cleaning, loading and/or unloading ammunition.        















Inventors:

                            Sirkis, Nahemia (King County, WA)                




Application Number:

            06/441869        



Publication Date:

            09/10/1985        



Filing Date:

            11/15/1982        



Export Citation:

 Click for automatic bibliography
                generation 




Assignee:

                            Detonics Small Arms, Ltd. (Bellevue, WA)                




Primary Class:

42/64 




International Classes:

F41C3/16; (IPC1-7): F41C1/02        




Field of Search:

            42/64, 42/44        



View Patent Images:

Download PDF 4539771                 
                  PDF help




US Patent References:



4316339Handgun having interchangeable barrels1982-02-23Herriott42/592664786Slide and barrel securing key for automatic pistols1954-01-05Guisasola89/1632356709Flare gun1944-08-22Smith42/440227449N/A1880-05-11Schofield42/640114653N/A1871-05-09Dodge42/64 









Foreign References:



FR722555A1932-03-22FR751009A1933-08-25 





Other References:

                            Hoffschmidt, The Browning Model 1936, pp. 42-43.                




Primary Examiner:

            Jordan, Charles T.        




Attorney, Agent or Firm:

                            Seed, And Berry                





Claims:

            I claim:
                1. A latch mechanism for a break-top handgun of the revolver type, comprising:   a frame including an integral handle, hammer, firing pin, and trigger operatively attached to the hammer;   a barrel section including a rotatable ammunitionholding cylinder pivotally attached to the frame for movement between a first position for firing of the gun and a second position exposing the rear end of the cylinder for loading ammunition, unloading ammunition and cleaning of the cylinder or gun barrel;   an upwardly inclined planar surface extending rearwardly from the entrance end of the barrel section;   a latch assembly pivotally mounted to the frame for movement between a first position holding the frame and barrel section in fixed position relative to one another when the gun is to be fired and a second position where the barrel is broken away from the frame, the latch assembly including a pivotable latch member having a separately rotatable planar surface positioned for engaging the upwardly inclined planar surface on the barrel section when in the first position to prevent separation of the barrel section from the frame during firing and to compensate for wear of the upwardly inclined planar surface or the latch assembly caused by repeated opening and closing of the barrel section relative to the frame of the gun; and   means biasing the latch member forwardly to engage the separately rotatable planar surface against the upwardly inclined planar surface. 
                    2. The latch mechanism of claim 1 wherein the latch member is an upside-down U-shaped latch member whose respective legs are pivotally attached to each side of the frame and wherein the base of the "U" of the latch member includes the separately rotatable planar surface for engaging the upwardly inclined planar surface on the barrel section.                    
                    3. The latch mechanism of claim 1 wherein the latch member includes a support member pivotally attached to the frame and wherein the rotatable planar surface includes a member separately rotatable relative to the pivotable support member and having a planar surface portion adapted to engage the inclined planar surface of the barrel section.                    
                    4. The latch mechanism of claim 3 wherein the means biasing the latch member against the inclined planar surface includes a spring biasing the the rotatable planar surface of the rotatably member against the upwardly inclined planar surface on the barrel section.                    
                    5. A latch mechanism for a break-top handgun of the revolver type, comprising:   a frame including an integral handle, hammer, firing pin, and trigger operatively attached to the hammer;   a barrel section including a rotatable ammunitionholding cylinder pivotally attached to the frame for movement between a first position for firing of the gun and a second position exposing the rear end of the cylinder for loading ammunition, unloading ammunition and cleaning of the cylinder or gun barrel;   an upwardly inclined planar surface extending rearwardly from the entrance end of the barrel section;   a latch assembly pivotally mounted to the frame for movement between a first position holding the frame and barrel section in fixed position relative to one another when the gun is to be fired and a second position where the barrel is broken away from the frame, the latch assembly including an upside-down U-shaped latch member whose respective legs are pivotably attached to each side of the frame, the base of the "U" of the latch member having a rotatable planar surface for engaging the upwardly inclined planar surface on the barrel section in the first position to prevent separation of the barrel section from the frame during firing and to compensate for wear of the latch assembly caused by repeated opening and closing of the barrel section relative to the frame of the gun, the rotatable planar surface including a rotatable pin having a planar surface adapted to engage the inclined planar surface on the barrel section; and   means biasing the latch member forwardly against the upwardly inclined planar surface engaged by the latch member. 
                    6. The latch mechanism of claim 5 wherein the means biasing the latch member against the inclined planar surface includes a spring biasing the planar surface of the pin and the latch member against the upwardly inclined planar surface on the barrel section.                    
                    7. A latch mechanism for a break-top handgun of the revolver type, comprising:   a frame including an integral handle, hammer, firing pin, and trigger operatively attached to the hammer;   a barrel section including a rotatable ammunitionholding cylinder pivotally attached to the frame for movement between a first position for firing of the gun and a second position exposing the rear end of the cylinder for loading ammunition, unloading ammunition and cleaning of the cylinder or gun barrel;   an upwardly inclined planar surface extending rearwardly from the entrance end of the barrel section;   a latch assembly pivotally mounted to the frame for movement between a first position holding the frame and barrel section in fixed position relative to one another when the gun is to be fired and a second position where the barrel is broken away from the frame, the latch assembly including a support member pivotably attached to the frame and an engagement member rotatably supported by the support member, the engagement member having a planar surface for engaging the upwardly inclined planar surface on the barrel section when the latch assembly is moved into the first position to prevent separation of the barrel section from the frame during firing, the engagement member planar surface being separately rotatable relative to the pivotable support member to compensate for wear of the upwardly inclined planar surface or the latch assembly caused by repeated opening and closing of the barrel section relative to the frame of the gun; and   means biasing the latch assembly forwardly to engage the engagement member planar surface against the upwardly inclined planar surface. 
                    8. The latch mechanism of claim 7 wherein the support member has an upside-down U-shape with the respective legs of the support member pivotally attached to each side of the frame and with the base of the "U" of the support member rotatably supporting the engagement member and positioning the separately rotatable planar surface for engaging the upwardly inclined planar surface on the barrel section.                    
                    9. The latch mechanism of claim 8 wherein the engagement member is a pin rotatably disposed in a bore extending through the U-shaped support member and the engagement member planar surface is positioned on the pin between the legs of the support member.                    
                    10. The latch mechanism of claim 9 wherein the means biasing the latch assembly forwardly includes a spring biasing the planar surface of the pin against the upwardly inclined planar surface on the barrel section.                    




Description:

DESCRIPTION1. Technical Field This invention relates to a break-top handgun of the revolver type, and more particularly, to improvements in the latch mechanism, means for retaining the ammunitionholding cylinder with the barrel while allowing easy removal, and an improved mechanism for intermittently freeing rotation of the ammunition-holding cylinder. 2. Background Art Break-top handguns of the revolver type have been known for many years; however, the latch mechanism holding the barrel section to the frame when the gun is in the firing position has presented a problem in compensating for wear due to repeated opening and closing of the barrel section. The latch mechanisms of the prior art also have not had sufficient strength to provide for safe use, particularly when high-powered ammunition is utilized. DISCLOSURE OF INVENTION This invention relates to a break-top, hand-held revolver and to improvements in the latch mechanism, means for holding the cylinder in place with the barrel section of the revolver, and improved means for intermittent release of the cylinder for revolution after firing. The latch assembly is pivotally mounted to the frame and includes an upside-down U-shaped latch, with the legs of the "U" pivotally attached to the frame adjacent an upwardly inclined plane which is integral with the rear end of the barrel section. An annular rotatable pin having a flat surface intermediate its ends extends between the legs of the U-shaped latch member, the flat surface contacting the surface of the inclined plane of the barrel section when the barrel section of the gun is locked in place on the frame for firing. The U-shaped latch is biased forwardly and, together with the rotatable pin whose flat surface engages the inclined plane, adjusts for any wear of the inclined plane surface or the pin caused by repeated opening and closing of the barrel section relative to the frame of the weapon. The gun also includes an improved linkage activated when the trigger is moved rearwardly by the operator of the gun to release the ammunition-holding cylinder for rotation and lock the cylinder in place prior to firing of the gun. Also disclosed is a caging mechanism for holding the cylinder of the handgun in fixed position relative to the barrel of the gun, yet allowing the cylinder to be easily removed. The cylinder includes a central internal bore extending partway therethrough. The bore is slipped over a shaft extending parallel to and below the barrel of the gun. The rear of the barrel section of the gun extends over the cylinder and includes a downwardly extending lip portion which engages the butt or rear end of the cylinder to prevent it from disengaging from the barrel section when the barrel and frame sections are unlatched.   BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF THE DRAWINGS FIG. 1 is a side view of the break-top revolver of this invention; FIG. 2 is a partial perspective view of the latch member of the latch mechanism for holding the barrel section of the revolver firmly in place relative to the frame of the gun when the gun is in condition for firing; FIG. 3 is a partial vertical cross-section of the latch mechanism of the revolver of FIG. 1 illustrating the manner in which the mechanism compensates for wear occurring during repeated opening and closing of the barrel section relative to the frame section of the gun; FIG. 4 is a partial vertical cross-section of the ammunition-holding cylinder of the gun of FIG. 1 illustrating the linkage between the trigger and cylinder which, on movement of the trigger rearwardly by the operator of the gun, frees the cylinder for rotation; FIG. 5 is an end view along section line 5--5 of FIG. 4; FIGS. 6-9 illustrate movement of the linkage as the trigger is moved rearwardly to fire the gun; and FIG. 10 is a partial vertical cross-sectional view of the gun of FIG. 1 illustrating the manner in which the ammunition-holding cylinder is caged in place to the barrel section, yet allowing easy removal.   BEST MODE FOR CARRYING OUT THE INVENTION FIG. 1 depicts a break-top revolver handgun which includes a frame 10 of conventional design, which includes a handle 12, a pivotally mounted trigger 14, and a hammer 16 operated by the trigger to engage a firing pin (not shown), all of conventional design. A barrel section 20, including an ammunition-holding cylinder 22, is secured to a forward extension of the frame 10 by pivot pin 18. The latch assembly 30 for holding the barrel section 20 in fixed relation to the frame 10 contacts a rearward extension of the barrel section, as will be described. Referring to FIGS. 1 and 3, the barrel section 20 includes an integral rearward extension 32 extending beyond the rear entrance end of the cylinder 22. This rearward extension includes an upwardly inclined surface 34, which cooperates with the latch member shown in FIG. 2 to lock the barrel section to the frame 10 of the revolver for firing. Referring to FIG. 2, the latch member is an upside-down U-shaped member 36 having integral rearward extensions 38 provided with pads 40 of greater width for engagement by the thumb or other finger of the operator of the gun to pivot the latch member rearwardly to allow the barrel section to be broken away from the frame 10 about pivot pin 18. The latch member 36 is pivotally secured to the frame below the rearward extension 32 of the barrel section, as illustrated in FIG. 1, by pivot pin 42. An annular bore 44 extends the width of the latch member 36, as illustrated in FIG. 2, for receiving an annular pin 46 having a flattened surface 48 intermediate the ends of the pin, this annular surface engaging the inclined plane surface 34. The pin 46 is rotatably mounted in bore 44. When the barrel section is latched to the frame 10, the flat surface 48 of the pin engages the inclined surface 34 of the rearward extension of the barrel section 32. The latch member 36 and pin 46 are biased forwardly by two wire springs 50 which terminate at one end in openings 52 drilled in pin 46, as illustrated in FIG. 2. The openings are sufficiently large to allow the pin 46 to rotate within bore 44 a small amount in either direction. The wires 50 extend down the interior sides of each of the legs of the latch member 36, around the pivot pin 42, down the underside of the latch member extensions 38, and are terminated at points 54 in the frame of the gun, as illustrated in FIG. 1. The forward bias of the latch member 36 and pin 46 against the inclined plane surface 34 of the rearward extension 32 of the barrel section provides a secure, tight lock between the barrel section and the frame at all times and eliminates any play or looseness that may develop due to wear of the inclined surface 34 and the surface 48 of the pin 46 due to repeated opening and closing of the gun. As the surfaces wear, the pin 46 and latch member 36 adjust and compensate for such wear. In addition, the forward bias of the latch member 36 against the inclined plane surface 34 always keeps the barrel section 20 and frame 10 in secure locking arrangement. FIGS. 4-9 illustrate an improved linkage activated by the trigger 14 of the gun to allow the cylinder 22 to revolve to the next adjacent opening holding ammunition prior to firing of the round of ammunition in the cylinder. Referring to FIG. 5, the cylinder includes a series of spaced notches 60 adapted to receive detent 62 of the linkage. One sidewall 64 of each of the notches is dished out to allow the detent to slide into the notch as the cylinder is rotate in the direction of the arrow shown in FIG. 5. The detent is an integral part of the linkage which includes a forward body portion 66 containing an elongated slot 68 (see FIG. 4). The linkage is mounted to both pivot about pivot pin 70 as well as slide horizontally in slot 68. The pivot pin 70 is dead-ended to the frame of the gun. A spring 72 has one end biased against surface 74 of the linkage, is wrapped about the pivot pin 70, and is dead-ended in the frame of the gun. The detent 62 is biased upwardly through an opening in the frame beneath the cylinder 22. The trigger 14 is mounted to pivot about pivot point 14a and includes a finger 76 which engages a slot 78 of the detent, as illustrated in FIG. 4. As the trigger is moved rearwardly about its pivot point 14a, it pulls the linkage and detent 62 downwardly, as illustrated in FIG. 6, to free the cylinder 22 for rotation. As the trigger is moved further rearwardly, as illustrated in FIG. 7, the terminal edge of the finger slips out of the slot 78 and engages surface 80 of the detent, as illustrated in FIG. 7, to exert an upward and forward force on the linkage. As the cylinder revolves, the detent 62 lodges in the next adjacent notch 60, as illustrated in FIG. 8. As the trigger is further moved rearwardly, the gun fires. Then, when the trigger is released and is moved forwardly, as illustrated in FIG. 9, the linkage 66 and detent 62 are moved horizontally in the direction of the upper arrow of FIG. 9 until the terminal edge of the finger 76 again engages the slot 78, whereupon the spring 74 urges the linkage 66 rearward to the position illustrated in FIG. 4. FIG. 10 illustrates a further improvement of the revolver-type handgun in caging or trapping the cylinder 22 so that it will remain with the barrel section 10 when the barrel section is pivoted away from the frame 10 about pivot pin 18 on release of the latch. Referring to FIG. 10, the cylinder 22 includes a bore opening in the forward end thereof which receives the terminal end of the shaft 82. The cylinder 22 is rotatably mounted on the rear end of the shaft 82 for free rotation; however, the cylinder would disengage from the shaft without something to hold it in place. In this regard, the upper portion of the barrel section 10 includes a downwardly extending lip 84 which engages the rear peripheral edge of the cylinder 22, preventing it from disengaging from the shaft on breaking away of the barrel section from the frame of the gun to pivot about pivot 18 for cleaning, loading or unloading ammunition. The cylinder 22 is easily removable, however, by removing shaft 82, thus allowing the cylinder 22 to be easily removed. These improvements to a break-top handgun of the revolver type provide the gun with greater accuracy, greater safety, and smoother operation.  





<- Previous Patent (Pressable latch for ...)   |   Next Patent (Adapters for convert...) ->










Home


Search


Services


Communities


Help


Contact us

Advertise on this Site










            © 2004-2017 FreePatentsOnline.com. All rights reserved.
            Privacy Policy
                & Terms of Use.
A SumoBrain Solutions Company


 












Detonics Small Arms Ltd.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 7:37 AM ET
Aerospace and Defense

Company Overview of Detonics Small Arms Ltd.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Detonics Small Arms Limited does not have significant operations. Previously, it owned and licensed proprietary rights to certain firearm products. The company was founded in 1981 and is based in Bellevue, Washington.


14508 SE 51 streetBellevue, WA 98006United StatesFounded in 1981



Phone: 425-746-6761








Key Executives for Detonics Small Arms Ltd.




Mr. Michel E. Maes


      	Managing General Partner
      


Age: 79
        




Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 4M Research, Inc. United States A E Wolffe Limited United States A&G Machine, Inc. United States A-1 Machining Co. Inc. United States a.i. solutions, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Detonics Small Arms Ltd., please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























Detonics Small Arms Ltd.: CEO and Executives - Bloomberg








































  





















































































July 28, 2017 7:37 AM ET
Aerospace and Defense

Company Overview of Detonics Small Arms Ltd.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Key Executives for Detonics Small Arms Ltd.
NameBoard RelationshipsTitleAgeMichel E. Maes  No RelationshipsManaging General Partner79
Detonics Small Arms Ltd. Board Members*
NameBoard RelationshipsPrimary CompanyAgeThere is no Board Members data available.
Detonics Small Arms Ltd. Executive Committees*
Committee NameChairpersonBoard RelationshipsMembersThere is no committee data available.
*Data is at least as current as the most recent Definitive Proxy.
Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



CEO COMPENSATION IN THIS INDUSTRY  Industry RangeSalary  536.4KBonus  530.3KTotal Short Term Compensation  711.7KTotal Value of Options  26.5MCompensation as of Fiscal Year   Detonics Small Arms Ltd. CEO CompensationIndustry Average










INDUSTRY EXECUTIVE CHANGESTriumph Group Promotes Pete Wick to Executive Vice President of Precision Components Business UnitJuly 24, 2017 9:01 PM ETOptex Systems Holdings, Inc Announces Retirement of Stanley Hirschman as PresidentJuly 21, 2017 8:31 PM ETAxon Appoints Julie Anne Cullivan to Board of DirectorsJuly 20, 2017 11:30 AM ETL3 Technologies Announces Executive ChangesJuly 20, 2017 12:18 AM ETPyramidion Technology Group, Inc Appoints Angel Burgos Rosado as Chief Technology Officer and to Its Board of Directors as Vice PresidentJuly 19, 2017 12:00 PM ETSponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Detonics Small Arms Ltd., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























MarketWatch.com Topics

























Bulletin

Starbucks's stock on track to open at 4-month low after Q3 results late Thursday »
        




Investor Alert







New York Markets Open in:



Market Snapshot
Analyst Ratings


















Topics







		Istanbul



			Brexit




		Guns







		Millennials




		Immigration



			Apple

/conga/topics/main.html
369880



Subjects in the news



U.S. Economy


U.S. Politics


Earnings


Sales


Aerospace


Ice




Markets


Production


Iraq


Russia


Oil


United Kingdom




Europe


European Markets


London Markets


Health Care


Income


Insurance






People in the news



Jones, Edward


Trump, Donald


Woods, Tiger


Buffett, Warren


Putnam, George


Clinton, Bill




Obama, Barack


Putin, Vladimir


Tillerson, Rex


Washington, George


Ryan, James


Walker, David




West, David


Williams, James


Gray, John


Clooney, George


Cruise, Tom


Jolie, Angelina






Companies in the news



Northrop Grumman Corp.


International Data Group


New York Mercantile Exchange


American International Group


Health Care Insurance


Miners




Metal Exchange


Target Corp.


United National


Performance


News Corp.


Jones




Oppenheimer


International Industries


Transport Service


Capital One Financial


Apple Inc.


eBay Inc.






Organizations in the news



American Petroleum Institute


European Union


OPEC


Education Department


Transportation Department


European Central Bank




Federal Reserve Bank of New York


Congress


Public Service Commission


Securities and Exchange Commission


Baseball


Nasdaq Stock Market




Consumers Union


World Bank


Council on Foreign Relations


Security Council


Senate


Boston College












Browse topics:


A


B


C


D


E


F


G


H


I


J


K


L


M


N


O


P


Q


R


S


T


U


V


W


X


Y


Z


0-9





















Log In




7:37 AM EDT
July 28, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Pre


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
7:37aAmerican Airlines's stock jumps 2.9% premarket after Q2 results
7:37aAmerican Airlines to invest $4.1 bln in new aircraft in 2017
7:36aAmerican Airlines Q2 passenger load factor 83.7% vs. 82.9% a year ago
7:35aAmerican Airlines Q2 PRASM up 6.0%
7:34aAmerican Airlines Q2 mainline passenger revenue up 7.5% to $7.75 bln
7:33aAmerican Airlines Q2 $11.11 bln vs. $10.36 bln; FactSet consensus $11.06 bln
7:33aAmerican Airlines Q2 adj. EPS $1.92; FactSet consensus $1.85
7:33aAmerican Airlines Q2 EPS $1.63 vs. $1.68 a year ago
7:31aThese companies spent over $1 billion buying back shares while their CEOs were dumping them
7:31aHealth-care fund managers say a spike in drugs and devices will produce big returns
7:30aStarbucks on track to open at 4-month low
7:29aStarbucks's stock tumbles 6.5% premarket after Q3 results late Thursday
7:28aA case for buying the freakin’ dip with Amazon, as the Mooch might now say
7:20aCan Snap fall even more as lockups expire?
7:19aChip stocks are cool again, but reality is here
7:19aWhere to get Chipotle queso: check out this interactive map
7:19aAaron's acquires its largest franchisee in all-cash deal
7:18aExpedia stock price target raised to $173 from $158 at Piper Jaffray
7:17aA provocative new analysis suggests you don’t have to take all your antibiotics after all
7:17aPriceline stock price target raised to $2,150 from $1,900 at Piper Jaffray
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,796.55

+85.54
+0.39%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,382.19

-40.56
-0.63%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,475.42

-2.41
-0.10%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15



















































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Small Arms Market Forecast 2017-2027 - MarketWatch



























































Latest News










Dow

21,797
+85.54
+0.39%






Nasdaq

6,382
-40.56
-0.63%






S&P 500

2,475
-2.41
-0.10%









7:36 A.M. ET


                                  American Airlines's stock jumps 2.9% premarket after Q2 results
                                





 
7:36 A.M. ET


                                  American Airlines to invest $4.1 bln in new aircraft in 2017
                                





 
7:35 A.M. ET


                                  American Airlines Q2 passenger load factor 83.7% vs. 82.9% a year ago
                                





 
7:35 A.M. ET


                                  American Airlines Q2 PRASM up 6.0%
                                





 
7:34 A.M. ET


                                  American Airlines Q2 mainline passenger revenue up 7.5% to $7.75 bln
                                





 
7:33 A.M. ET


                                  American Airlines Q2 $11.11 bln vs. $10.36 bln; FactSet consensus $11.06 bln
                                





 
7:32 A.M. ET


                                  American Airlines Q2 adj. EPS $1.92; FactSet consensus $1.85
                                





 
7:32 A.M. ET


                                  American Airlines Q2 EPS $1.63 vs. $1.68 a year ago
                                





 
7:31 A.M. ET


Updated
      These companies spent over $1 billion buying back shares while their CEOs were dumping them
                                





 
7:31 A.M. ET


Updated
      Health-care fund managers say a spike in drugs and devices will produce big returns
                                





 
7:29 A.M. ET


                                  Starbucks on track to open at 4-month low
                                





 
7:29 A.M. ET


                                  Starbucks's stock tumbles 6.5% premarket after Q3 results late Thursday
                                





 
7:28 A.M. ET


Updated
      A case for buying the freakin’ dip with Amazon, as the Mooch might now say
                                





 
7:20 A.M. ET


Updated
      Can Snap fall even more as lockups expire?
                                





 
7:19 A.M. ET


Updated
      Chip stocks are cool again, but reality is here
                                





 
7:18 A.M. ET


Updated
      Where to get Chipotle queso: check out this interactive map
                                





 
7:18 A.M. ET


                                  Aaron's acquires its largest franchisee in all-cash deal
                                





 
7:17 A.M. ET


                                  Expedia stock price target raised to $173 from $158 at Piper Jaffray
                                





 
7:17 A.M. ET


Updated
      A provocative new analysis suggests you don’t have to take all your antibiotics after all
                                





 
7:16 A.M. ET


                                  Priceline stock price target raised to $2,150 from $1,900 at Piper Jaffray
                                





 








































Log In














Bulletin

Starbucks's stock on track to open at 4-month low after Q3 results late Thursday









 


Until New York Markets Open

Market Snapshot
Analyst Ratings














Home






PR Newswire Europe




Get email alerts



         Small Arms Market Forecast 2017-2027
    








    By

Published: July 20, 2017 9:03 a.m. ET

Share






















































 



 















LONDON, Jul 20, 2017 (PR Newswire Europe via COMTEX) -- LONDON, July 20, 2017 /PRNewswire/ --  By End-User (Military, Law Enforcement, Hunting, Sports, Self-Defence), by Firing System (Gas-Operated, Recoil-Operated, Manually-Operated), by Type (Pistol, Revolver, Rifle, Machine Gun, Shotgun), and by Region and Key National Markets, Including the US, Germany, India and More.  Small arms [https://www.visiongain.com/Report/1924/Small-Arms-Market-Forecast-2017-2027 ] are procured for a variety of purposes, ranging from sporting through to defence [https://www.visiongain.com/Sector/9/Defence ] applications. As a result, the market outlook for this area of the defence sector is positive. Visiongain [https://www.visiongain.com ] assesses the market to be valued at $3.9bn in 2017 and with continued advancement and sustained market demand, Visiongain [https://www.visiongain.com ] has forecast growth for the Small Arms market [https://www.visiongain.com/Report/1924/Small-Arms-Market-Forecast-2017-2027 ].     Key benefits of purchasing this report: - Learn About the Future Small Arms Industry Outlook- The Small Arms regional market forecasts will confirm and underpin your own analysis - Keep Up To Speed With Small Arms submarkets- Find submarket forecasts for the following segments: - By End-User - Military - Law Enforcement - Hunting - Sports - Self-Defence - By Firing System - Gas-Operated - Recoil-Operated - Manually Operated - By Type - Pistol - Revolver - Rifle - Machine Gun - Shotgun - Stay Informed About Small Arms - Read Visiongain's Porter's Five Forces analysis of the market. - Save Time Researching with Visiongain's drivers and restraints analysis - Reinforce Your Business Case For Small Arms - Substantiate you research proposal with our regional and national forecasts, segmented as follows - North America - US - Canada - Europe - Germany - France - UK - Russia - Rest of Europe - Asia Pacific - Japan - China - India - Rest of Asia Pacific - Rest of the World - Enhance Your Small Arms Presentations - Find 252 table & charts that you can utilise to illustrate your point in your Small Arms investment proposal. - Maintain An Advantage In Small Arms - Visiongain's submarket, regional and national market forecasts will inform.  Target readership: - Arms manufacturers - Weapons specialists - Leading defence companies - R&D engineers - Technologies - Suppliers - Consultancies - Banks - Government agencies - Agencies  As well as anyone involved in the Small Arms market: With 252 tables and charts and a total length of 190 pages, this report is a fantastic opportunity to increase your knowledge of this sector. Porter's Five Forces analysis, as well as analysis of the drivers and restraints for the overall market concisely informs you of the major factors affecting this market, whilst Visiongain's [https://www.visiongain.com ] data-rich approach provides greater insight into this market.  To request a report overview of this report please email Sara Peerun at sara.peerun@visiongain.com or call Tel: +44-(0)-20-7336-6100  Or click on https://www.visiongain.com/Report/1924/Small-Arms-Market-Forecast-2017-2027 List of Companies Mentioned in This Report:  Accuracy International  Accu-Tek Firearms  Adcor Defense  Advanced Armament Corp  Alexander Arms  Allied Defense Group  American Outdoor Brands Corporation  Anderson Manufacturing  ArmaLite, Inc.  Armscor  Arsenal Corporation  Barrett Firearms Manufacturing  Benelli Armi SpA  Beretta Holding S.p.A  Birmingham Small Arms Company  Blount International, Inc.  Boberg Arms Corp  Bond Arms  Bravo Company  Brenneke USA  Brownells Inc.  Browning Arms Company  Bushmaster Firearms International  C&H Precision Weapons  Cabot Gun Co  Cadillac Gage  Caesar Guerini  Calico  Century Arms  Charles Daly firearms  CJSP Klimovsk Specialized Ammunition Plant  Cobra Firearms  Colt's Manufacturing Company, LLC  Cooper Firearms  Dark Storm Industries  Detonics  Diffraction Ltd  Dillon Aero  Federal Cartridge  FN Herstal  Forjas Taurus  Freedom Group  General Dynamics Corporation  Gibbs Rifle Company  Glock Ges.m.b.H  H.F.M. Helvetica Firearms Manufacturing  Heavy Industries Taxila  Heckler & Koch GmbH  Henry Repeating Arms  Hi-Point Firearms  Indumil  Israel Military Industries  IWI Jericho Pistol  Kahr Arms  Kalashnikov Concern  Kel-Tec  Kharkiv Morozov Machine Building Design Bureau  Kiev Arsenal  Kimber Manufacturing  Knight's Armament Company  Les Baer Custom Inc  Marlin Firearms Co  Maverick Arms  McMillan Firearms  Metal Storm  Mossberg  North American Arms  OJSC State Research and Production Enterprise Bazalt  OJSC V.A. Degtyarev Plant  SC Russian Technologies (Rostec)  Sig Sauer  Smith & Wesson Holding Corp.  Springfield Armory  Stinger Systems  STS  Sturm, Ruger & Company, Inc.  Vincenzo Bernardelli  Walther Arms  Winchester Guns  To see a report overview please email Sara Peerun on sara.peerun@visiongain.com  Photo: http://mma.prnewswire.com/media/523989/Visiongain_Logo.jpg Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire Europe 


More from MarketWatch









More Coverage


Amazon’s free-spending ways hit earnings, but don’t expect a shift to thrift


Hillary Clinton’s new book ‘What Happened’ makes for hilarious R-rated internet


Tesla earnings: Will Model 3 live up to the hype?















Most Popular





The dark side of cruises





Coca-Cola to replace Coke Zero in U.S.





Dow ends at record, but tech slump weighs on S&P 500, Nasdaq





If you can buy only one stock or ETF, make it this one





How to Fix Wall Street, and Bankers' Pay




MarketWatch Partner Center




















 








            We Want to
            Hear from You


Join the conversation
Comment
















Sponsored Headlines













Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found







































 























DETONICS SMALL ARMS LTD Bellevue WA, 98006 - Cortera Company Profile
















cortera. business directory



Create
								Account
Login
Developers





Search Cortera for a Business









State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Puerto Rico
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming














Home
Business
							Directory
Securities, Commodity Brokers, and Services
Detonics Small Arms LTD
Cortera Support: 866-589-0664







Detonics Small Arms LTD



14508 Se 51st St

Bellevue,
							
							
							 WA
							
							
							 98006-3510
							
							 |  view map


(425) 746-6761

						Looking for more information? Sign
							up for FREE!







Company Overview

DETONICS SMALL ARMS LTD is in the Services Allied With the Exchange of Securities or Commodities, N.E.C. industry in Bellevue, WA.  













Company Details

Location Type:
						Single Location
					

Industry:
						Services Allied With the Exchange of Securities or Commodities, N.E.C.
					

Ownership: Private
						
					

Year Founded:
						1981
					


     
    
   
  

						Have fresher information?  Update
















Latest Company News







READ ALL COMPANY NEWS IN THE
									COMPLETE COMPANY CREDIT REPORT







Recent Company Alerts

Credit Risk Increase
No


Overall Payments
No


Peer Payments
No


Public Records
No


Financial News
No












								Alerts on more than 5,000 companies today,
								including:
							

Ideal Construction CO


Walbro


University of Alaska Fairbanks


Mitchell Industrial Contractors Inc


Hammer & CO


Coats Electric CO Inc


Montgomery Marine Repair


Barnes & Noble


Southern Cleaning Service Inc


RAM Enterprises Inc








Community Payment Ratings
















								LATEST COMMUNITY REVIEWS OF THIS COMPANY
								
							

Cortera is much more than an awesome business
									directory! It's an active community where real business people
									share the real deal on real businesses.

It's invaluable intel
										that's now available for FREE.



Get the inside scoop with ratings and reviews on Detonics Small Arms LTD
Rate Detonics Small Arms LTD on their
										payment behavior
									
Ask your network about Detonics Small Arms LTD
										with Cortera Circles
									


Join
										the Cortera Community for free today.
								








The information contained in this company profile is compiled from third party sources, including but not limited to public records, user submissions, and other commercially available data sources. These sources may not be accurate, complete, or up-to-date. 
Cortera makes no representations or warranties regarding, and assumes no responsibility for, the accuracy, completeness, or currency of the information contained herein. 
Cortera products are enabled by SOFIE™, our proprietary technology platform for rapid data processing, robust analytics and flexible data access.











© 2017 Cortera, Inc. All rights reserved.

Sitemap





Cortera Support: 866-589-0664 |
How Does it Work? |
Who
					Do We Help? |
Company Profiles |
Community
				|
Media
				|
About






Today's
					Hot Company Profiles

VOLATUS MAXIMUS LLC
VUDEN INC
VOGUE
VOLUME REVERSAL SURVEY
VOLUNTEERS OF AMERICA INC
VOORHEES ARIZONA TASTE INC
VORA SHAILESH C MD
VOLTAIRE
W & B TRUCKING INC
VOGT JAMES B MD

More
							Today's Hot Companies »



Recently
					Updated Companies

POWERHOUSE INDUSTRIAL SUPPLY INC
WESTERN SUN SHUTTLE INC
L & L MACHINE TOOL
GOODY 2 SHOES
JL LOPER CONSTRUCTION
ADVENT I LLC
AIR CONDITIONING SEC
CONTORNO INC
CROSS COUNTY BANCSHARES INC
SPIRES PHILLIP CONSTRUCTION

More
								Recently Updated Companies »



Recently
					Rated Company Profiles

GLOBAL MERCHANDISING INC
JR BALL CONTRACTING GROUP INC
LAW OFFICES OF SUSAN M SCHAUF
STINGER WELDING INC
IDEAL TRUE VALUE INC
SLT EXPRESS WAY INC
PANALPINA INC
AZURADISC
SUNSTAR HEATING & AIRE
MD THOMAS CONSTRUCTION LLC

More
								Recently Rated Companies »



Industry Directory




Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy





 
  
 

 

  














                                                   Arms Manufacturers Companies | List of Top Arms Manufacturers Firms                                                                  List Photo: Freebase/Fair use       companies  List of Arms Manufacturers Companies   Reference     9.1k views   153 items   Follow   Embed     List of the top arms manufacturers companies in the world, listed by their prominence with corporate logos when available. This list of major arms manufacturers companies includes the largest and most profitable arms manufacturers businesses, corporations, agencies, vendors and firms in the world. If you are wondering what the biggest arms manufacturers companies are, then this list has you covered. This list includes the most famous arms manufacturers companies in the industry, so if you're thinking of working in the arms manufacturers industry you might want to look to these companies for jobs. This list includes names of both small and big arms manufacturers businesses. This list has a variety of companies, like Smith & Wesson and Beretta, in it.This list answers the questions, "What are the biggest arms manufacturers companies in the world?" and "What are the most successful arms manufacturers companies?" 1      Accuracy International Arms Manufacturers      The Best Alaska Cruise Lines    The Best Absinthe Brands    2      Air Weapons Complex Aerospace, Arms Manufacturers    3      Alexander Arms Arms Manufacturers    4      Alliant Techsystems Aerospace, Guided Missile and Space Vehicle Manufacturing, Defense industry    5      Antonov Arms industry, Aerospace, Arms Manufacturers    6      ArmaLite Arms industry, Arms Manufacturers    7      Armament Technology Arms Manufacturers    8      Armi Jager Arms Manufacturers      9      Armscor Arms industry, Arms Manufacturers    10      Arsenal Corporation Arms Manufacturers    11      ASELSAN Software, Electronics industry, Arms Manufacturers    12      Astra Arms Arms Manufacturers    13      Atlas Elektronik Radio and Television Broadcasting and Communications Equipment, Arms Manufacturers    14      Avibras Arms industry, Arms Manufacturers    15      BAE Systems Arms industry, Aerospace, Information security      The Top 20 Sexiest Celebrity Women in Business    The 47 Greatest Pun-tastic Restaurant Names    16      Baikal Arms Manufacturers    17      Barrett Firearms Manufacturing Firearm, Arms Manufacturers    18      Benelli Firearm, Arms industry, Arms Manufacturers    19      Beretta Arms industry, Arms Manufacturers    20      Bharat Electronics Arms Manufacturers    21      Birmingham Small Arms Company Small Arms Manufacturing, Arms Manufacturers    22      Boeing Defense, Space & Security Arms industry, Aerospace, Arms Manufacturers      23      Browning Arms Company Arms Manufacturers    24      Bushmaster Firearms International Arms Manufacturers    25      Caspian Arms Ltd Arms Manufacturers    26      Česká zbrojovka Strakonice Arms Manufacturers    27      Česká zbrojovka Uherský Brod Firearm, Arms Manufacturers    28      Chaiseri Metal & Rubber Arms Manufacturers      29      Charles Daly firearms Arms Manufacturers      The Top Men's Shoe Designers    What Should Be the First Thing We Say During First Contact with Aliens?    30      Charter Arms Manufacturing, Arms Manufacturers    31      Colt Canada Arms industry, Arms Manufacturers    32      Colt's Manufacturing Company Arms industry, Arms Manufacturers    33      Defence Research and Development Organisation Arms Manufacturers    34      Denel Manufacturing, Aerospace, Aerospace Engineering    35      Denel Dynamics Manufacturing, Aerospace, New product development    36      Detonics Arms Manufacturers      37      Diehl BGT Defence Arms Manufacturers    38      EAS Arms Manufacturers    39      Elbit Systems Telecommunications, Arms industry, Aerospace    40      Embraer-Empresa Brasileira de Aeronautica Aircraft Manufacturing, Aircraft, Arms industry    41      Airbus Group Telecommunications, Arms industry, Aerospace    42      Federal Cartridge Arms Manufacturers    43      Fegyver- és Gépgyár Arms Manufacturers      America’s Hottest CEOs    The Most Overrated Books of All Time    44      Finmeccanica Aerospace, Defense industry, Arms Manufacturers    45      Floro International Corporation Arms industry, Arms Manufacturers    46      FN Herstal Arms industry, Arms Manufacturers     47      Franchi Arms Manufacturers    48      General Dynamics Shipbuilding, Aerospace Engineering, Arms Manufacturers    49      Glock Ges.m.b.H. Manufacturing, Arms industry, Arms Manufacturers    50      Grand Power Arms Manufacturers      LOAD MORE -  Filed Under: Companies  business   love this list? List of Arms Manufacturers Companies   fshare   ttweet   ppin   @email   &embed      + prev list  more popular lists  next list -     Famous People Named Kayla    99 Celebrities Who Went to Ivy League Schools    24 Actors Who Died in the Middle of Filming Something    List of Companies That Hire Felons    The 10 Most Bizarre Sex Ed Videos    The Sexiest Characters in Film History    The 36 Funniest Demotivational Posters    List of Famous Farmers    List of Stationery, Tablet, And Related Product Manufacturing Companies    List of Plastics And Rubber Products Manufacturing Companies    List of Mechanical Power Transmission Equipment Manufacturing Companies    The Best Top-Shelf Tequila Brands    List of Risk Management Companies    List of Coffee And Tea Manufacturing Companies   .  Top 10 Current Queriesin Companies:   mad men season 7 episode list tamil thriller movies list famous people born in 1999 largest foundations in the world companies headquartered in boston famous irish gangsters daniela ruah nude pics hot anime famous sound designers documentary on pornography                 

DETONICS SMALL ARMS LTD (351397) 10-K and 10-Q SEC Filings :: Last10K.com






















		 
	




DETONICS SMALL ARMS LTD (351397) SEC Filing 10-K Annual report for the fiscal year ending Thursday, December 31, 2015














last10k.com/sec-filings/351397/0001472375-16-000292.htm



10-K Annual Summary
10-K Annual Report
10-K Exhibits
10-K Statistics




Document and Entity Information - USD ($)12 Months EndedDec. 31, 2015Mar. 15, 2016Jun. 30, 2015Document And Entity Information   Entity Registrant NameDETONICS SMALL ARMS LTD  Entity Central Index Key0000351397  Document Type10-K  Document Period End DateDec. 31,  2015  Amendment Flagfalse  Current Fiscal Year End Date--12-31  Is Entity a Well-known Seasoned Issuer?No  Is Entity a Voluntary Filer?No  Is Entity's Reporting Status Current?Yes  Entity Filer CategorySmaller Reporting Company  Entity Public Float  $ 0Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 0 Document Fiscal Period FocusFY  Document Fiscal Year Focus2015  






Click to view a specific section in this 10-K Report
View entire 10-K Report
Balance Sheets (unaudited)
Statement Of Income (unaudited)
Statements Of Cash Flows (unaudited)
Statement Of Partners' Capital (unaudited)
Partnership Organization And Operations
Significant Accounting Policies
Amounts Owed To Affiliated Companies
Transactions With Related Parties
Commitments And Contingencies
Significant Accounting Policies (policies)
Partnership Organization And Operations (details Narrative)
Transactions With Related Parties (details Narrative)
Commitments And Contingencies (details Narrative)


 Please wait while we load the requested 10-K Annual report. If it does not load, please click the link below:
                         https://www.last10k.com/sec-filings/report/351397/000147237516000292/form10k.htm




Companies may provide additional information to their SEC Filings as exhibits. Click a link below to view an exhibit that was filed with this report:


                    Exhibit 31 - CERTIFICATION
                

 Please wait while we load the requested exhibit. If it does not load, please click the link below:
                     https://www.last10k.com/sec-filings/report/351397/000147237516000292/exhibit31.htm



                    Exhibit 32 - CERTIFICATION
                

 Please wait while we load the requested exhibit. If it does not load, please click the link below:
                     https://www.last10k.com/sec-filings/report/351397/000147237516000292/exhibit32.htm






Form Type: Annual
Number of times amended: 0
Accession Number: 0001472375-16-000292
Submitted to the SEC: Tuesday, March 15, 2016
Accepted by the SEC: Tuesday, March 15, 2016
Period Ending: December 2015












Financial Ratios
Intrinsic Value
Financial Stability

















Companies

 Add



351397





10-K
10-Q




10-K Annual ReportMarch 2016






10-K Annual ReportMarch 2015

10-K Annual ReportMarch 2014

10-K Annual ReportMarch 2013

10-K Annual ReportMarch 2012

10-K Annual ReportMarch 2011

10-K Annual ReportMarch 2010

10-K Annual ReportMarch 2009



10-K Annual ReportMarch 2008

10-K Annual ReportMarch 2007
 




10-Q Quarterly ReportNovember 2016

10-Q Quarterly ReportAugust 2016

10-Q Quarterly ReportMay 2016

10-Q Quarterly ReportNovember 2015

10-Q Quarterly ReportJuly 2015
 


DETONICS SMALL ARMS LTD


































Detonics | Denel PMP





























HomeMain PageAbout UsOur ProfileCompany ProfileOur ValuesAccreditationsCorporate Social InvestmentTendersProductsOur BusinessBrass ProductsMilitary AmmunitionSmall CalibreMedium CalibreSporting AmmunitionDetonicsMining ProductsPower CartridgesMedia CentreNews & EventsNews & PressPhoto GalleryEventsDownloads & LinksCareersOpportunities Career OpportunitiesAvailable VacanciesContact UsConnect














Global Supplier of World-Class Defence Products and Solutions
Operating in the defence, security, aerospace and related technology solutions


Join us













 







Detonics You are here: Products /  Detonics



Products


Brass Products Military Ammunition
Small CalibreMedium CalibreSporting Ammunition Detonics Mining Products Power Cartridges





Primers


Primer components are manufactured from 70/30 brass. All primer compositions are lead styphnate based and of anti corrosive type. The primer range consists of the following: 


Boxer types for commercial ammunition
Boxer type for military ammunition
Berdan types for military ammunition
Electronic primers








Boxer Primers for Commercial Ammunition


Small Pistol Magnum: 
9mm Luger; 9mm Short; 6,35mm; .38 Special; 0.40 S&W; .38 S&W Colt N.P.; .357 Magnum; 7,65mm


Large Pistol Magnum: 
.44 Remington Magnum & .45 Auto


Small Rifle Magnum: 
.223; .222 & .22-250


Large Rifle Magnum: 
	.243 Win; .270 Win; .308 Win; .30-06 Springfield; .300 Win Mag; .303 British; .375 H&H Mag; .458 Win Mag; 6mm Musgrave; 7x64; 7mm Mauser; 7mm Rem Mag; .2
	2-250 Remington












Boxer Military Primers


7,62mm: 7,62mm x 51 & 7,62mm x 39


5,56mm: 5,56mm x 45


12,7mm: 12,7mm x 99 & 12,7mm x 76


9mm: 9mm x 19


20mm: 20mm x 139


20mm MG151: 20mm x 82


35mm: 35mm x 228 all types







Berdan Military Primers


7,62mm: 7,62 mm x 51 & 7,62mm x 39


5,56mm: 5,56 mm x 45


12,7mm: 12,7 mm x 99 & 12,7mm x 76


9mm : 9 mm x 19




Cone-pak - distributed by Maxplo Pty Ltd




	A directional cartridge for controlled secondary rock blasting. Pre-assembled ready for use, it saves time in placing charges by unskilled personnel.


	The design is such that most of the explosive force is directed into the boulder with a minimum of energy escaping in any direction hence avoiding damage to underground installations such as water pipes, air lines and support screens.
	













Detonators


	Detonators for medium caliber ammunition consists of an aluminium cup filled with a primary and a secondary explosive. These detonators are used in all types of fuzes for 20, 23, 30 and 35 mm ammunition and mining initiators.











Boosters


	Boosters for medium caliber ammunition consists of a steel body and an aluminium closing cup. It is filled with the high V.O.D. explosive HMX. These boosters are used in all types of fuzes for 20, 23, 30 and 35 mm ammunition.
	








Primary Explosives

	The following primary explosives are manufactured:


Lead Styphnate
Lead Azide
Tetrazene
Transport and packaging conforms to UN requirements.





	Pyrotechnics
	


	The following pyrotechnic compositions are manufactured:


Igniting, transfer and tracing compositions for small and medium caliber ammunition.
Incendiary compositions for small arms and medium caliber ammunition.






Secondary High Explosives


The following secondary high explosives are manufactured:
Hexoplast-4 for boosters and detonators
Hexal P30 for shell filling
Hexal P18 for shell filling
High explosive substitute (HES) for use in TP and TP/T ammunition
Transport and packaging conforms to UN requirements.






Chemical / Explosive Laboratory


Highly sophisticated laboratory with the necessary equipment to analyse a wide range of chemicals and explosives.
Atomic Absorption Spectrophometry
Differential Scanning Calorimetry
Thermo Graphic Analysis
Gas Chromatography
Liquid Chromatography
Compatibility tests
Impact and Friction Sensitivity
Wet Chemical Analysis






 








Photo GalleryPlease click on any photo to view the enlarged format.



 Back to Top









Contact Denel
Contact us directly or feel free to send us an online enquiry.
+27 12 318 1911
info@pmp.co.za
1 Ruth First Street, Lotus Gardens, Pretoria, 0008
Private Bag X334, Pretoria, South Africa, 0001




Denel Business Divisions

Visit the Denel companies and partners.


Denel AerostructuresDenel AviationDenel DynamicsDenel Industrial PropertiesDenel Land SystemsDenel MaritimeDenel MechemDenel Overberg Test RangeDenel PMPDenel SOC LtdDenel Technical AcademyDenel Vehicle Systems 

 









Company Brochure

Download Denel's latest company brochure by clicking on the image below. 





 












Copyrights © 
         
        - All rights reserved - Denel PMP
Website Dev: Aftershock
Code of Ethics  |  PAIA Manual  |  Disclaimer  |  Sitemap  |  Contact Us












Rifles | MMP Guns

















Skip to main content








Login
Cart
 



















Facebook
Twitter
Instagram

 



(602) 889-1503    Contact Us





Search form

Search this site 






 
















Rifles










 




 
 


Anderson AM-15 Carbine 5.56mm 16" w/ Franklin Armory Binary Trigger *New In Box*
$999.99

Put this item on layaway for 20% down 

 Layaway 


Layaway Terms


Options: 
Add Vortex SPARC AR(+$199.99)Do Not Add Vortex SPARC AR






 

 


Anderson AM-15 Stripped Lower Receiver *New In Box*
$59.99

Put this item on layaway for 20% down 

 Layaway 


Layaway Terms






 

 


Auto Ordnance Thompson "Chicago Typewriter" .45acp *Drum mag included*
$3,499.99

Put this item on layaway for 20% down 

 Layaway 


Layaway Terms






 

 


Auto Ordnance Thompson .45acp *Drum mag included*  *Pre-owned*
$1,199.99

Put this item on layaway for 20% down 

 Layaway 


Layaway Terms






 

 


Barrett M82A1 Semi-Automatic .50 BMG Rifle *New in Box*
$9,499.99

Put this item on layaway for 20% down 

 Layaway 


Layaway Terms






 

 


Browning A-Bolt Composite Stalker .243 Win 22" *Pre-Owned*
$699.99

Put this item on layaway for 20% down 

 Layaway 


Layaway Terms






 

 


Browning Auto Rifle Grade 1 Miroku .22 LR 19.375" *Pre-Owned*
$269.00

Put this item on layaway for 20% down 

 Layaway 


Layaway Terms






 

 


Century Arms RAS47 7.62X39
$699.99





 

 


Century Arms RAS47 7.62X39
$699.99

Put this item on layaway for 20% down 

 Layaway 


Layaway Terms






 

 


Century International Arms C39v2 Semi-Auto Rifle 7.62x39
$799.99





 

 


Century International Arms C39v2 Semi-Auto Rifle 7.62x39
$799.99





 

 


Century International Arms C39v2 Semi-Auto Rifle 7.62x39
$799.99





 

 


Century International Arms WASR-10 Semi-Auto 7.62x39
$749.99





 

 


Colt AR6951MPMG Muddy Girl AR-15 Carbine 9mm 16.1" *New* NO BOX
$1,299.99

Put this item on layaway for 20% down 

 Layaway 


Layaway Terms






 

 


Colt Expanse M4 5.56 16" *New In Box*
$679.99

Put this item on layaway for 20% down 

 Layaway 


Layaway Terms






 
 
Pages1
2
3
4
5
next ›
last »

 










Shopping Cart

There are no products in your shopping cart.0 ItemsTotal: $0.00 


Search Rifles





            Search          








            Manufacturer          


- Any -Accuracy InternationalAccu Tek FirearmsAir Weapons Complex (AWC)Alexander ArmsAntonovAlliant TechsystemsAmerican DerringerAMTArcus Co.Aquarius InternationalArmaLiteArmi JagerArmament TechnologyArmscorArsenal CorporationArsenal, Inc.Astra ArmsAuto OrdiananceKiev ArsenalASELSANAtlas ElektronikAvibrasBAE SystemsBaikalBangladesh Ordnance FactoriesBarrett Firearms ManufacturingBazaltBenelliBerettaBersa/Llama ArmsBharat DynamicsBharat Earth Movers LimitedBharat Electronics LimitedBirmingham Small Arms CompanyBoeing Defense, Space & SecurityBond Arms, IncBrowning Arms CompanyBushmaster Firearms InternationalCaracalCaspian Arms LtdCasull ArmsCentury International ArmsChaiseri Metal & RubberCharles DalyCharter ArmsCheyTacChiappa FirearmsColt's Manufacturing CompanyCompanhia Brasileira de Cartuchos (CBC)CobraČeská Zbrojovka (CZ)Daniel DefenseDefense Industries OrganizationDegtyarev PlantDenelDenel DynamicsDetonicsDiehl BGT DefenceDiamondDiamondbackDoosan DSTEAAEADSEASElbit SystemsEmbraerEastfieldFábrica de Armas HalcónFabrique Nationale (FN)Fabryka BroniFAMAEFAMARSFederal Cartridge CompanyFegyver- és Gépgyár (FEG)FerfransFinmeccanicaFloro International CorporationFreedom ArmsGeneral DynamicsNexter (formerly GIAT Industries)GlenfieldGlock Ges.m.b.H.Grand PowerGunsmokeHanwhaHarrington & Richardson (H&R)Heavy Industries TaxilaHeckler & Koch (H&K)Henry Repeating ArmsHispano Argentina Fábrica de AutomóvilesHelibrasHeritageHi-Point FirearmsHigh StandardHindustan Aeronautics LimitedHolland & HollandHowaldtswerke-Deutsche Werft (HDW)HS ProduktHyundai RotemIBRAPIAC ImportsIran Aviation Industries OrganizationIran Electronics IndustriesIMBELINDEPIndumilInnalabsInsys 	UKIsrael Military Industries (IMI)Israel Weapon Industries (IWI)Israel Aerospace Industries (IAI)ISSCIthaca GunsIver JohnsonIzhevsk Mechanical PlantIzhmashJames Purdey and Sons Ltd.JC HigginsJesse JamesJimenezJP Enterprises IncKahr ArmsKBP Instrument Design BureauKel-Tec CNC Industries IncKharkiv Morozov Machine Building Design BureauKimber ManufacturingKlimovsk Specialized Ammunition PlantKnight's Armament Company (KAC)Kongsberg Defence & AerospaceKorea Aerospace Industries (KAI)KAL-ASDKrauss-Maffei Wegmann (KMW)Land Warfare Resources Corporation (LWRC)Les BaerLFKLIG nex1Lockheed MartinFranchiLürssenMagnum Research Inc. (MRI)Mechanical and Chemical Industry Corporation (MKEK)Manroy Engineering Ltd.Manroy USAMasterPiece ArmsMauserMarlin FirearmsMatra BAE Dynamics Alenia (MBDA)McBros RiflesMiguel Enrique Manzo Sal (MEMS)Metal StormMalyshev FactoryMossberg & SonsNammoNavy ArmsNorincoNorth American ArmsNorthrop CorporationOerlikon ContravesOlympic ArmsOMI Ordtech Military IndustriesOrdnance Factories OrganisationPakistan Aeronautical Complex (PAC)Para-Ordnance Manufacturing IncPatriaPatriot Ordnance Factory (POF)Productos MendozaPindadRafael Advanced Defense Systems (Rafael)Rangemaster Precision ArmsRangerRemington Arms (Remington)RevelationRheinmetall AG (Rheinmetall)RND ManufacturingRock River ArmsRossiRomarmRomtehnicaRosoboronexportRoyal OrdnanceRoyal Aquarius Defense IndustriesRPC Fort (Fort)RugerS&T DaewooSaab ABSAKOSamsung TechwinSavage ArmsSellier & BellotSerbu FirearmsSharps Rifle Manufacturing CompanySmith & Wesson (S&W)Springfield ArmorySphinx Systems Ltd.StagArmsSterling Armaments CompanySteyr Mannlicher (Steyr)StevensST EngineeringSTI InternationalStoeger IndustriesStrayer Voigt IncSturm, Ruger, & Co. (Ruger)Swiss ArmsSIG SauerTangfolioThai Aviation IndustryTHOR Global Defense GroupTsNIITochMashThompsonTurkish Aerospace Industries (TAI)Taser InternationalTaurusTEREMTextron SystemsThompson Center ArmsThales GroupThyssenKruppU.S. Fire Arms Manufacturing CompanyU.S. Repeating Arms Company (USRAC)Uralvagonzavod (UVZ)Winchester Repeating Arms CompanyWaltherWebley & ScottWilson CombatWinchesterW. W. GreenerValmetYuzhnoye Design BureauZastava Arms





            Caliber          


- Any -17 Aguila17 HMR17 Mach 222 CB22 Long22 Long Rifle22 Short22 WMR22 WRF10mm Auto25 ACP25 NAA30 Luger32 ACP32 H&R Magnum32 NAA32 S&W32 S&W Long32 Short Colt357 Magnum357 Sig375 JDJ38 Long Colt38 S&W38 Short Colt38 Special38 Super380 ACP40 S&W400 Cor-Bon41 Magnum44 Colt44 Magnum44 Russian44 Special44-40 WCF440 Cor-Bon45 ACP45 GAP (Glock)45 Long Colt45 Schofield454 Casull460 S&W475 Linebaugh480 Ruger5.7x28 FN50 AE500 S&W7.62x25 Tokarev9mm Luger9mm Makarov9x219x23 Win17 Remington204 Ruger218 Bee22 Hornet22 Savage (5.6X52R)22-250 Remington220 Swift221 Fireball222 Remington223 Remington223 WSSM224 Weatherby225 Winchester240 Weatherby243 Winchester243 WSSM25 WSSM25-06 Remington25-20 WCF25-35 WCF250 Savage257 Roberts257 Weatherby260 Remington264 Winchester Magnum270 Weatherby270 Winchester270 WSM280 Remington284 Winchester30 Carbine30 T/C30-06 Springfield30-30 Winchester30-378 Weatherby30-40 Krag300 Blackout300 H&H Magnum300 SAUM300 Savage300 Ultra Magnum300 Weatherby300 Whisper300 Winchester Magnum300 WSM303 British307 Winchester308 Winchester32 Winchester Special32-20 WCF325 WSM338 Federal338 Lapua338 Ultra Magnum338 Winchester Magnum338-378 Weatherby340 Weatherby348 Winchester35 Remington35 Whelen350 Remington Magnum356 Winchester358 Winchester375 H&H Magnum375 Ruger375 Ultra Magnum375 Winchester376 Steyr378 Weatherby38-4038-5540-65405 Winchester416 Remington Magnum416 Rigby416 Weatherby444 Marlin45 Winchester Magnum45-70 Govt45-90450 Bushmaster450 Marlin450-400 Nitro458 Lott458 Winchester Magnum470 Nitro Express5.45x395.565.6x52R50 BMG6.5 Grendel6.5 Remington Magnum6.5x55 Swedish6.5x576.8 SPC6mm Remington7-30 Waters7.62x397.62x54R7mm Remington Magnum7mm SAUM7mm STW7mm Ultra Magnum7mm Weatherby7mm WSM7mm-087x57 Mauser7x647x65R8mm Breda8mm Remington Magnum8x57 Mauser9.3x629.3x729.3x748 guage10 guage12 guage16 guage20 guage.410 shotgun





            Action          


- Any -Semi-AutoBoltPumpSingle ShotLever





            Condition          


- Any -RoughFairGoodGreatLike NewNew





            Additional Info          


- Any -TacticalHuntingTargetCompetitionHome DefenseScopedCollectible/RareAK47AR15




 

 


 


















 

 



Detonics Small Arms Ltd. Employee Discounts, Employee Benefits, Employee Perks, Employee Discount Program - Corporate Shopping

















Exclusive Offers. Elite Brands. Easy Shopping.



GO 




FOLLOW US: 


login








Detonics Small Arms Ltd.


Enjoy Private Employee Discounts, Exclusive Pricing and Friends & Family Sales.

























- REAL RECENT OFFERS -





Special employee pricing, everyday discounts,
		private offers, Friends & Family, and more!



You're in good company! All Detonics Small Arms Ltd. employees are eligible for unbeatable deals at over 250 of the world's best retailers.
Lifetime registration is 100% free to all employees.

FIRST NAME:LAST NAME:EMAIL:CREATE PASSWORD:RE-TYPE PASSWORD:*ALTERNATE EMAIL:Instant Access!
We absolutely respect email privacy. Privacy Policy










Top Companies Eligible For Employee Discounts

ADP, Inc.
Advanced Auto
AIG
Albertsons
Ally Financial Inc.
American Family Insurance Company
Arby's
AT&T Corporation
Avaya Inc.
Amazon.com, Inc.
Amgen Inc.
Apple Inc.
Avis Budget Group, Inc.
3M Company
Abbott Laboratories
Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.
Aecom Technology Corporation
Agilent Technologies, Inc.
American International Group, Inc.
AOL Inc.
Ashland Inc.
Assurant, Inc.
Autoliv, Inc.
Avery Dennison Corporation
Avon Products, Inc.
Barclays Group US, Inc.
Bechtel Corporation
Best Buy
Big Lots Stores, Inc.
Booz Allen Hamilton Inc.
Burger King Corporation
Bed Bath & Beyond Inc.
Ball Corporation
Barnes & Noble, Inc.
Baxter International Inc.
BB&T Corporation
Becton, Dickinson and Company
Bemis Company, Inc.
Berkshire Hathaway Inc.
BorgWarner Inc.
Boston Scientific Corporation
Bristol-Myers Squibb Company
Caesars Entertainment
Cargill, Incorporated
Charles Schwab & Co., Inc.
US Department of Justice
Chevron Inc
ConocoPhillips Company
Coventry Health Care Inc.
Cox Enterprises, Inc.
McGraw-Hill
Crown Holdings, Inc.
Charter Communications, Inc.
Cognizant Technology Solutions 
Costco Wholesale Corporation
Cablevision Systems Corporation
Cameron International Corporation
Capital One Financial Corporation
CBRE Group, Inc.
CenturyLink, Inc.
Chubb Corporation
Computer Sciences Corporation
ConAgra Foods, Inc.
Con-way Inc.
Corning Incorporated
CSX Corporation
Cummins Inc.
Delaware North Companies, Inc.
Domino's Pizza 
Dunkin' Donuts 
Olive Garden
Chili's Grill & Bar 
DISH Network Corporation
Dollar Tree, Inc.
Dana Holding Corporation
Danaher Corporation
DaVita HealthCare Partners Inc.
Dean Foods Company
Deutsche Bank USA
US Department of Veterans Affairs
Dillards, Inc.
Dole Food Company, Inc
Dollar General Corporation
Dover Corporation
Dow Chemical Company
Duke Energy Corporation
EmblemHealth, Inc.
Emerson Electric 
Marriott International
Enterprise Rent-A-Car Company
Ernst & Young LLP
Colgate Palmolive
eBay Inc.
Express Scripts
Ecolab Inc.
Eli Lilly and Company
EMC Corporation
EMCOR Group, Inc.
Estee Lauder Companies, Inc.
Exelon Corporation
Exxon Mobil Corporation
First Data Corporation
Facebook, Inc.
Fifth Third Bancorp
Frontier Communications Corporation
Family Dollar Stores, Inc.
Fidelity National Financial, Inc.
Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.
FirstEnergy Corporation
Fluor Corporation
Foot Locker, Inc.
Ford Motor Company
Alcoa
Subway
Gamestop Corporation
Gannett Co.
General Electric 
General Mills, Inc.
General Motors Company
Genworth Financial Inc
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.
Google Inc.
Halliburton
HCR ManorCare, Inc.
HCSC Group
Health Care Service Corporation
Health Management Associates, Inc.
Health Net, Inc.
Hess Energy Inc.
Highmark Inc.
HSBC Bank USA
Hy-Vee, Inc.
Henry Schein, Inc.
H.J. Heinz Company
Hartford Financial Services Group
Hewlett-Packard Company
Hillshire Brands Company
Home Depot, Inc. 
Honeywell International Inc.
Hormel Foods Corporation
Huntington Ingalls Industries
Independence Blue Cross, Inc.
Instagram, Inc.
International Paper 
Intel Corporation
Illinois Tool Works Inc.
Ingram Micro Inc.
International Business Machines


Jabil Circuit
Jefferies & Company
John Deere
Johnson & Johnson Inc.
J.C. Penney Company
Jacobs Engineering Group Inc.
Jarden Corporation
Johnson Controls, Inc.
Kaiser Foundation Hospitals, Inc.
KFC 
Kiewit Corporation
Kimberly Clark Worldwide Inc.
PwC
Koch Industries, Inc.
Kroger Foods, Inc.
KBR, Inc.
Kellogg Company
Kindred Healthcare, Inc.
Kohls Corporation
Kelly Services, Inc.
Kraft Foods Group, Inc.
Laboratory Corporation of America
Liberty Interactive
Liberty Mutual Insurance
Liberty Global, Inc.
L-3 Communications
Las Vegas Sands Corp.
Lazard
LinkedIn Corporation
Loews Corporation
Mars, Incorporated
MASCO, Inc.
McKinsey & Company
Medtronic USA Inc.
Meijer, Inc.
Mattel, Inc.
Micron Technology, Inc.
Microsoft Corporation
Mondelez International, Inc.
ManpowerGroup
Marathon Petroleum Corporation
Marsh & McLennan Companies
Masco Corporation
McDonalds Corporation
Medtronic, Inc.
Merck & Company
Mohawk Industries, Inc.
Monsanto Company
Murphy Oil Corporation
National Oilwell Varco, L.P.
Nationwide
NBC Universal
New York Life Insurance Co.
News Corporation
Northern Trust Corporation
NCR Corporation
Nike, Inc.
Nordstrom, Inc.
Norfolk Southern Corporation
Nucor Corporation
Omnicom Group
OSI Restaurant Partners, LLC
Outback Steakhouse
Office Depot, Inc.
Officemax Incorporated
Omnicare, Inc.
Owens-Illinois, Inc.
Pinterest
Piper Jaffray & Co.
Pitney Bowes Inc.
Pizza Hut
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Progressive Casualty Insurance Company
Publix Super Markets
Parker-Hannifin Corporation
Pepsico, Inc.
Pfizer, Inc.
PNC Financial Services Group, Inc.
PPG Industries, Inc.
Praxair, Inc.
Prudential Financial
Dairy Queen
PACCAR Inc.
PetSmart, Inc
QUALCOMM Incorporated
Quest Diagnostics Incorporated
R.R. Donnelley & Sons Company
Ralph Lauren Corporation
Raytheon Company
Red Lobster
Regions Financial Corporation
Rite Aid
Rockwell Automation, Inc.
Ross Stores, Inc.
Ryder System, Inc.
Safeway Inc.
SAIC Inc
Samsung International, Inc.
Sanmina, Inc.
Sealed Air Corporation
Sears Holdings Corporation
Sempra Energy
Sherwin-Williams Company 
Smithfield Foods, Inc.
Sodexo, Inc.
Southern Company
Southwest Airlines Company
St. Jude Medical, Inc.
Stanley Black & Decker, Inc.
Starbucks 
Starwood Hotels & Resorts 
State Street Corporation
Stryker Corporation
SunTrust Banks, Inc.
SuperValu Inc.
Symantec Corporation
Taco Bell 
TD Bank, N.A.
Tenet Healthcare Corporation
Tenneco Inc.
Terex Corporation
Texas Instruments Incorporated
Textron Inc.
US Department of Homeland Security
Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company
US Department of the Treasury
US Department of Agriculture
United States Department of Defense
The Shaw Group Inc.
The Timken Corporation
Travelers Companies, Inc.
Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc
Time Warner Cable
TJX Companies, Inc.
TravelCenters of America 
Twitter, Inc.
Tyson Foods
U.S. Bancorp
Union Pacific Corporation
United Airlines, Inc
United Continental Holdings
United Parcel Service
United States Steel Corporation
United Technologies Corporation
Universal Health Services, Inc.
Unum
URS Corporation
US Airways Inc.


Valero Energy Corporation
Vanguard Health Systems, Inc.
Verizon Communications
Viacom Inc.
Visteon Corporation
W.W. Grainger, Inc.
Walgreen Co.
Walt Disney Company 
Waste Management, Inc.
WellPoint Inc.
Wells Fargo & Company
Wendys 
Weyerhaeuser Company
Whirlpool 
Whole Foods Market, Inc.
Wynn Resorts
Xerox 
Yahoo
YRC Worldwide, Inc.
Yum Brands
Arizona State University
kijian.com
retailcodes.com
McKesson
Bank of America
Citibank
J.P. Morgan Chase & Co.	
Apple
CVS Caremark
IBM
Citigroup
Cardinal Health
UnitedHealth Group
Procter & Gamble
Archer Daniels Midland
AmerisourceBergen
Boeing
Walmart Stores
Target
MetLife
Caterpillar
State Farm Insurance
Comcast
Dell
UPS
Intel
Lowe's
Coca-Cola
Lockheed Martin
Cisco Systems
FedEx
Sysco
CHS
Dupont
Humana
Hess
Oracle
Delta Airlines
Aetna
American Express
Allstate
Morgan Stanley
General Dynamics
Phillip Morris
Mass Mutual
Cigna
Baker Hughes
Aramark
Darden Restaurants
Gap
Lear
Western Digital
3M
Community Health Systems
AMR
American Airlines
Northrop Grumman
State of New York
Fairfax County Public Schools
Los Angeles Unified School District
Houston Independent School District
Hawaii Department of Education
Dallas Independent School District
Montgomery County Public Schools
Credit Suisse
Verizon Wireless
UPS
Sprint
Motorola
O'Reilly Automotive
Interpublic Group
Jones Financial
Freeport McMoRan
HCA Healthcare
Fidelity Investments
 UnitedHealthcare
Highmark Blue Cross Blue Shield
Regence BlueCross BlueShield
CareFirst BlueCross BlueShield
State of Texas
UBS
mywalmart.com
Pennsylvania State University
Ohio State University
University of Minnesota
University of Texas at Austin
Ashford University
University of Central Florida
Texas A&M University
University of Florida
Michigan State University
State University of New York
City University of New York
California State University
University of California
Miami Dade College
Indiana University
New York City Department of Education
New York City Public Schools
City of Chicago School District 29
Dade County School District
Broward County School District
Clark County School District
Philadelphia City School Disctrict
Hillsborough County School District
Detroit City School District
Palm Beach County School District
Orange County School District
San Diego City Unified School Disctrict
Prince Georges County Public Schools
Duval County School District
State of California
City of New York
City of Los Angeles
City of Chicago
City of Houston
City of Philadelphia
City of San Antonio
City of San Diego
City of Dallas
City of San Francisco
City of Charlotte
City of Fort Worth
City of Detroit
State Government Employees
Apple EPP
GE





Top Employee Discounts

123 Inkjets
1800Baskets.com
1800Flowers.com
1800Mattress
7 for All Mankind
Advance Auto Parts
Amazon.com
American Eagle Outfitters
Angie's List
Ann Taylor
Ann Taylor Loft
Apple Store
Art.com
Ashford.com
Avis
Banana Republic
Bare Necessities
Barnes & Noble.com
Best Buy
Best Western
Bloomingdales
Blue Nile
Bluefly.com
Bobbi Brown
Brooks Brothers Corporate Membership
Victoria's Secret
Budget-Rent-A-Car
BuyCostumes.com
Calvin Klein 
CheapTickets.com
Choice Hotels®
Uber
Clarins
Clinique
Crate & Barrel
Vegas.com
Orlando Employee Discounts
Crocs.com
Darphin
Experian
Dell Home Systems
UGG
DIRECTV
Drugstore.com
eBags.com
Eddie Bauer
Enterprise Rent-a-Car
Estée Lauder
Expedia.com
Express
Fairmont Hotels
Fandango
Finish Line
Footlocker.com
FragranceNet.com
FTD.com
Gap.com
GNC Vitamins
GoDaddy.com
Godiva
Golf Smith
Groupon
Harry & David
Hertz
Sprint Discount Program
Holiday Inn Express
Holiday Inn® Hotels
Home Depot
Hotels.com
Ice.com
InterContinental® Hotels Group
J. Crew
J. Jill
JC Penney
Kate Spade
Kiehls
Kipling
Kohls.com
La Quinta Inns & Suites
Lancome


Lands' End
Levis
LifeLock Identify Theft
Lord & Taylor
Lowes
Lucky Brand Jeans
Macys
Magazines.com
Marriott Hotels
MLB.com Shop
Modells
Molton Brown
Moosejaw
Motel 6®
Nautica
NBA Store
Saks Fifth Avenue OFF 5TH
Newegg
New York Times
NFL Shop
Nike Store
Nine West
Nordstrom
North Face
Office Depot
Old Navy
Orbitz
Origins
Philosophy
ProFlowers.com
Puma.com
Ralph Lauren
Red Envelope
REI
Restaurant.com
Saks Fifth Avenue
Sears
Sephora.com
Shari's Berries
Sheraton Hotels & Resorts
ShoeBuy.com
ShoeMall.com
Shoes.com
Sierra Trading Post
Snapfish
Solstice Sunglasses
Starbucks
Target
The Childrens Place
The Sports Authority
Tickets Now
TigerDirect.com
Timberland
Tory Burch
Travelocity
TurboTax
Under Armour
Verizon Wireless
Walmart.com
Weight Watchers
Westin Hotels
teleflora
Spanx
Starwood Hotels & Resorts
Club Monaco
Kenneth Cole
HotelStorm
Neiman Marcus Last Call
Rite Aid
Ticket Monster
Pier 1 Imports
Zipcar
Cox Communications
L.L.Bean
Kmart
Walgreens
Staples
T-Mobile
Sprint
Shutterfly


Tiny Prints
Coach
StubHub
hockeymonkey
Eve's Addiction
Pottery Barn
Rag & Bone
iTunes
Asos
Omaha Steaks
SeaWorld Parks
Samsung
Hilton Hotels & Resorts®
Geico
Evite
MICROSOFT HOME USE PROGRAM
Booking.com
Lacoste
Dockers
Cole Haan
CB2
Quicken Loans
Design Within Reach
Hyatt Hotels
Forever 21
West Elm
Liberty Mutual Insurance
CheapOair.com
T.J. Maxx
ESET
HP EMPLOYEE PURCHASE PROGRAM 
buybuy BABY
Old Pueblo Traders
Diesel
Talbots
Bed Bath & Beyond®
Sperry Top-Sider
Toms
Jo Malone
UNIQLO
39DollarGlasses.com
Gilt.com
HalloweenCostumes.com
Ticketmaster
Woot
Esurance
American Apparel
Williams-Sonoma
Verizon Broadband Services
La Mer
nomorerack.com
Carolee
PBteen
Pottery Barn Kids
Verizon Wireless Ford Employees
Verizon Wireless NYU Medical Center Employees
J.Crew Factory
DraftKings
Cars.com
Michael Kors
Billabong
QVC
Dell Member Purchase Program
DISH
American Express® Gift Cards
AccorHotels
LendingTree.com
GE Appliances Warehouse
W Hotels Worldwide
Embassy Suites by Hilton™
InterContinental® Hotels & Resorts
Hilton Garden Inn
Fairfield Inn & Suites® Marriott
Beaches® Resorts 
Atlantis Paradise Island Resort
Sandals Resorts International
Via
Parallels
U.S. Bank









