










 




Deutsche Bank (Suisse) S.A.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 9:12 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Deutsche Bank (Suisse) S.A.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Deutsche Bank (Suisse) S.A. offers asset management and investment banking products, and services. It operates in three divisions: Private Wealth Management, Asset Management, and Corporate and Investment Banking. The Private Wealth Management division manages private assets, as well as provides asset advisory and private wealth management services internationally. The Asset Management division provides investment solutions to pension funds, foundations, insurance companies, and other institutional investors. It also manages mandates for equities, Swiss franc bonds, and balanced BVG mandates. The Corporate and Investment Banking division provides services in the areas of corporate finance an...
Deutsche Bank (Suisse) S.A. offers asset management and investment banking products, and services. It operates in three divisions: Private Wealth Management, Asset Management, and Corporate and Investment Banking. The Private Wealth Management division manages private assets, as well as provides asset advisory and private wealth management services internationally. The Asset Management division provides investment solutions to pension funds, foundations, insurance companies, and other institutional investors. It also manages mandates for equities, Swiss franc bonds, and balanced BVG mandates. The Corporate and Investment Banking division provides services in the areas of corporate finance and transaction banking. The company is based in Zurich, Switzerland. Deutsche Bank (Suisse) S.A. operates as a subsidiary of Deutsche Holdings (Luxembourg) S.à r.l.
Detailed Description


Prime TowerHardstrasse 201Zurich,  8005Switzerland



Phone: 41 22 739 01 11

Fax: 41 22 739 07 00

www.db.com/switzerland







Key Executives for Deutsche Bank (Suisse) S.A.




Dr. Hans-Jüergen Koch Ph.D.


      	Chief Executive Officer 
      








Dr. Freiherr Bernd-Albrecht von Maltzan


      	Member of Executive Board and Director
      


Age: 68
        







Dr. Gurdon Wattles


      	Member of Executive Board and Director
      








Dr. Hans-Rudolf Staiger


      	Member of Executive Board and Director
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 “The Lantern” Research Sagl Europe 2thePoint AG Europe A&a Bull And Bear Europe AAA Corporate Finance Advisers AG Europe Abrir Capital Advisors AG Europe




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Deutsche Bank (Suisse) S.A., please visit www.db.com/switzerland.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close







































Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













Deutsche Bank (Suisse) SA | Company Profile Report  - D&B Hoovers








































































Menu









Buy Reports & Lists
How It Works




United States
United Kingdom



(855) 891-0791


Login
















Company
People
Industry





Search D&B Hoovers: Company | People | Industry








Login





Avention OneSource is now D&B Hoovers. Login here for access to D&B Hoovers, D&B DataVision, D&B Business Browser and iSell
Login







For customers of Hoovers prior to March 1, 2017.
Login




















Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial








Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial




















Search the D&B Hoovers Database

Company

Company
People
Industry

















Home
                >Company Information
                >Company Search
                >Company Report















Company Profile


Information For


Sales Preparation


Marketing Contacts


Revenue & Financial


Available Products


Company Report


Banks & Credit Unions Industry Report













Company ReportDeutsche Bank (Suisse) SA
Hoover's industry experts provide proprietary editorial analysis supplemented with content from multiple data sources to bring you the Company Profile Report. The depth of each report varies, so be sure to view the sample and review the report contents listed next.
View Sample Report

Company Overview
People
Biographies



Buy Company Profile Report

Gain an instant understanding of a business, including company background, industry, competition, and financial health.
Get unbiased insights on the top 43,000 global companies, compiled by our industry-specific business analysts.
Uncover the roles and responsibilities of the management team and identify key decision makers.

View Sample Report


					$29.00
Add to Cart


			Our easy-to-read reports present information on over 85 million companies within 900 industry segments.
Request Your Free Trial
Learn More About Subscriptions



 

Hoover’s reports equip you with vital information to evaluate opportunity and competition, define strategy, and prepare for sales calls --- anytime, anywhere.


		$29.00
Add to Cart



































FREE Alerts to Changes in Your D&B® Credit Scores!* Sign Up.
Get CreditSignal® for FREE!*












Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days! Get Started.
Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days























Deutsche Bank (Suisse) Sa Private Banking SWIFT Codes - Switzerland | BIC Code Search



















SWIFT Code Lookup





            Feed
 









Home
Switzerland
Deutsche Bank (Suisse) Sa Private Banking






Deutsche Bank (Suisse) Sa Private Banking, Switzerland SWIFT Code Information
SWIFT and BIC Codes of all Deutsche Bank (Suisse) Sa Private Banking branches in Switzerland. Select your branch from the list below to find SWIFT code information.
Currently there 1 active branches of Deutsche Bank (Suisse) Sa Private Banking in Switzerland.








Swift Code
Branch
City
Country






DEUTCHGG



									Head Office
								

									Geneva
								

Switzerland













Swift Code Format:
PPPP QQ RR SSS









P



Financial Institution Code
4 letters (A-Z)







Q



Country Code
2 letters (A-Z)









R



Location Code
2 Alphanumeric (A-Z) (0-9). It is used to specify the head office of the financial institution.







S



Branch Code
3 Alphanumeric (A-Z) (0-9)











What is SWIFT Code?
The SWIFT (Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication) Code is the internationally recognized standard form for the Business Identifier Codes (BIC) used to identify a bank. Each bank has its unique code that distinguishes it from every other bank, a crucial step for the secure transferring of funds between banks. Swift code is used primarily for international bank wire transfers, SEPA payments and sometimes it is also used by banks for exchanging messages.
SWIFT Code Format
Each SWIFT Code is a series of 4 codes. The first is the 4 letter bank code which is typically an abbreviated version of the bank’s name. Next is the 2 letter country code followed by a 2 digit location code which indicates where the bank’s headquarters are. The location code can be two letters or two numbers, but the first two parts of the code are only made up of letters. The final part of the SWIFT Code is an optional 3 digit number that indicates the particular branch of the bank. This last part can be a combination of letters and numbers as well.
 The length of the swift code is either of 8 or 11 alphanumeric characters depending on type of financial institution.
International Bank Wire Instructions
 For international bank wire one needs to provide following details:

Recipient Name
Recipient Bank Name and Address
Account Number of the Recipient
SWIFT Code
IBAN Code (Depends on country to country)

About SwiftCodeLookup.org
So how do you find accurate SWIFT codes? At SwiftCodeLookup.org, we make it easy for you to get the SWIFT codes you need. With our search engine, you can look up a bank’s SWIFT code or you can search by bank name or by country. In our database, you have access to 105,600 SWIFT codes for 3,567 banks across the globe.











DEUTCHGG Swift Code (BIC) - Deutsche Bank (Suisse) Sa Private Banking, Geneva | BIC Code Search



















SWIFT Code Lookup





            Feed
 









Home
Switzerland
Deutsche Bank (Suisse) Sa Private Banking
DEUTCHGG




DEUTCHGG SWIFT Code Information
DEUTCHGG SWIFT code belongs to Deutsche Bank (Suisse) Sa Private Banking, Head Office branch. The branch is located in city of Geneva, Switzerland. The swift code (also known as BIC code) is valid for all bank account holders of Deutsche Bank (Suisse) Sa Private Banking, Head Office branch.



Deutsche Bank (Suisse) Sa Private Banking, Head Office SWIFT Code : DEUTCHGG



SWIFT / BIC Code: DEUTCHGG





Bank Name

Deutsche Bank (Suisse) Sa Private Banking



Branch

							Head Office



Branch Address

								3 Place Des Bergues 1211 Geneva
							


City

								Geneva
							


Country

Switzerland



Region

								Europe
							


Bank Code

								DEUT
							


Country Code

								CH
							


Location Code

								GG
							


Branch Code

								XXX
							







Swift Code Format:
PPPP QQ RR SSS









P



Financial Institution Code
4 letters (A-Z)







Q



Country Code
2 letters (A-Z)









R



Location Code
2 Alphanumeric (A-Z) (0-9). It is used to specify the head office of the financial institution.







S



Branch Code
3 Alphanumeric (A-Z) (0-9)









What is SWIFT Code?
The SWIFT (Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication) Code is the internationally recognized standard form for the Business Identifier Codes (BIC) used to identify a bank. Each bank has its unique code that distinguishes it from every other bank, a crucial step for the secure transferring of funds between banks. Swift code is used primarily for international bank wire transfers, SEPA payments and sometimes it is also used by banks for exchanging messages.
SWIFT Code Format
Each SWIFT Code is a series of 4 codes. The first is the 4 letter bank code which is typically an abbreviated version of the bank’s name. Next is the 2 letter country code followed by a 2 digit location code which indicates where the bank’s headquarters are. The location code can be two letters or two numbers, but the first two parts of the code are only made up of letters. The final part of the SWIFT Code is an optional 3 digit number that indicates the particular branch of the bank. This last part can be a combination of letters and numbers as well.
 The length of the swift code is either of 8 or 11 alphanumeric characters depending on type of financial institution.
In case of primary/head office swift code is of 8 characters only.
Example: 
Swift Code of Deutsche Bank (Suisse) Sa Private Banking, Head Office branch is DEUTCHGG


DEUT identifies the Financial Institution code


CH identifies the country code


GG identifies the location code


International Bank Wire Instructions
 For international bank wire one needs to provide following details:

Recipient Name
Recipient Bank Name and Address
Account Number of the Recipient
SWIFT Code
IBAN Code (Depends on country to country)

About SwiftCodeLookup.org
So how do you find accurate SWIFT codes? At SwiftCodeLookup.org, we make it easy for you to get the SWIFT codes you need. With our search engine, you can look up a bank’s SWIFT code or you can search by bank name or by country. In our database, you have access to 106,566 SWIFT codes for 33,380 banks across the globe.












Deutsche Bank – Contacts
































Meta Navigation: Deutsche Bank GroupDeutsch
Primary Navigation: HomeCompanyContactsDeutsche Bank Global
You are here:HomeCompanyContacts











Secondary Navigation: ContactsDeutsche Bank Global 

                                








 Contacts








Deutsche Bank (Switzerland) Ltd.
Prime Tower Hardstrasse 201 8005 Zurich 
Tel: +41 58 111 0111 Fax: +41 58 111 5050 
How to find us






Deutsche Bank (Suisse) SA 
Place des Bergues 3
Case Postale
1211 Genève 1

Tel: +41 22 739 0111 
Fax: +41 22 739 0700 
How to find us (EN)
How to find us (FR)











Deutsche Bank (Suisse) SA
Quai du Seujet 24 1201 Geneva 
Tel: +41 22 715 8000 Fax: +41 22 715 8080 






Deutsche Bank AG, Zurich Branch
Corporate Clients Uraniastrasse 9 8001 Zurich 
Tel: +41 44 227 3000 Fax: +41 44 227 3100 











Deutsche Bank AG, Zurich Branch
Corporate ClientsQuai du Seujet 241201 Geneva 
Tel: +41 44 227 3000 Fax: +41 44 227 3100 






Deutsche Fiduciary Services (Suisse) SA
Quai du Seujet 241201 Geneva 
Tel: +41 22 739 0664 Fax: +41 22 739 0665 





























Footer Navigation: 
ImprintLegal ResourcesLast Update: December 1, 2016
Copyright © 2017 Deutsche Bank AG, Frankfurt am Main






























Deutsche Bank (Suisse) SA (Switzerland)



























 

















Home



Bank Directory



Banks by Country



Switzerland













Deutsche Bank (Suisse) SA
 


overview

Financials
Market Share
Deposit Guarantee
Bank Identifiers
Locations



  


















Deutsche bank is a universal bank, one of the biggest European banks in terms of total assets. 
Deutsche Bank has large presence in Europe, the Americas, Asia-Pasific countries and emerging markers. 
Deutsche Bank provides a wide range of retail, corporate and investment banking products as well as asset 
and wealth management.




AddressPlace des Bergues 3, 1211, Genève, SwitzerlandPhone022 739 01 11Fax022 739 07 00 

Member of Group Deutsche Bank (Germany)Bank CategoryForeign-controlled banksStart Date1980  
 


Total Assets (2016)8 975.07 mln CHF  (-26.98%)Number of Employees (2015)585  (-1.33%)  

Deposit Guarantee100 000 CHF  
 


BIC (SWIFT)DEUTCHGGXXX 

Company NumberCHE-105.875.437 
 
 
 


Compare Banking Products in SwitzerlandTime Deposit Accountsup to 1.50 %Credit Cardsfrom 75.00 CHF p.a.Consumer Loansfrom 5.90 %Similar Banks
 BSI SA LGT Bank (Schweiz) AG J.P. Morgan (Suisse) SA Bank CIC (Schweiz) AG Bank Linth LLB AG




 
 


Country Information
 
Economy and Banking Sector of Switzerland
 
	List of Banks in Switzerland
 

Related Articles
Changes in Swiss banks in 2014Changes in Swiss banks in 2015FATCA and European countries 




Financial Positions



Total Assets (2016)




8 975.07 mln CHF  (-26.98%)



Assets Under Management (2015)




82 702.30 mln CHF  (-3.52%)


In 2016 total assets of Deutsche Bank (Suisse) SA were 8 975.07 mln CHF. Decline compared to the previous period (2015) was -26.98%. The evolution of the total assets of Deutsche Bank (Suisse) SA is shown at Chart 
1 below.

Chart 1. Total Assets of Deutsche Bank (Suisse) SA.
In 2015 assets under management of Deutsche Bank (Suisse) SA were 82 702.30 mln CHF. Decline compared to the previous period (2014) was -3.52%. The evolution of the assets under management of Deutsche Bank (Suisse) SA is shown at Chart 
2 below.

Chart 2. Assets Under Management of Deutsche Bank (Suisse) SA.
Profit and Loss



Gross Profit (2015)




104.70 mln CHF  (+363.27%)



Annual Profit (2015)




84.90 mln CHF  (+1 032.00%)


In 2015 gross profit of Deutsche Bank (Suisse) SA was 104.70 mln CHF. Growth compared to the previous period (2014) was 363.27%. The evolution of the gross profit of Deutsche Bank (Suisse) SA is shown at Chart 
3 below.

Chart 3. Gross Profit of Deutsche Bank (Suisse) SA.
Recent changes in gross profit of Deutsche Bank (Suisse) SA and its main 
components are shown in Table 1.


2014
2015
% change


Net Interest Income
86.9
86.6
-0.35% 

Net Commission Income
235.2
313.5
+33.29% 

Net Income from Trading Operations
19.3
21.5
+11.40% 

Net Income from Banking Operations
397.9
441.7
+11.01% 

Gross Profit
22.6
104.7
+363.27% 
Table 1. Recent changes in gross profit 
of Deutsche Bank (Suisse) SA (mln CHF).In 2015 annual profit of Deutsche Bank (Suisse) SA was 84.90 mln CHF. Growth compared to the previous period (2014) was 1 032.00%. The evolution of the annual profit of Deutsche Bank (Suisse) SA is shown at Chart 
4 below.

Chart 4. Annual Profit of Deutsche Bank (Suisse) SA.




Market Position and Market Share (among banks in Switzerland)



Total Assets (2016)




45th (market share 0.29%)






Deposit Guarantee



Deposit Guarantee




Yes (up to 100 000 CHF per depositor)


Deposit Guarantee Schemes compensate certain deposits 
held by depositors of a bank that becomes unable to meet its obligations.All credit institutions operating in Switzerland are obliged to participate 
in Swiss deposit guarantee scheme.In the case of Deutsche Bank (Suisse) SA failure, eligible depositors having covered accounts 
		in this bank will be paid out the following compensation:

Eligible Depositors 
private individuals, commercial enterprises and public-sector offices


Covered Accounts 
credit balances (e.g. personal accounts, savings accounts, investment accounts, salary accounts, numbered accounts, deposit accounts and current accounts)


Covered Currencies 
all


Maximum Protected Amount 
100 000 CHF


Paid In Currency 
CHF

Further Information
Deposit Guarantee Scheme in Switzerland



Bank Identifiers
Any bank can be identified for different purposes and hence can have several different identifiers.
BIC
BIC (Business Identifier Code, also known as SWIFT code or SWIFT BIC) 
		is a the mostly used international identifier of financial institutions. 
		SWIFT is the registration authority for BICs.  BICs are used in financial transactions, 
		client and counterparty data bases, compliance documents and many others.
A BIC consists of eight or eleven characters, comprising a financial institution code 
		(four characters), a country code (two characters), a location code (two characters) 
		and, optionally, a branch code (three characters).
BIC of Deutsche Bank (Suisse) SA and its components are shown in the table below.

BIC 
DEUTCHGGXXX


Bank BIC Code 
DEUT


Country Code 
CH (Switzerland)


Location Code 
GG


Branch Code 
XXX

Company Registration Number
Company Registration Number is a distinctive code issued upon registration of a new company. 
		This code can be used to find  data about the company in a national company register.

Company Number 
CHE-105.875.437





European Presence: 32 banks in 20 countries
This bank operates in the following European countries 
		and selected dependent territories of the European countries:
Austria Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft Filiale Wien (Wien)
 Deutsche Bank Österreich AG (Wien)
Belgium Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft (Bruxelles)
Cayman Islands Deutsche Bank (Cayman) Limited (Grand Cayman)
 Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft (Grand Cayman)
Czech Republic Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft Filiale Prag, organizační složka (Praha 1)
France Deutsche bank AG (PARIS CEDEX 08)
Germany DB Investment Services GmbH (Frankfurt am Main)
 Deutsche Bank AG (Frankfurt am Main)
 Deutsche Bank Bauspar-Aktiengesellschaft (Frankfurt am Main)
 Deutsche Bank Europe GmbH (Frankfurt am Main)
 Deutsche Bank Privat- und Geschäftskunden Aktiengesellschaft (Frankfurt am Main)
Greece Deutsche Bank AG (Athens)
Hungary Deutsche Bank AG Magyarországi Fióktelepe (Budapest)
Ireland Deutsche Bank AG (Dublin)
Italy Deutsche Bank AG (MILANO)
 DEUTSCHE BANK MUTUI S.P.A. (MILANO)
 DEUTSCHE BANK S.P.A. (MILANO)
Luxembourg Deutsche Bank A.G., Frankfurt (Allemagne), succursale de Luxembourg (LUXEMBOURG)
 Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. (LUXEMBOURG)
Netherlands Deutsche Bank A.G. (Amsterdam Zuidoost)
Norway DEUTSCHE BANK AG OSLO BRANCH (OSLO)
Poland Deutsche Bank Polska SA (Warszawa)
Portugal Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft - Sucursal em Portugal (Lisboa)
Spain Deutsche Bank A.G., S.E. (Madrid)
 Deutsche Bank, S.A.E. (Madrid)
Sweden Deutsche Bank AG bankfilial Stockholm (Stockholm)
Switzerland (this bank) Deutsche Bank (Suisse) SA (Genève)
 Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, Frankfurt a.M., Zweigniederlassung Zürich (Zürich)
Turkey DEUTSCHE BANK A.Ş. 
United Kingdom DB UK Bank Limited (London)
 Deutsche Bank AG (London)




 
 





















English




























Time to deliver
Markets believe that the global economic landscape is finally brightening. To keep them sweet we need evidence of both policy delivery and further earnings growth. It’s time to be an optimistic pessimist. 
Continue





 









The Biennale effect
Frieze New York opened the week before the Venice Biennale this year, with many artists, curators – and collectors – attending both. In an ever more interlinked art world, what are the different roles of the fair and the biennial?  
Continue





 









Tech Hubs
In the beginning, there was Silicon Valley, the original tech hub. Now, tech innovation and investment is flourishing around the world. Here, Rhymer Rigby outlines four emerging hubs that should be on your radar.
Continue





 













Countdown 
Frieze London












 days


 hours


 minutes




October 5 – 8 2017
Wednesday, October 4 (Invitation-only preview)
Thursday, October 5 – Sunday, October 8













IN CONVERSATION
The topics we’re talking about around the globe






Family ties

Salvatore Ferragamo is the shoemaker to the stars and one of the last Italian luxury goods companies in family hands. Today, the grandchildren of the eponymous founder are taking the family business to new heights in an increasingly competitive global retail arena.  
Continue








Making meat healthy

Ethan Brown is betting on a future where your eco-friendly burger is made of plants.  The 45-year-old California-based entrepreneur talks to WERTE about proteins, persistence, and how plant-based meats will mean a better world. 
Continue













Bridging the world

Pearl Lam is the flamboyant purveyor of contemporary art to many of the most discerning denizens of London, Hong Kong and points beyond. The 48-year-old art dealer, who has galleries in both cities, talks about Asia, Europe, and then world art market.

Continue








Bringing light

Children around the world are trapped in institutions offering little care or comfort. Sarah Whiting, Director of Fundraising at the charity Hope and Homes for Children, talks about transforming young lives.

Continue








The science behind success

Neuroscientist Karolien Notabaert believes that by being aware of how your mind is responding to certain stimuli, you can optimize your performance – and minimize your stress levels. Here she explains how. 
Continue








In EMEA and APAC this publication is to be considered Marketing Material. Past performance is not indicative of future performance. All opinions and claims are based upon data at the time of publication and may not come to pass. This information is subject to change at any time, based upon economic, market and other considerations and should not be construed as a recommendation. No assurance can be given that any forecast or target will be achieved. Forecasts are based on assumptions, estimates, opinions and hypothetical models or analysis which may prove to be incorrect.














Home – Deutsche Bank











 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 























Deutsche Bank Search






Search Query







DEDeutschSitemapPrintContact














Results for the 2nd Quarter

more













Deutsche Bank Foundation  supports relief projects  in Somalia with €437,000

            A big Thank You to all donors!


more













Insights from Deutsche Bank's Global Transaction Banking
flow e-magazine

Read or subscribe





















When will you make an impact on our global business?

Now is the right time to get started


Find job opportunities






































All news




































Current key topics




What you need to know about #DigitalBanking
Are zeros and ones the currency of the future?more










Social Impact
Bringing together companies and social startupsWatch video


















Our innovation ecosystem
       Pop into our digital workshops and idea labsmore










Appreciating social value
Report on business’ social initiativesmore










Outstanding entrepreneurs
Deutsche Bank Awards for Creative Enterprisemore

































Graduate? Professional?

       
    

       Opportunities for agile minds start here.  more





Financial releases, reports and calendar

       
    

       Consult our financial reporting and events or read our creditor information






Deutsche Bank Share Price (Xetra)


--
--
EUR




















 




















































            This Website uses cookies in order to improve user experience. If you close this box or continue browsing, we will assume that you are happy with this. For more Information about the cookies we use or to find out how you can disable cookies, see our Cookies Notice.
        











