

Deutsche International Fund, Inc. - Deutsche Global Macro Fund: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 7:39 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Deutsche International Fund, Inc. - Deutsche Global Macro Fund



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Deutsche International Fund, Inc. - Deutsche Global Macro Fund is an open-ended equity mutual fund launched and managed by Deutsche Investment Management Americas Inc. The fund is co-managed by Deutsche Asset Management International GmbH. It invests in the public equity markets across the globe. The fund also uses exchange traded funds and derivatives to make its investments. It invests in stocks of companies operating across diversified sectors. The fund invests in common and preferred stocks of companies across all market capitalizations for its equity investments. For its fixed income investments, it invests in bonds, structured notes, money market instruments, and cash. The fund employs...
Deutsche International Fund, Inc. - Deutsche Global Macro Fund is an open-ended equity mutual fund launched and managed by Deutsche Investment Management Americas Inc. The fund is co-managed by Deutsche Asset Management International GmbH. It invests in the public equity markets across the globe. The fund also uses exchange traded funds and derivatives to make its investments. It invests in stocks of companies operating across diversified sectors. The fund invests in common and preferred stocks of companies across all market capitalizations for its equity investments. For its fixed income investments, it invests in bonds, structured notes, money market instruments, and cash. The fund employs fundamental analysis with a top-down and bottom-up stock picking approach, along with risk management strategy, focusing on factors like news flows, market sentiment and technical factors to create its portfolio. It benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the Bank of America Merrill Lynch US 3-Month Treasury Bill Index. The fund was formerly known as Deutsche International Fund, Inc. - Deutsche Global Equity Fund. Deutsche International Fund, Inc. - Deutsche Global Macro Fund was formed on May 15, 1995 and is domiciled in the United States.
Detailed Description


345 Park AvenueNew York, NY 10154United StatesFounded in 1995



Phone: 212-250-2447

Fax: 212-797-0431

fundsus.deutscheam.com/EN/products/deutsche-global-macro-fund.jsp







Key Executives for Deutsche International Fund, Inc. - Deutsche Global Macro Fund




Mr. Michael G. Clark Jr.


      	President
      


Age: 51
        







Mr. Paul H. Schubert


      	Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
      


Age: 54
        







Mr. Ingo Gefeke


      	Executive Vice President
      


Age: 50
        







Mr. John Caruso


      	Anti-Money Laundering Compliance Officer
      


Age: 52
        







Mr. John Brian Millette


      	Chief Legal Officer and Secretary
      


Age: 55
        




Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Deutsche International Fund, Inc. - Deutsche Global Macro Fund, please visit fundsus.deutscheam.com/EN/products/deutsche-global-macro-fund.jsp.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























Deutsche International Fund, Inc. - Deutsche CROCI International Fund: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 7:39 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Deutsche International Fund, Inc. - Deutsche CROCI International Fund



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Deutsche International Fund, Inc. - Deutsche CROCI International Fund is an open-ended equity mutual fund launched and managed by Deutsche Investment Management Americas Inc. It invests in public equity markets of developed countries across the globe, excluding North America. The fund invests in stocks of companies operating across diversified sectors excluding the financial sector. It invests in stocks of companies across all market capitalizations. The fund benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the MSCI EAFE Index and the MSCI EAFE US Dollar Hedged Index. It employs proprietary research to create its portfolio. The fund was formerly known as Deutsche International Fund, Inc. ...
Deutsche International Fund, Inc. - Deutsche CROCI International Fund is an open-ended equity mutual fund launched and managed by Deutsche Investment Management Americas Inc. It invests in public equity markets of developed countries across the globe, excluding North America. The fund invests in stocks of companies operating across diversified sectors excluding the financial sector. It invests in stocks of companies across all market capitalizations. The fund benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the MSCI EAFE Index and the MSCI EAFE US Dollar Hedged Index. It employs proprietary research to create its portfolio. The fund was formerly known as Deutsche International Fund, Inc. - Deutsche International Fund. Deutsche International Fund, Inc. - Deutsche CROCI International Fund was formed on August 2, 1999 and is domiciled in the United States.
Detailed Description


345 Park AvenueNew York, NY 10154United StatesFounded in 1999



Phone: 212-250-2447

Fax: 212-797-0431

fundsus.deutscheam.com/EN/products/deutsche-croci-international-fund.jsp?fund-key=2002







Key Executives for Deutsche International Fund, Inc. - Deutsche CROCI International Fund




Dr. Di Kumble Ph.D., CFA


      	Portfolio Manager
      








Mr. John Moody


      	Portfolio Manager
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Deutsche International Fund, Inc. - Deutsche CROCI International Fund, please visit fundsus.deutscheam.com/EN/products/deutsche-croci-international-fund.jsp?fund-key=2002.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft

















Deutsche International Fund Inc Dividend Announcement - DividendInvestor.com

































































































MENU










 (570) 567-0434 








































SIGN IN



















DividendInvestor.com


First In Dividend Data Worldwide®


Deutsche International Fund Inc Dividend Announcement(NASDAQ:SERNX)DIVIDEND ANNOUNCEMENT: Deutsche International Fund Inc (NASDAQ: SERNX) today declared a dividend of $0.1382 per shareJune 23, 2017Deutsche International Fund Inc (NASDAQ: SERNX) today declared a dividend of $ 0.1382 per share payable on June 26, 2017 to shareholders of record as of June 22, 2017. Dividend amount recorded is a decrease of $ 0.0212 from last dividend Paid.Deutsche International Fund Inc (NASDAQ:SERNX) has paid dividends since 2005, has a current dividend yield of 1.6% and has increased its dividends for 0 successive years.The stock price closed yesterday at $ 30.56 and has a 52 week low/high of $ 27.12 and $ 30.99. For more information on Deutsche International Fund Inc click here.Deutsche International Fund Inc current dividend information as per the date of this press release is:Dividend Declaration Date: June 23, 2017Dividend Ex Date: June 23, 2017Dividend Record Date: June 22, 2017Dividend Payment Date: June 26, 2017Dividend Amount: $ 0.1382


DividendInvestor.com


DividendInvestor.com is a leading worldwide independent provider of dividend information and data for investment professionals. Our mission is to be the First In Dividend Data Worldwide® by designing and developing essential tools and systems for the investment community with the highest level of accuracy and integrity.
Contact:
info@DividendInvestor.com





 













DIVIDEND TOOLSQuote
Dividend Calendar
Screener
Email Alerts
52 Week High/Low
Dividend Detector
Dividend History
Scorecard
Dividend Calculator

DIVIDEND INVESTMENTDirectory of Dividend Stocks
Dividend Glossary
Featured Articles
Learn More



STOCK SYMBOL LOOK UP


GO

SIGN UP NOW


USER SECTIONUser Profile
Log In


Check out our other sites around the world 












Australia
Canada
Germany

UK
USA

Our Sister Site:Preferred-Stock.com










Fundamental Data provided by DividendInvestor.com. All information is provided without warranty of any kind.
Historical Dividend Data powered by DividendInvestor.com™.
Copyright © 2017 DividendInvestor.com™. All Rights Reserved.













X




Limited-Time Free Report:
Collect a Fat Dividend Check Every Month from the World's Biggest Companies (without having to buy their expensive shares)
Get my top monthly dividend payer... a company boasting a dividend yield of more than 10%, and whose portfolio holdings feature some of the biggest and most successful companies on the planet (Google, Apple, Nike, etc.). Simply enter your email to claim your free report.









































 | Deutsche Asset Management



































Market Insight

Economic Outlook 



Products

Money Market Funds: Yields
Closed End Funds: Prices & Performance
Variable Insurance Portfolios



Literature

Fund Literature : Mutual Funds
Fund Literature : Money Market Funds
Fund Literature : Closed End Funds
Fund Literature : Variable Insurance Portfolios



Retirement

Retirement: Employer-Sponsored Plans

Retirement: IRAs




Tools & Services

Advisors
Investors
Financial Institutions
Mutual & Money Fund Account Forms: Public



About Us

Who We Are
News & Press: Reprints
Contact Us







INSIGHTS





The Allocator
by David Bianco, Chief Investment Strategist



U.S. Economic Outlook 
Economic and financial market projections



Employment Report
A viewpoint from Josh Feinman 







        
        FEATURED INSIGHTS
        


    
    Chief Investment Office
    


    
    Global Markets Insights
    


(Locked) 
    Global Markets Presentations
    


    
    On-Demand
    







        
        SEARCH INSIGHTS
        


    
    Asset-Class Perspectives
    


    
    Research
    


    
    Fund Commentaries
    


    
    Global Economic Outlook
    


    
    Market Perspectives
    


    
    White Papers
    







        
        SPEAKER SERIES
        


    
    Upcoming Calls
    


    
    Replays
    






(Locked) Sign In Required



PRODUCTS





Global Infrastructure
Fund overview, prices, ratios and fund facts



European Equity Fund
Fund Overview, prices, ratios and fund facts



Global High Income
Fund Overview, prices, ratios and fund facts







MUTUAL FUNDS
        



       Fund Product Pages
    

    
    Prices & Performance
    


    
    Expense Ratios & Ratings
    


    
    Dividends
    


    
    Capital Gains
    


    
    Yields & Distributions
    







CLOSED END FUNDS
        



       Fund Product Pages
    

    
    Prices & Performance
    




MONEY MARKET FUNDS
        


    
    Yields
    


    
    Performance
    


    
    Full Portfolio Holdings
    


    
    Fund Characteristics
    







        
        VARIABLE INSURANCEPORTFOLIOS
        


    
    Prices
    


(Locked) 
    Performance
    


    
    Expenses
    


    
    Dividends & Capital Gains
    


    
    Full Portfolio Holdings
    







        
        MARKET-LINKED INVESTMENTS
        


    
    Previous Offerings
    




MODEL DELIVERY
        


    
    Strategy Offerings
    






(Locked) Sign In Required



LITERATURE





Global Infrastructure 
Fact sheets, presentations, sales ideas and more



High-yield and GNMAs
Potential protection from shifting markets



CROCI Funds
Fact sheets, presentations, sales ideas and more







MUTUAL FUNDS
        


    
    View All
    


    
    Fact Sheets
    


    
    Commentaries
    


    
    Brochures
    


    
    Sales Ideas
    


    
    Summary Prospectuses
    


    
    Prospectuses
    







        
        MONEYMARKET FUNDS
        


    
    View All
    


    
    Fact Sheets
    


    
    Summary Prospectuses
    


    
    Prospectuses
    







CLOSED END FUNDS
        


    
    View All
    


    
    Fact sheets
    


    
    Annual Reports
    


    
    Semi-Annual Reports
    


    
    Quarterly Reports
    







        
        VARIABLE INSURANCEPORTFOLIOS
        


    
    View All
    


    
    Fact Sheets
    






(Locked) Sign In Required



RETIREMENT





DCIO
Defined Contribution Investment Only 



FINRA Calculator
Information and analysis for mutual funds



Rollover IRA
Options available to rollover your IRA







        
        EMPLOYERSPONSORED PLANS
        


    
    Overview
    


    
    Participants
    


    
    Plan Sponsors
    


(Locked) 
    Advisors
    







IRAs
        


    
    Overview
    


    
    Traditional
    


    
    Roth
    


    
    Rollover
    


(Locked) 
    IRA Account Forms for Advisors
    


    
    IRA Account Change & Distributions
    







ADVISOR SIGN-IN
        


    
    Retirement Plan Access
    







INVESTOR SIGN-IN
        


    
    Investor Resource Center
    


    
    Retirement Account
    






(Locked) Sign In Required



RESOURCES





Subscription Center
Key insights and analysis



Life goes on 
Are you prepared?  



Go Paperless
E-delivery - fast and free







        
        INVESTORS
        


    
    Shareholder Accounts
    


    
    Retirement Plan Accounts
    


    
    Investor Resource Center
    


    
    Account Forms
    


    
    Tax Center
    


    
    Frequently Asked Questions
    


    
    Glossary
    







        
        ADVISORS
        


(Locked) 
    Advisor Center
    


(Locked) 
    Account Forms
    


    
    Retirement Accounts
    


    
    Client Portfolios
    







        
        INSTITUTIONS
        


(Locked) 
    Institutions Center
    






(Locked) Sign In Required



ABOUT US





Media Release
Deutsche Bank refines strategy



Municipal Bond Team 
Long-term results from an experienced team 



A Wealth of Experience
Asset management capabilities







        
        WHO WE ARE
        


    
    Overview
    


    
    Key Figures
    


    
    Deutsche Bank -A Strong Partner
    


    
    Investment Philosophy
    


    
    U.S. Management Team
    


    
    History
    







        
        NEWS & PRESS
        


    
    Article Reprints
    


    
    Press Releases
    







        
        CONTACT US
        


    
    General
    


    
    Advisors
    


    
    Institutions
    


    
    Investors
    


    
    Media Relations
    






(Locked) Sign In Required







Search





Sign In / Enroll






This site requires Adobe Flash Player 9. Download Now








DeutscheCROCI International FundSCINXOverall Morningstar Risk: 
                                    Above Avg  | 
            See Important Objectives and Risk Information BelowData as of 06/30/17 unless otherwise notedADD TO:
                Yahoo|
                Google|Print|Send To A FriendShare Class: 
        
        
                     A
                 |
            
                     C
                 |
            
                     INST
                 |
            
                     R6
                 |
            
                     T
                 |
            
                             SQuarterly Performance as of 06/30/17
                                                         
                                             
                                          
                                          
                                          
                                          
                                             -0.66%6.17%14.65%26.09%2.29%8.75%-0.14%1m3mYTD1yr3yr5yr10yrPerformance is historical and does not guarantee future results. Investment returns and principal fluctuate so your shares may be worth more or less when redeemed. Current performance may differ from the data shown. Growth of a $10,000 Investment from 03/31/07 to 03/31/17 03/0703/0903/1103/1303/1503/17Growth Chart$10000$5002$7962$8141$10346$9869SourceSource: Deutsche Asset ManagementcloseBenchmark Comparison  from 07/31/07 to 06/30/17 07/0707/0907/1107/1307/1506/17Deutsche CROCI International Fund-1.45 %10.20 %-1.49 %4.51 %-0.14 %-0.66 %MSCI EAFE Index-1.479.13-1.595.282.08-0.18SourceSource: Lipper, Inc. MSCI EAFE Index (Europe, Australia, Far East) tracks the performance of stocks in select developed markets outside of the United States.Index returns assume reinvestment of any and all distributions and, unlike fund returns, do not reflect fees or expense. It is not possible to invest directly in an index.closeWhy Choose This Fund Investing in international equities may help investors seeking to capture growth opportunities outside the United States while diversifying their portfolio. This may however be accompanied by additional risks of investing in foreign stocks. Portfolio Management intends to select approximately 50 stocks from among large cap companies in global developed markets outside North America, utilizing the CROCI® strategy as the primary factor. The fund is reviewed periodically and adjusted in accordance with the CROCI® strategy’s rules, and the regional weighting in the fund is targeted to match the fund’s benchmark. The CROCI® strategy is supplied by the CROCI® investment strategy and valuation group, a unit within Deutsche Asset Management, through a licensing agreement with the fund’s advisor. The CROCI® valuation process is not managed or executed by Deutsche Investment Management Americas, Inc. The members of the CROCI team are not employees of DIMA nor do they provide investment advisory services on behalf of DIMA.Diversification by asset class or among real estate sectors does not necessarily protect against losses. Management TeamDi Kumble CFA21 years experienceJohn Moody19 years experienceFINRA BrokerCheckPerformance History as of 06/30/17Monthly 1yr3yr5yr10yrLife of Fund
 
26.09 %2.29 %8.75 %-0.14 %--Cumulative 1m3mYTD
 
-0.66 %6.17 %14.65 %Historical 201620152014201320122011
 
1.14 %-5.07 %0.17 %20.48 %20.76 %-16.44 %Portfolio CompositionSectors 
                26%Industrials19%Health Care18%Consumer Discretionary16%Consumer Staples15%Utilities6%MaterialsGeographic Distribution25%Japan20%United Kingdom16%Switzerland11%France10%Germany8%Hong Kong4%Singapore2%Finland2%Netherlands2%SpainMorningstar Equity Style BoxSecurity TypesCommon stocks96 %Preferred stocks2Cash equivalents2Largest Equity Holdings 
                
                  as of
                                            06/30/17ANA Holdings2.2 %Nestle2.2Kuehne + Nagel International2.1Iberdrola2.1Osaka Gas2.1Novartis2.1Danone2.1Fortum2.1GlaxoSmithKline2.1Pernod-Ricard2.1Total of Net Assets21.2 %Full Portfolio Holdings forPlease Choose 05/31/17 04/28/17 03/31/17 02/28/17 01/31/17 12/30/16 Daily Performance 
            as of
            07/27/17NAV :
                $47.19
                     | 
                    - $0.06 (-0.13%)1yr5yr10yr20.77%8.73%0.23%Morningstar RatingBased on risk adjusted performanceForeign Large BlendOverall
                             / 5953yr
                             / 5955yr
                             / 53310yr
                             / 342Morningstar Rating Information...Source: Morningstar, Inc. Ratings are historical and are no guarantee of future results. Morningstar Ratings are calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product’s monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The Overall Morningstar Rating for a fund is derived from a weighted average of the ratings for the time periods indicated. closeLipper RankingBased on total returnsInternational Multi-Cap Core Funds1yr28 / 4447%
                            3yr94 / 35427%
                            5yr107 / 29337%
                            10yr144 / 18379%
                            Lipper Ranking Information...Source: Lipper Inc. Rankings are historical and do not guarantee future results. Rankings are based on the fund’s total return with distributions reinvested. closeExpense Ratio as of current monthGrossNet0.92% 0.92% 
                                Voluntary: No
                            Expense Ratio Information...Any voluntary waivers may be discontinued at any time. Without a waiver, returns would have been lower and any rankings/ratings might have been less favorable. See the prospectus for details. closeFund FactsTotal Net Assets$1.10 billionNumber of Holdings52Cusip Number25156G715Inception Date6/18/53Dividend FrequencyAnnuallyMinimum Initial Investment$2,500Subsequent Investment Amount$50Minimum Initial IRA Investment$1,000Beta0.69Standard Deviation11.34R257.87PE Ratio19.15Turnover Rate (%)87.00Related MaterialsCurrency Exposure UpdateSummary ProspectusProspectusFact SheetSAIAnnual ReportSemi Annual ReportCommentary  
    
    
    R-001833.8 (4/17) Additional Performance InformationFund performance includes reinvestment of all distributions. Important Objectives, Strategy and Risk InformationThe fund seeks long-term growth of capital.Portfolio management intends to select approximately 50 stocks from among the largest stocks under CROCI® coverage (excluding financial stocks) in global developed markets outside North America, that offer economic value, utilizing the CROCI® strategy as one factor, among other factors. Under the CROCI® strategy, economic value is measured using various metrics such as the CROCI® Economic Price Earnings Ratio. This ratio is a proprietary measure of company valuation using the same relationships between valuation and return as an accounting P/E ratio (i.e. price/ book value divided by return on equity). CROCI® is a proprietary valuation methodology, which dates back to 1996 when it was developed by Deutsche Bank and attempts to understand the real value of a company. Portfolio management has the discretion from time to time to utilize forward foreign currency contracts to hedge against changes in value of the non−U.S. currency exposure of the Fund’s investments. The amount of the hedge, if any, is within management’s discretion depending on its outlook for currency markets.The fund will be managed using the CROCI® Investment Process which is based on portfolio management’s belief that, over time, stocks which display more favorable financial metrics (for example, the CROCI® Economic P/E Ratio) as generated by this process may outperform stocks which display less favorable metrics. This premise may not prove to be correct and prospective investors should evaluate this assumption prior to investing in the fund. The fund’s use of forward currency contracts may not be successful in hedging currency exchange rates changes and could eliminate some or all of the benefit of an increase in the value of a foreign currency versus the US dollar. Investing in derivatives entails special risks relating to liquidity, leverage and credit that may reduce returns and/or increase volatility. Investing in foreign securities presents certain risks, such as currency fluctuations, political and economic changes, and market risks. The fund may lend securities to approved institutions. Stocks may decline in value. See the prospectus for details. Important Information and Definitions©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All rights reserved. Morningstar, Inc., shall not be responsible for investment decisions, damages or other losses resulting from use of this rating. For each fund with at least a 3-year history, Morningstar calculates a Rating based on a risk-adjusted return measure that accounts for variation in a fund’s monthly performance (including the effects of sales charges, loads and redemption fees), placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of funds in a category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. (Each share class is counted as a fraction of one fund within this scale and rated separately, which may cause slight variations in the distribution percentages.)Source: Morningstar, Inc. The Morningstar® International Equity Style Box™ placement is based on a fund’s price-to-earnings and price-to-cash-flow ratios relative to the MSCI EAFE® index, as well as the size of the companies in which it invests, or median market capitalization. It represents a snapshot of a fund’s portfolio on a single day, but it’s not exact because a portfolio changes from day to day. A longer term view is represented by the fund’s Morningstar category, which is based on actual investment style as measured by its underlying holdings over the past three years. For funds younger than three years, the Morningstar category is estimated.Morningstar Risk is based on the calculation of the difference between the Morningstar Return (adjusted for loads and excess over the risk-free rate) and the Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return (adjusted for loads, excess over risk-free rate and risk). The calculation results in a rating system such that for each time period (3-, 5-, 10-years), the top 10% are given a risk score of 5 or High, next 22.5% of 4 or Above Average, next 35% of 3 or Average, next 22.5% of 2 or Below Average and the bottom 10% of 1 or Low. Source: Morningstar, Inc. Beta is a historical measure of a fund’s sensitivity to the movements of the fund’s benchmark index. A fund with a beta greater than 1 is more volatile than the benchmark. A fund with a beta less than 1 is less volatile. Source: Morningstar, Inc. R-squared (R2) is a historical measure that indicates how closely a fund’s past fluctuations have correlated with those of the fund’s benchmark. An R2 of 100% means that all movements of a fund are explained by benchmark movements. Both beta and R2 are based on a 3-year period relative to the index. Source: Morningstar, Inc. Standard deviation is a 3-year statistical measure of the volatility of a fund’s returns. Generally, the greater the standard deviation, the greater the fund’s volatility. Source: Morningstar, Inc. The Price/Earnings Ratio, or P/E Ratio, is a stock’s current price divided by the company’s trailing 12-month earnings per share from continuous operations.Source: Morningstar, Inc. Turnover rate is the rate of trading activity in a fund’s portfolio of investments, equal to the lesser of purchases or sales, for a year, divided by average total assets for that year.













SEC Info - Deutsche International Fund, Inc. - ‘497’ on 1/4/02










SEC Info uses JavaScript!  To view pages properly, enable JavaScript in your browser.


    SEC Info      Home      Search      My Interests      Help      Sign In      Please Sign In




Deutsche International Fund, Inc. – ‘497’ on 1/4/02On:  Friday, 1/4/02   ·   Accession #:  88053-2-11   ·   File #:  2-14400
Previous ‘497’:  ‘497’ on 1/2/02   ·   Next:  ‘497’ on 1/23/02   ·   Latest:  ‘497’ on 7/25/17



  in 
this entire Filing.
an "Entity" Search.
  Show 
Docs searched
 and 
every "hit".
the 1st "hit".

Help... Wildcards:  ? (any letter),  * (many).  Logic:  for Docs:  & (and),  | (or);  for Text:  | (anywhere),  "(&)" (near).    ↓Bottom
 
T-->  As Of                Filer                Filing    For·On·As Docs:Size

 1/04/02  Deutsche International Fund, Inc. 497                    1:997KF-->Definitive Material   —   Rule 497Filing Table of Contents
Document/Exhibit                   Description                      Pages   Size 

 1: 497         Definitive Filing - Scudder International Fund       269   1.31M 

D-->Document Table of Contents
Page (sequential) | (alphabetic) Top A-->
Alternative Formats (Word, et al.)
Additional Information
Administrative Agreement
Appendix
Auditors
Beneficial Ownership
Brokerage Commissions
Choosing a Share Class
Class A Shares
Class A Shares -- Combined Purchases
Class B Shares
Class C Shares
Contingent Deferred Sales Charge -- Class B Shares
Contingent Deferred Sales Charge -- Class C Shares
Contingent Deferred Sales Charge -- Large Order NAV Purchase Privilege
Custodian
Custodian, Transfer Agent and Shareholder Service Agent
Depositary Receipts
Depository Receipts
Directors and Officers
Distributor
Dividends, Capital Gains and Taxes
Euro
Exchange Privilege
Features and Services Offered by the Fund
Financial Statements
Fund Accounting Agent
Fund Organization and Shareholder Rights
Fund Service Providers
General
Illiquid Securities and Restricted Securities
Initial Sales Charge Alternative -- Class A Shares
Investment Advisor
Investment advisor, The
Investment Policies and Techniques
Investment Restrictions
Legal Counsel
Management of the Fund
Management of the Funds
Moody's
Net Asset Value
Performance
Policies about transactions
Policies You Should Know About
Purchase and Redemption of Shares
Purchase of Shares
Purchases and Redemption of Shares
Redemption or Repurchase of Shares
Retirement Service Provider
Reverse Repurchase Agreements
Scudder
S&P
Special Features
Special Plan Accounts
Strategic Transactions and Derivatives
Systematic Withdrawal Plan
Table of Contents
Taxes
Tax Identification Number
The investment advisor
Transfer Agent
Underwriter
Use of Segregated and Other Special Accounts
Zurich Scudder Investments, Inc
S-->
11st Page   -   Filing Submission
"Scudder
5Special Features
28Choosing a Share Class
29Class A Shares
31Class B Shares
32Class C Shares
35Policies You Should Know About
"Policies about transactions
45Distributor
59The investment advisor
80Zurich Scudder Investments, Inc
100Table of Contents
101Investment Restrictions
102Investment Policies and Techniques
109Depository Receipts
111Illiquid Securities and Restricted Securities
117Reverse Repurchase Agreements
119Strategic Transactions and Derivatives
123Use of Segregated and Other Special Accounts
124Management of the Funds
"Investment Advisor
128Brokerage Commissions
129Administrative Agreement
131Fund Service Providers
"Transfer Agent
"Custodian
"Auditors
"Legal Counsel
"Fund Accounting Agent
132Retirement Service Provider
"Performance
134Purchases and Redemption of Shares
142Special Plan Accounts
145Dividends, Capital Gains and Taxes
146Taxes
150Net Asset Value
151Directors and Officers
153Beneficial Ownership
155Fund Organization and Shareholder Rights
157Additional Information
158Financial Statements
159Appendix
"S&P
"Moody's
191Underwriter
193Custodian, Transfer Agent and Shareholder Service Agent
196Purchase and Redemption of Shares
"Purchase of Shares
197Initial Sales Charge Alternative -- Class A Shares
200General
201Tax Identification Number
202Redemption or Repurchase of Shares
203Contingent Deferred Sales Charge -- Large Order NAV Purchase Privilege
"Contingent Deferred Sales Charge -- Class B Shares
204Contingent Deferred Sales Charge -- Class C Shares
205Class A Shares -- Combined Purchases
206Exchange Privilege
208Systematic Withdrawal Plan
232Depositary Receipts
233Euro
246Management of the Fund
256Features and Services Offered by the Fund
P-->4971st Page of 269TOC↑TopPreviousNext↓BottomJust 1st 
 SCUDDER
                                                                     INVESTMENTS

Supplement to the currently effective Prospectus for each of the listed funds:

Scudder 21st Century Growth Fund                                                
Scudder Aggressive Growth Fund                                                  
Scudder Blue Chip Fund                                                          
Scudder Balanced Fund                                                           
Scudder California Tax-Free Income Fund                                         
Scudder Capital Growth Fund                                                     
Scudder Cash Investment Trust                                                   
Scudder Cash Reserves Fund                                                      
Scudder Contrarian Fund                                                         
Scudder Development Fund                                                        
Scudder Dividend & Growth Fund                                                  
Scudder-Dreman Financial Services Fund                                          
Scudder-Dreman High Return Equity Fund                                          
Scudder Dynamic Growth Fund                                                     
Scudder Emerging Markets Growth Fund                                            
Scudder Emerging Markets Income Fund                                            
Scudder Floating Rate Fund                                                      
Scudder Florida Tax-Free Income Fund                                            
Scudder Focus Growth Fund                                                       
Scudder Focus Value+Growth Fund                                                 
Scudder Global Bond Fund                                                        
Scudder Global Discovery Fund                                                   
Scudder Global Fund                                                             
Scudder GNMA Fund                                                               
Scudder Gold Fund                                                               
Scudder Greater Europe Growth Fund                                              
Scudder Growth Fund                                                             
Scudder Growth and Income Fund                                                  
Scudder Health Care Fund                                                        
Scudder High-Yield Fund                                                         
Scudder High-Yield Opportunity Fund                                             
Scudder High-Yield Tax-Free Fund                                                
Scudder Income Fund                                                             
Scudder International Fund                                                      
Scudder International Research Fund                                             
Scudder Large Company Growth Fund                                               
Scudder Large Company Value Fund                                                
Scudder Latin America Fund                                                      
Scudder Managed Municipal Bonds                                                 
Scudder Massachusetts Tax-Free Fund                                             
Scudder Medium-Term Tax-Free Fund                                               
Scudder Money Market Series                                                     
Scudder New Europe Fund                                                         
Scudder New York Tax-Free Income Fund                                           
Scudder Pacific Opportunities Fund                                              
Scudder Pathway Series: Conservative Portfolio                                  
Scudder Pathway Series: Growth Portfolio                                        
Scudder Pathway Series: Moderate Portfolio                                      
Scudder Research Fund                                                           
Scudder Retirement Fund -- Series III                                           
Scudder Retirement Fund -- Series IV                                            
Scudder Retirement Fund -- Series V                                             
Scudder Retirement Fund -- Series VI                                            
Scudder Retirement Fund -- Series VII                                           
Scudder S&P 500 Index Fund                                                      
Scudder S&P 500 Stock Fund                                                      
Scudder Select 500 Fund                                                         
Scudder Select 1000 Growth Fund                                                 
Scudder Short-Term Bond Fund                                                    
Scudder Small Cap Value Fund                                                    
Scudder Small Company Stock Fund                                                
Scudder Small Company Value Fund                                                
Scudder Strategic Income Fund                                                   
Scudder Target 2010 Fund                                                        
Scudder Target 2011 Fund                                                        
Scudder Tax Free Money Fund                                                     
Scudder Technology Fund                                                         
Scudder Technology Innovation Fund                                              
Scudder Total Return Fund                                                       
Scudder U.S. Government Securities Fund                                         
Scudder U.S. Treasury Money Fund                                                
Scudder Worldwide 2004 Fund                                                     
The Japan Fund, Inc.                                                            

Scudder Variable Series I                                                       
21st Century Growth Portfolio                                             
Balanced Portfolio                                                        
Bond Portfolio                                                            
Capital Growth Portfolio                                                  
Global Discovery Portfolio                                                
Growth and Income Portfolio                                               
Health Sciences Portfolio                                                 
International Portfolio                                                   
Money Market Portfolio                                                    

Scudder Variable Series II                                                      
Scudder Aggressive Growth Portfolio                                       
Scudder Blue Chip Portfolio                                               
Scudder Contrarian Value Portfolio                                        
Scudder Focus Value+Growth Portfolio                                      
Scudder Global Blue Chip Portfolio                                        
Scudder Government Securities Portfolio                                   
Scudder Growth Portfolio                                                  
Scudder High Yield Portfolio                                              
Scudder International Research Portfolio                                  
Scudder Investment Grade Bond Portfolio                                   
Scudder Money Market Portfolio                                            
Scudder New Europe Portfolio                                              
Scudder Small Cap Growth Portfolio                                        
Scudder Small Cap Value Portfolio                                         
Scudder Strategic Income Portfolio                                        
Scudder Technology Growth Portfolio                                       
Scudder Total Return Portfolio                                            
SVS Dreman Financial Services Portfolio                                   
SVS Dreman High Return Equity Portfolio                                   
SVS Dynamic Growth Portfolio                                              
SVS Focused Large Cap Growth Portfolio                                    
SVS Growth And Income Portfolio                                           
SVS Growth Opportunities Portfolio                                        
SVS Index 500 Portfolio                                                   
SVS Mid Cap Growth Portfolio                                              
SVS Strategic Equity Portfolio                                            
SVS Venture Value Portfolio                                               

Cash Account Trust                                                              
Money Market Portfolio                                                    
Government Securities Portfolio                                           
Tax-Exempt Portfolio                                                      

Cash Equivalent Fund                                                            
Money Market Portfolio                                                    
Government Securities Portfolio                                           
Tax-Exempt Portfolio                                                      

Investors Cash Trust                                                            
Government Securities Portfolio                                           
Treasury Portfolio                                                        

Investors Municipal Cash Fund                                                   
Investors Florida Municipal Cash Fund                                     
Investors Michigan Municipal Cash Fund                                    
Investors New Jersey Municipal Cash Fund                                  
Investors Pennsylvania Municipal Cash Fund                                
Tax-Exempt New York Money Market Fund                                     

Tax-Exempt California Money Market Fund                                         

Zurich Money Funds                                                              
Zurich Money Market Fund                                                  
Zurich Government Money Fund                                              
Zurich Tax-Free Money Fund                                                

Zurich YieldWise Funds                                                          
Zurich YieldWise Money Fund                                               
Zurich YieldWise Government Money Fund                                    
Zurich YieldWise Municipal Money Fund                                     

On December 4, 2001,  Deutsche Bank and Zurich Financial Services announced that
they have signed a definitive  agreement  under which Deutsche Bank will acquire
100% of Zurich  Scudder  Investments,  Inc.  ("Scudder"),  with the exception of
Threadneedle Investments in the U.K. Because the transaction would constitute an
assignment of the Funds' investment management agreements with Scudder under the
Investment  Company  Act  of  1940  and,  therefore,   a  termination  of  those
agreements,  Scudder  intends to seek approval of new agreements from the Funds'
shareholders. The transaction is expected to be completed, subject to regulatory
approval and satisfaction of other conditions, in the first half of 2002.       

December 4, 2001                                                                

P-->4972nd Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 2nd
 SCUDDER
                                                                 INVESTMENTS

Core Global/International Funds                                                 

Scudder International Fund                                                      

Supplement to Prospectus Dated January 1, 2002
CLASS I SHARES                                                                  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Scudder International Fund currently offers seven classes of shares to provide  
investors with different purchasing options. These are Class AARP, Class S,     
Barrett International Shares, Class A, Class B and Class C shares, which are    
described in the fund's prospectuses, and Class I shares, which are described in
the Class A, B and C prospectus as supplemented hereby. When placing purchase   
orders, investors must specify which class of shares they are ordering.         

Class I shares are available for purchase exclusively by the following          
categories of institutional investors: (1) tax-exempt retirement plans (Profit  
Sharing, 401(k), Money Purchase Pension and Defined Benefit Plans) of Zurich    
Scudder Investments, Inc. (the "Advisor") and its affiliates and rollover       
accounts from those plans; (2) the following investment advisory clients of the 
Advisor and its investment advisory affiliates that invest at least $1 million  
in a fund: unaffiliated benefit plans, such as qualified retirement plans (other
than individual retirement accounts and self-directed retirement plans);        
unaffiliated banks and insurance companies purchasing for their own accounts;   
and endowment funds of unaffiliated non-profit organizations; (3)               
investment-only accounts for large qualified plans, with at least $50 million in
total plan assets or at least 1000 participants; (4) trust and fiduciary        
accounts of trust companies and bank trust departments providing fee-based      
advisory services that invest at least $1 million in a fund on behalf of each   
trust; (5) policy holders under Zurich-American Insurance Group's collateral    
investment program investing at least $200,000 in a fund; and (6) investment    
companies managed by the Advisor that invest primarily in other investment      
companies.                                                                      

Class I shares currently are available for purchase only through Scudder        
Distributors, Inc. ("SDI"), principal underwriter for the fund, and, in the case
of category 4 above, selected dealers authorized by SDI.                        

P-->4973rd Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 3rd
The following information supplements the indicated sections of the prospectus. 

The Fund's Track Record                                                         

The table shows how the return of the fund's Class S shares compare with a broad
based market index (which, unlike the fund, has no fees or expenses). The       
performance of both the fund and the index vary over time. Class I shares do not
have a full calendar year of performance, therefore their performance data is   
not provided. Class S shares are invested in the same portfolio. Class S shares'
annual returns differ only to the extent that the classes have different fees   
and expenses. All figures on this page assume reinvestment of dividends and     
distributions. As always, past performance is no guarantee of future results.   

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Average Annual Total Returns (%) as of 12/31/2000                               
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                     1 Year              5 Years            10 Years
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Class I shares            -19.23               13.35                11.71       
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index                     -13.37                7.54                8.38        
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Index: Morgan Stanley Capital International (MSCI) Europe, Australia, Far East  
(EAFA) & Canada Index, an unmanaged capitalization-weighted measure of stock    
markets in Europe, Australia, the Far East and Canada.                          

For more recent performance information, call your financial representative or  
(800) 621-1048 or visit our Web site at www.scudder.com.                        

How Much Investors Pay                                                          

This table describes the fees and expenses that you may pay if you buy and hold 
Class I shares of the fund.                                                     

Shareholder Fees, paid directly from your investment.                           

Maximum     Maximum      Maximum      
Sales     Contingent     Sales      
Charge      Deferred      Charge      
(Load)       Sales        (Load)      
Imposed on     Charge     Imposed on      
Purchases     (Load)     Reinvested     
(% of       (% of      Dividends/   
                   offering    redemption    Distribu-    Redemption  Exchange
                  price)     proceeds)      tions          Fee         Fee
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Class I shares        None         None         None         None        None   
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Annual Operating Expenses, deducted from fund assets.                           

                                                              Total Annual
                    Distribution/Service                      Fund Operating
Management Fee           (12b-1) Fees       Other Expenses*        Expenses     
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  0.68%                None                0.15%               0.83%
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

* Includes a fixed rate administrative fee of 0.15%.                            

2 

P-->4974th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 4th
Example                                                                         

Based on the costs above, this example helps you compare the expenses of the    
fund to those of other mutual funds. This example assumes the expenses above    
remain the same. It also assumes that you invested $10,000, earned 5% annual    
returns, reinvested all dividends and distributions and sold your shares at the 
end of each period. This is only an example; actual expenses will be different. 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Example                                                                         
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
1 Year             3 Years             5 Years              10 Years
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
$85                $265                 $460                $1,025
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Financial Highlights                                                            

This table is designed to help you understand the fund's Class I shares'        
financial performance. The figures in the first part of the table are for a     
single share. The total return figures represent the percentage that an investor
in the fund would have earned (or lost), assuming all dividends and             
distributions were reinvested. This information has been audited by             
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, whose report, along with the fund's financial       
statements, is included in the fund's annual report (see "Shareholder reports"  
on the back cover of the fund's prospectus).                                    

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                        2001^a
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Selected Per Share Data                                                         
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net asset value, beginning of period                                    $50.14  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Income (loss) from investment operations:                                       
Net investment income (loss)^b                                           .23
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Net realized and unrealized gain (loss) on investment transactions    (10.24)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Total from investment operations                                      (10.01)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net asset value, end of period                                          $40.13  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total Return (%)                                                       (19.96)**
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Ratios to Average Net Assets and Supplemental Data                              
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net assets, end of period ($ thousands)                                     22  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Ratio of expenses (%)                                                      .84* 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Ratio of net investment income (loss) (%)                                  .86* 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Portfolio turnover rate (%)                                                 85  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

^a For the period from December 29, 2000 (commencement of sales of Class I      
shares) to August 31, 2001.                                               

^b Based on average shares outstanding during the period.                       

*  Annualized                                                                   

** Not annualized                                                               

3 

P-->4975th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 5th
Special Features                                                                

Shareholders of the fund's Class I shares may exchange their shares for (i)     
shares of Zurich Money Funds -- Zurich Money Market Fund if the shareholders of 
Class I shares have purchased shares because they are participants in tax-exempt
retirement plans of the Advisor and its affiliates; and (ii) Class I shares of  
any other mutual fund listed in the Statement of Additional Information.        
Conversely, shareholders of Zurich Money Funds -- Zurich Money Market Fund who  
have purchased shares because they are participants in tax-exempt retirement    
plans of the Advisor and its affiliates may exchange their shares for any other 
mutual fund to the extent that they are available through their plan. Exchanges 
will be made at the relative net asset values of the shares. Exchanges are      
subject to the limitations set forth in the prospectus.                         

As a result of the relatively lower expenses for Class I shares, the level of   
income dividends per share (as a percentage of net asset value) and, therefore, 
the overall investment return, typically will be higher for Class I shares than 
for the other classes of the fund.                                              

January 1, 2002                                                                 

P-->4976th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 6th
 SCUDDER
                                                                     INVESTMENTS

         Core Global/International Funds
    Advisor Classes A, B and C

Prospectus                                                                      

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
January 1, 2002 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Scudder Global Fund   

    Scudder International Fund

  As with all mutual funds, the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC)
does not approve or disapprove these shares or determine whether the
    information in this prospectus is truthful or complete. It is a criminal
offense for anyone to inform you otherwise.                         

P-->4977th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 7th
Contents                                                                        
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

How the Funds Work                    How to Invest in the Funds          

4  Scudder Global Fund               23  Choosing a Share Class       

9  Scudder International Fund        28  How to Buy Shares            

13  Other Policies and Risks          29  How to Exchange or Sell       
                  Shares
14  Who Manages and Oversees                                            
the Funds                         30  Policies You Should Know  
                 About
16  Financial Highlights                                                
                                   37  Understanding Distributions
                     and Taxes

P-->4978th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 8th
How the Funds Work                                                          

  These funds invest significantly in foreign securities. On the next few pages,
  you'll find information about each fund's investment goal, the main strategies
each uses to pursue that goal, and the main risks that could affect         
performance.                                                                

 Whether you are considering investing in a fund or are already a shareholder,
 you'll probably want to look this information over carefully. You may want to
keep it on hand for reference as well.                                      

Remember that mutual funds are investments, not bank deposits. They're not  
 insured or guaranteed by the FDIC or any other government agency. Their share
prices will go up and down and you could lose money by investing in them.   

P-->4979th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 9th
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                |  Class A   Class B     Class C
                               ticker symbol  |  SGQAX     SGQBX       SGQCX
                               fund number  |  407       607         707

Scudder Global Fund                                                         
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The Fund's Main Investment Strategy                                             

The fund seeks long-term growth of capital while actively seeking to reduce     
downside risk as compared with other global growth funds. The fund invests at   
least 65% of its total assets in U.S. and foreign equities (equities issued by  
U.S. and foreign-based companies). Most of the fund's equities are common       
stocks. Although the fund can invest in companies of any size and from any      
country, it generally focuses on established companies in countries with        
developed economies. The fund does not invest in securities issued by           
tobacco-producing companies.                                                    

In choosing stocks, the portfolio managers use a combination of three analytical
disciplines:                                                                    

Bottom-up research. The managers look for companies that are industry leaders,  
have strong finances and management, and appear able to make the most of local, 
regional and global opportunities.                                              

Growth orientation. The managers primarily invest in companies that offer the   
potential for sustainable above-average earnings growth and whose market value  
appears reasonable in light of their business prospects.                        

Analysis of global themes. The managers consider global economic outlooks,      
seeking to identify industries and companies that are likely to benefit from    
social, political and economic changes.                                         

The managers intend to keep the fund's holdings diversified across industries   
and geographical areas, although, depending on their outlook, they may increase 
or reduce the fund's exposure to a given industry or area.                      

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
OTHER INVESTMENTS Although the fund is permitted to use various types of        
derivatives (contracts whose value is based on, for example, indices,           
commodities, currencies, or securities), the managers don't intend to use them  
as principal investments and may not use them at all.                           

4 

P-->49710th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 10th
The managers use analytical tools to actively monitor the risk profile of the   
portfolio as compared to comparable funds and appropriate benchmarks and peer   
groups.                                                                         

The managers use several strategies in seeking to reduce downside risk,         
including: (i) diversifying broadly among companies, industries, countries and  
regions; (ii) focusing on high quality companies with reasonable valuations; and
(iii) generally focusing on countries with developed economies.                 

The fund will normally sell a stock when the managers believe its price is      
unlikely to go much higher, its fundamentals have deteriorated, other           
investments offer better opportunities or in the course of adjusting the fund's 
emphasis on a given country.                                                    

The Main Risks of Investing in the Fund                                         

There are several risk factors that could hurt the fund's performance, cause you
to lose money or make the fund perform less well than other investments.        

As with most stock funds, the most important factor with this fund is how stock 
markets perform, both in the U.S. and abroad. When stock prices fall, you should
expect the value of your investment to fall as well. Foreign stocks tend to be  
more volatile than their U.S. counterparts, for reasons ranging from political  
and economic uncertainties to a higher risk that essential information may be   
incomplete or wrong. These risks tend to be greater in emerging markets, so to  
the extent that the fund invests in emerging markets (such as Latin America and 
most Pacific Basin countries), it takes on greater risks. Because a stock       
represents ownership in its issuer, stock prices can be hurt by poor management,
shrinking product demand, and other business risks. These may affect single     
companies as well as groups of companies.                                       

A second major factor is currency exchange rates. When the dollar value of a    
foreign currency falls, so does the value of any investments the fund owns that 
are denominated in that currency. This is separate from market risk, and may add
to market losses or reduce market gains.                                        

THE FOLLOWING SIDEBAR TEXT APPEARS NEXT TO THE PRECEDING PARAGRAPHS.            

This fund is designed for long-term investors interested in a broadly           
diversified approach to global investing.                                       

5 

P-->49711th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 11th
Other factors that could affect performance include:                            

o        the managers could be wrong in their analysis of companies, sectors,   
    economic trends, the relative attractiveness of different sizes of
stocks or other matters                                       

o        derivatives could produce disproportionate losses                      

o        the fund's risk management strategies could make long-term performance 
 somewhat lower than it would have been without these strategies

o        at times, market conditions might make it hard to value some           
investments or to get an attractive price for them            

6 

P-->49712th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 12th
The Fund's Performance History                                                  

While a fund's past performance isn't necessarily a sign of how it will do in   
the future, it can be valuable for an investor to know. The bar chart shows how 
fund performance has varied from year to year, which may give some idea of risk.
The table shows how fund performance compares with a broad-based market index   
(which, unlike the fund, does not have any fees or expenses). The performance of
both the fund and the index varies over time. All figures on this page assume   
reinvestment of dividends and distributions.                                    

The inception date of Class A, B and C shares was June 18, 2001. In the bar     
chart, the performance figures for Class A are based on the historical          
performance of the fund's original share class (Class S), adjusted to reflect   
the higher gross total annual operating expenses of Class A. The bar chart does 
not reflect sales loads; if it did, returns would be lower. In the table, the   
performance figures for each share class are based on the historical performance
of Class S, adjusted to reflect both the higher gross total annual operating    
expenses of Class A, B or C and the current applicable sales charges of Class A 
and B. Class S shares are offered in a different prospectus.                    

Scudder Global Fund                                                             

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Annual Total Returns (%) as of 12/31 each year                       Class A    
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

THE ORIGINAL DOCUMENT CONTAINS A BAR CHART HERE                                 
BAR CHART DATA:                                                                 

1991       16.75                                                                
1992        4.26                                                                
1993       30.74                                                                
1994       -4.46                                                                
1995       20.19                                                                
1996       13.33                                                                
1997       16.92                                                                
1998       12.28                                                                
1999       23.13                                                                
2000       -3.28                                                                

2001 Total Return as of September 30: -20.88%                                   

For the periods included in the bar chart:                                      
Best Quarter: 15.12%, Q4 1999          Worst Quarter: -12.31%, Q3 1998          

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Average Annual Total Returns (%) as of 12/31/2000                               
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                              1 Year           5 Years          10 Years
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Class A                           -8.84             10.80             11.80     
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Class B                           -6.58             11.10             11.57     
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Class C                           -4.02             11.26             11.60     
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index                            -13.18             12.12             11.93     
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Index: Morgan Stanley Capital International (MSCI) World Index, an unmanaged    
capitalization-weighted measure of global stock markets including the U.S.,     
Canada, Europe, Australia and the Far East.                                     

For more recent performance information, call your financial representative or  
(800) 621-1048 or visit our Web site at www.scudder.com.                        

7 

P-->49713th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 13th
How Much Investors Pay                                                          

This table describes the fees and expenses that you may pay if you buy and hold 
fund shares.                                                                    

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Fee Table                                   Class A      Class B       Class C  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Shareholder Fees, paid directly from your investment                            
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Maximum Sales Charge (Load) Imposed on       5.75%         None          None   
Purchases (% of offering price)                                                 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Maximum Contingent Deferred Sales Charge                                        
(Load) (% of redemption proceeds)            None*        4.00%         1.00%   
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Annual Operating Expenses, deducted from fund assets                            
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Management Fee                               0.96%        0.96%         0.96%   
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Distribution/Service (12b-1) Fee              0.25         1.00          1.00   
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Other Expenses**                              0.40         0.45          0.43   
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total Annual Operating Expenses               1.61         2.41          2.39   
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

*  The redemption of shares purchased at net asset value under the Large Order  
   NAV Purchase Privilege (see "Policies You Should Know About -- Policies about
transactions") may be subject to a contingent deferred sales charge of 1.00%
if redeemed within one year of purchase and 0.50% if redeemed during the  
second year following purchase.                                           

** Includes fixed rate administrative fee of 0.40%, 0.45% and 0.425% for Class  
A, Class B and Class C shares, respectively.                              

Based on the costs above, this example helps you compare this fund's expenses to
those of other mutual funds. This example assumes the expenses above remain the 
same. It also assumes that you invested $10,000, earned 5% annual returns, and  
reinvested all dividends and distributions. This is only an example; actual     
expenses will be different.                                                     

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Example                    1 Year        3 Years        5 Years       10 Years  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Expenses, assuming you sold your shares at the end of each period               
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Class A shares              $729         $1,054         $1,401        $2,376    
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Class B shares               644          1,051          1,485         2,366    
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Class C shares               342            745          1,275         2,726    
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Expenses, assuming you kept your shares                                         
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Class A shares              $729         $1,054         $1,401        $2,376    
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Class B shares               244            751          1,285         2,366    
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Class C shares               242            745          1,275         2,726    
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

8 

P-->49714th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 14th
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                |  Class A   Class B     Class C
                               ticker symbol  |  SUIAX     SUIBX       SUICX
                               fund number  |  468       668         768

Scudder International Fund                                                  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The Fund's Main Investment Strategy                                             

The fund seeks long-term growth of capital by investing at least 65% of its     
total assets in foreign equities (equities issued by foreign-based companies and
listed on foreign exchanges). Although the fund can invest in companies of any  
size and from any country, it invests mainly in common stocks of established    
companies in countries with developed economies (other than the United States). 

In choosing common stocks, the portfolio managers use a combination of three    
analytical disciplines:                                                         

Bottom-up research. The managers look for individual companies that have        
financial strength, good business prospects, competitive positioning and        
earnings growth that is above-average for their market segment, among other     
factors.                                                                        

Top-down analysis. The managers consider the economic outlooks for various      
countries and geographical regions, favoring countries that they believe have   
sound economic conditions and open markets.                                     

Analysis of global themes. The managers look for significant changes in the     
business environment, seeking to identify industries that may benefit from these
changes.                                                                        

The managers intend to divide the fund's holdings across industries and         
geographical areas, although, depending on their outlook, they may increase or  
reduce the fund's exposure to a given industry or area.                         

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
OTHER INVESTMENTS The fund may invest up to 20% of net assets in foreign debt   
securities, including convertible bonds. Although the fund is permitted to use  
various types of derivatives (contracts whose value is based on, for example,   
indices, commodities, currencies, or securities), the managers don't intend to  
use them as principal investments and may not use them at all.                  

9 

P-->49715th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 15th
The fund will normally sell a stock when the managers believe its price is      
unlikely to go much higher, its fundamentals have deteriorated, other           
investments offer better opportunities or in the course of adjusting the fund's 
emphasis on a given country.                                                    

The Main Risks of Investing in the Fund                                         

There are several risk factors that could hurt the fund's performance, cause you
to lose money or make the fund perform less well than other investments.        

As with most stock funds, the most important factor with this fund is how stock 
markets perform -- in this case, foreign markets. When foreign stock prices     
fall, you should expect the value of your investment to fall as well. Foreign   
stocks also tend to be more volatile than their U.S. counterparts, for reasons  
ranging from political and economic uncertainties to a higher risk that         
essential information may be incomplete or wrong. While developed foreign       
markets may be less risky than emerging markets, increasing globalization can   
make any market vulnerable to events elsewhere in the world.                    

A second major factor is currency exchange rates. When the dollar value of a    
foreign currency falls, so does the value of any investments the fund owns that 
are denominated in that currency. This is separate from market risk, and may add
to market losses or reduce market gains.                                        

Because a stock represents ownership in its issuer, stock prices can be hurt by 
poor management, shrinking product demand, and other business risks. These may  
affect single companies as well as groups of companies                          

Other factors that could affect performance include:                            

o        the managers could be wrong in their analysis of industries, companies,
economic trends, geographical trends or other matters         

o        derivatives could produce disproportionate losses                      

o        at times, market conditions might make it hard to value some           
investments or to get an attractive price for them            

THE FOLLOWING SIDEBAR TEXT APPEARS NEXT TO THE PRECEDING PARAGRAPHS.            

This fund is designed for investors interested in a broadly diversified         
international investment with emphasis squarely on long-term growth of capital. 

10

P-->49716th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 16th
The Fund's Performance History                                                  

While a fund's past performance isn't necessarily a sign of how it will do in   
the future, it can be valuable for an investor to know. The bar chart shows how 
fund performance has varied from year to year, which may give some idea of risk.
The table shows how fund performance compares with a broad-based market index   
(which, unlike the fund, does not have any fees or expenses). The performance of
both the fund and the index varies over time. All figures on this page assume   
reinvestment of dividends and distributions.                                    

The inception date for Class A (formerly Class R) was August 2, 1999. In the bar
chart, the performance figures for Class A shares for the period prior to its   
inception are based on the historical performance of the fund's original share  
class (Class S), adjusted to reflect the higher gross total annual operating    
expenses of Class A. The bar chart does not reflect sales loads; if it did,     
returns would be lower.                                                         

In the table, the performance figures for each share class for the periods prior
to their inception (August 2, 1999 for Class A and December 29, 2000 for Classes
B and C) are based on the historical performance of Class S, adjusted to reflect
both the higher gross total annual operating expenses of Class A, B or C and the
current applicable sales charges of Class A and B. In addition, in the table,   
the performance figures for Class A from August 2, 1999 through December 31,
1999 have been adjusted to reflect the current applicable sales charge of Class 
A. Class S shares are offered in a different prospectus.                        

Scudder International Fund                                                      

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Annual Total Returns (%) as of 12/31 each year                         Class A  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
THE ORIGINAL DOCUMENT CONTAINS A BAR CHART HERE                                 
BAR CHART DATA:                                                                 

1991       11.47                                                                
1992       -2.90                                                                
1993       36.13                                                                
1994       -3.26                                                                
1995       11.91                                                                
1996       14.24                                                                
1997        7.68                                                                
1998       18.30                                                                
1999       57.33                                                                
2000      -19.40                                                                

2001 Total Return as of September 30: -29.82%                                   

For the periods included in the bar chart:                                      
Best Quarter: 30.20%, Q4 1999               Worst Quarter: -14.47%, Q3 1998     

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Average Annual Total Returns (%) as of 12/31/2000                               
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                         1 Year            5 Years            10 Years
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Class A                       -24.04             11.69               10.74      
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Class B                       -22.20             12.01               10.51      
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Class C                       -20.07             12.17               10.54      
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index                         -13.37              7.54                8.38      
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Index: Morgan Stanley Capital International (MSCI) Europe, Australia, Far East  
(EAFE) & Canada Index, an unmanaged capitalization-weighted measure of stock    
markets in Europe, Australia, the Far East and Canada.                          

For more recent performance information, call your financial representative or  
(800) 621-1048 or visit our Web site at www.scudder.com.                        

11

P-->49717th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 17th
How Much Investors Pay                                                          

This table describes the fees and expenses that you may pay if you buy and hold 
fund shares.                                                                    

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Fee Table                                 Class A        Class B       Class C  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Shareholder Fees, paid directly from your investment                            
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Maximum Sales Charge (Load) Imposed on       5.75%         None          None   
Purchases (% of offering price)                                                 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Maximum Contingent Deferred Sales Charge                                        
(Load) (% of redemption proceeds)            None*        4.00%         1.00%   
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Annual Operating Expenses, deducted from fund assets                            
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Management Fee                               0.68%        0.68%         0.68%   
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Distribution/Service (12b-1) Fee              0.25         1.00          1.00   
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Other Expenses**                              0.40         0.45          0.43   
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total Annual Operating Expenses               1.33         2.13          2.11   
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

*  The redemption of shares purchased at net asset value under the Large Order  
   NAV Purchase Privilege (see "Policies You Should Know About -- Policies about
transactions") may be subject to a contingent deferred sales charge of 1.00%
if redeemed within one year of purchase and 0.50% if redeemed during the  
second year following purchase.                                           

** Includes a fixed rate administrative fee of 0.400%, 0.450% and 0.425% for    
Class A, Class B and Class C shares, respectively.                        

Based on the costs above, this example helps you compare this fund's expenses to
those of other mutual funds. This example assumes the expenses above remain the 
same. It also assumes that you invested $10,000, earned 5% annual returns, and  
reinvested all dividends and distributions. This is only an example; actual     
expenses will be different.                                                     

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Example                    1 Year        3 Years        5 Years       10 Years  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Expenses, assuming you sold your shares at the end of each period               
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Class A shares              $703           $972         $1,262        $2,084    
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Class B shares               616            967          1,344         2,071    
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Class C shares               314            661          1,134         2,441    
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Expenses, assuming you kept your shares                                         
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Class A shares              $703           $972         $1,262        $2,084    
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Class B shares               216            667          1,144         2,071    
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Class C shares               214            661          1,134         2,441    
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

12

P-->49718th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 18th
Other Policies and Risks                                                        

While the previous pages describe the main points of each fund's strategy and   
risks, there are a few other issues to know about:                              

o        Although major changes tend to be infrequent, a fund's Board could     
change that fund's investment goal without seeking shareholder
approval.                                                     

o        As a temporary defensive measure, Scudder Global Fund could shift up to
         100% of its assets into investments such as money market securities. As
       a temporary defensive measure, Scudder International Fund could shift
    up to 100% of its assets into investments such as U.S. or Canadian
         money market securities. These measures could prevent losses, but would
mean that a fund was not pursuing its goal.                   

o        Scudder International Fund may trade securities actively. This could   
      raise transaction costs (thus lowering return) and could mean higher
taxable distributions.                                        

Euro conversion                                                                 

Funds that invest in foreign securities could be affected by accounting         
differences, changes in tax treatment or other issues related to the conversion 
of certain European currencies into the euro, which is well underway. The       
investment advisor is working to address euro-related issues as they occur and  
has been notified that other key service providers are taking similar steps.    
Still, there's some risk that this problem could materially affect a fund's     
operation (including its ability to calculate net asset value and to handle     
purchases and redemptions), its investments or securities markets in general.   

For more information                                                            

This prospectus doesn't tell you about every policy or risk of investing in the 
funds.                                                                          

If you want more information on the fund's allowable securities and investment  
practices and the characteristics and risks of each one, you may want to request
a copy of the Statement of Additional Information (the back cover tells you how 
to do this).                                                                    

Keep in mind that there is no assurance that any mutual fund will achieve its   
goal.                                                                           

13

P-->49719th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 19th
Who Manages and Oversees the Funds                                              

The investment advisor                                                          

The funds' investment advisor is Zurich Scudder Investments, Inc., 345 Park     
Avenue, New York, NY. The advisor has more than 80 years of experience managing 
mutual funds, and currently has more than $325 billion in assets under          
management.                                                                     

The advisor's asset management teams include investment professionals,          
economists, research analysts, traders and other investment specialists, located
in offices across the United States and around the world.                       

The advisor receives a management fee from each fund. Below are the actual rates
paid by each fund for the 12 months through the most recent fiscal year, as a   
percentage of each fund's average daily net assets.                             

Fund Name                                                Fee Paid               
---------------------------------------------------------------------           
Scudder Global Fund                                       0.96%                 
---------------------------------------------------------------------           
Scudder International Fund                                0.68%                 
---------------------------------------------------------------------           

Scudder Global Fund has entered into a new investment management agreement with 
the advisor. The table below describes the new fee rates for the fund.          

Average Daily Net Assets                                 Fee Rate               
---------------------------------------------------------------------           
Scudder Global Fund                                                             
---------------------------------------------------------------------           
New Investment Management Fee as of September 11, 2000                          
---------------------------------------------------------------------           
first $500 million                                        1.000%                
---------------------------------------------------------------------           
next $500 million                                         0.950%                
---------------------------------------------------------------------           
next $500 million                                         0.900%                
---------------------------------------------------------------------           
next $500 million                                         0.850%                
---------------------------------------------------------------------           
over $2 billion                                           0.800%                
---------------------------------------------------------------------           

14

P-->49720th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 20th
The portfolio managers                                                          

The following people handle the day-to-day management of each fund.             

Scudder Global Fund                       Scudder International Fund            

William E. Holzer                         Irene T. Cheng                    
Lead Portfolio Manager                    Lead Portfolio Manager            
 o Began investment career in 1977         o Began investment career in 1985
o Joined the advisor in 1980              o Joined the advisor in 1993    
o Joined the fund team in 1986            o Joined the fund team in 1998  

Nicholas Bratt                            Nicholas Bratt                    
 o Began investment career in 1974         o Began investment career in 1974
o Joined the advisor in 1976              o Joined the advisor in 1976    
o Joined the fund team in 1993            o Joined the fund team in 1976  

Peter Crays                               Marc J. Slendebroek               
 o Began investment career in 1993         o Began investment career in 1989
o Joined the advisor in 1999              o Joined the advisor in 1994    
o Joined the fund team in 2000            o Joined the fund team in 1999  

                         Carol L. Franklin
                                           o Began investment career in 1975
                                      o Joined the advisor in 1981
                                        o Joined the fund team in 1986

15

P-->49721st Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 21st
Financial Highlights                                                            

These tables are designed to help you understand each fund's financial          
performance. The figures in the first part of each table are for a single share.
The total return figures represent the percentage that an investor in a         
particular fund would have earned (or lost), assuming all dividends and         
distributions were reinvested. This information has been audited by             
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, whose report, along with each fund's financial      
statements, is included in that fund's annual report (see "Shareholder reports" 
on the back cover).                                                             

Scudder Global Fund -- Class A                                                  

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                          2001^a
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Selected Per Share Data                                                         
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net asset value, beginning of period                                    $24.58  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Income (loss) from investment operations:                                       
Net investment income (loss)^b                                           .04
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net realized and unrealized gain (loss) on investment transactions    (1.48)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total from investment operations                                      (1.44)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net asset value, end of period                                          $23.14  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total Return (%)^c                                                      (5.86)**
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Ratios to Average Net Assets and Supplemental Data                              
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net assets, end of period ($ millions)                                      18  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Ratio of expenses (%)                                                    1.62*  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Ratio of net investment income (loss) (%)                                 .78*  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Portfolio turnover rate (%)                                                 40  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

^a For the period from June 18, 2001 (commencement of sales of Class A shares)  
to August 31, 2001.                                                       

^b Based on average shares outstanding during the period.                       

^c Total return does not reflect the effect of any sales charges.               

*  Annualized                                                                   

** Not annualized                                                               

16

P-->49722nd Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 22nd
Scudder Global Fund -- Class B                                                  

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                          2001^a
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Selected Per Share Data                                                         
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net asset value, beginning of period                                    $24.58  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Income (loss) from investment operations:                                       
Net investment income (loss)^b                                          --^d
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net realized and unrealized gain (loss) on investment transactions    (1.48)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total from investment operations                                      (1.48)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net asset value, end of period                                          $23.10  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total Return (%)^c                                                      (6.02)**
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Ratios to Average Net Assets and Supplemental Data                              
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net assets, end of period ($ millions)                                      13  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Ratio of expenses (%)                                                    2.41*  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Ratio of net investment income (loss) (%)                               (.01)*  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Portfolio turnover rate (%)                                                 40  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

^a For the period from June 18, 2001 (commencement of sales of Class B shares)  
to August 31, 2001.                                                       

^b Based on average shares outstanding during the period.                       

^c Total return does not reflect the effect of any sales charges.               

^d Less than $.005 per share.                                                   

*  Annualized                                                                   

** Not annualized                                                               

17

P-->49723rd Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 23rd
Scudder Global Fund -- Class C                                                  

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                          2001^a
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Selected Per Share Data                                                         
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net asset value, beginning of period                                    $24.58  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Income (loss) from investment operations:                                       
Net investment income (loss)^b                                          --^d
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net realized and unrealized gain (loss) on investment transactions    (1.48)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total from investment operations                                      (1.48)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net asset value, end of period                                          $23.10  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total Return (%)^c                                                      (6.02)**
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Ratios to Average Net Assets and Supplemental Data                              
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net assets, end of period ($ millions)                                       5  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Ratio of expenses (%)                                                    2.39*  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Ratio of net investment income (loss) (%)                                 .01*  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Portfolio turnover rate (%)                                                 40  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

^a For the period from June 18, 2001 (commencement of sales of Class C shares)  
to August 31, 2001.                                                       

^b Based on average shares outstanding during the period.                       

^c Total return does not reflect the effect of any sales charges.               

^d Less than $.005 per share.                                                   

*  Annualized                                                                   

** Not annualized                                                               

18

P-->49724th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 24th
Scudder International Fund-- Class A^(a)                                        

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                      2001^b    2000^b    1999^c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Selected Per Share Data                                                         
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net asset value, beginning of period                 $57.54    $54.78   $53.33  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Income (loss) from investment operations:                                       
Net investment income (loss)^d                        .06       .06    (.02)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net realized and unrealized gain (loss) on         (14.89)     9.20     1.47
investment transactions                                                     
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total from investment operations                   (14.83)     9.26     1.45
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Less distributions from:                                                        
Net realized gains on investment transactions      (2.68)    (6.50)       --
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net asset value, end of period                       $40.03    $57.54   $54.78  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total Return (%)^e                                   (26.63)    16.58   2.72**  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Ratios to Average Net Assets and Supplemental Data                              
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net assets, end of period ($ millions)                  312       .41      2.8  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Ratio of expenses (%)                                  1.33    1.47^f    1.63*  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Ratio of net investment income (loss) (%)               .17       .09   (.09)** 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Portfolio turnover rate (%)                              85        83      82*  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

^a On December 29, 2000, Class R Shares were redesignated as Class A.           

^b For the year ended August 31.                                                

^c For the period from August 2, 1999 (commencement of sales of Class R Shares) 
to August 31, 1999.                                                       

^d Based on average shares outstanding during the period.                       

^e Total return does not reflect the effect of any sales charges.               

^f The ratio of operating expenses excluding costs incurred in connection with  
the reorganization in fiscal 2000 was 1.47%.                              

*  Annualized                                                                   

** Not annualized                                                               

19

P-->49725th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 25th
Scudder International Fund -- Class B                                           

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                          2001^a
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Selected Per Share Data                                                         
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net asset value, beginning of period                                    $50.14  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Income (loss) from investment operations:                                       
Net investment income (loss)^b                                         (.11)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Net realized and unrealized gain (loss) on investment transactions    (10.20)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Total from investment operations                                      (10.31)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net asset value, end of period                                          $39.83  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total Return (%)^c                                                     (20.56)**
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Ratios to Average Net Assets and Supplemental Data                              
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net assets, end of period ($ millions)                                      92  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Ratio of expenses (%)                                                    2.13*  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Ratio of net investment income (loss) (%)                               (.35)*  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Portfolio turnover rate (%)                                                 85  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

^a For the period from December 29, 2000 (commencement of sales of Class B      
shares) to August 31, 2001.                                               

^b Based on average shares outstanding during the period.                       

^c Total return does not reflect the effect of sales charge.                    

*  Annualized                                                                   

** Not annualized                                                               

20

P-->49726th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 26th
Scudder International Fund -- Class C                                           

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                          2001^a
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Selected Per Share Data                                                         
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net asset value, beginning of period                                    $50.14  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Income (loss) from investment operations:                                       
Net investment income (loss)^b                                         (.12)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Net realized and unrealized gain (loss) on investment transactions    (10.20)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Total from investment operations                                      (10.32)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net asset value, end of period                                          $39.82  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total Return (%)^c                                                     (20.58)**
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Ratios to Average Net Assets and Supplemental Data                              
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net assets, end of period ($ millions)                                      32  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Ratio of expenses (%)                                                    2.11*  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Ratio of net investment income (loss) (%)                               (.33)*  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Portfolio turnover rate (%)                                                 85  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

^a For the period from December 29, 2000 (commencement of sales of Class C      
shares) to August 31, 2001.                                               

^b Based on average shares outstanding during the period.                       

^c Total return does not reflect the effect of sales charge.                    

*  Annualized                                                                   

** Not annualized                                                               

21

P-->49727th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 27th
How to Invest in the Funds                                                  

The following pages tell you how to invest in these funds and what to expect
as a shareholder. If you're investing directly with Scudder, all of this    
information applies to you.                                                 

 The following pages tell you about many of the services, choices and benefits
of being a shareholder. You'll also find information on how to check the    
status of your account using the method that's most convenient for you.     

You can find out more about the topics covered here by speaking with your   
  financial representative or a representative of your workplace retirement plan
or other investment provider.                                               

P-->49728th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 28th
Choosing a Share Class                                                          

In this prospectus are three share classes for each fund. Each class has its own
fees and expenses, offering you a choice of cost structures. The funds offer    
other classes of shares separately. Class A, Class B and Class C shares are     
intended for investors seeking the advice and assistance of a financial         
representative, who may receive compensation for those services through sales   
commissions, service fees and/or distribution fees.                             

Before you invest, take a moment to look over the characteristics of each share 
class, so that you can be sure to choose the class that's right for you. You may
want to ask your financial representative to help you with this decision.       

We describe each share class in detail on the following pages. But first, you   
may want to look at the table below, which gives you a brief comparison of the  
main features of each class.                                                    

                                                                [Download Table]

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Classes and features                      Points to help you compare              
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Class A                                                                           

                                                                                  
o Sales charges of up to 5.75%, charged   o Some investors may be able to reduce  
  when you buy shares                       or eliminate their sales charges;     
                                            see next page                         
o In most cases, no charges when you                                              
  sell shares                             o Total annual operating expenses are   
                                            lower than those for Class B or       
o 0.25% annual service fee                  Class C                               
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Class B                                                                           

o No charges when you buy shares          o  The deferred sales charge rate falls 
                                             to zero after six years              
o Deferred sales charge declining from                                            
  4.00%, charged when you sell shares     o Shares automatically convert to       
  you bought within the last six years      Class A after six years, which means  
                                            lower annual expenses going forward   
o 1.00% annual distribution/service fee                                           
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Class C                                                                           

o No charges when you buy shares          o  The deferred sales charge rate is    
                                             lower, but your shares never convert 
o Deferred sales charge of 1.00%,            to Class A, so annual expenses       
  charged when you sell shares you           remain higher                        
  bought within the last year                                                     

o 1.00% annual distribution/service fee                                           
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

23

P-->49729th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 29th
Class A shares                                                                  

Class A shares have a 12b-1 plan, under which a service fee of 0.25% is deducted
from class assets each year.                                                    

Class A shares have a sales charge that varies with the amount you invest:      

                                    Sales charge
            Sales charge as a %     as a % of your net
Your investment           of offering price          investment                 
---------------------------------------------------------------------           
Up to $50,000                   5.75                    6.10                    
---------------------------------------------------------------------           
$50,000-$99,999                 4.50                    4.71                    
---------------------------------------------------------------------           
$100,000-$249,999               3.50                    3.63                    
---------------------------------------------------------------------           
$250,000-$499,999               2.60                    2.67                    
---------------------------------------------------------------------           
$500,000-$999,999               2.00                    2.04                    
---------------------------------------------------------------------           
$1 million or more    See below and next page                                   
---------------------------------------------------------------------           

The offering price includes the sales charge.                                   

You may be able to lower your Class A sales charges if:                         

o        you plan to invest at least $50,000 over the next 24 months ("letter of
intent")                                                      

o        the amount of shares you already own (including shares in certain other
 funds) plus the amount you're investing now is at least $50,000
("cumulative discount")                                       

o        you are investing a total of $50,000 or more in several funds at once  
("combined purchases")                                        

THE FOLLOWING SIDEBAR TEXT APPEARS NEXT TO THE PRECEDING PARAGRAPHS.            

Class A shares may make sense for long-term investors, especially those who are 
eligible for reduced or eliminated sales charges.                               

24

P-->49730th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 30th
The point of these three features is to let you count investments made at other 
times for purposes of calculating your present sales charge. Any time you can   
use the privileges to "move" your investment into a lower sales charge category 
in the table above, it's generally beneficial for you to do so. You can take    
advantage of these methods by filling in the appropriate sections of your       
application or by speaking with your financial representative.                  

You may be able to buy Class A sales charges without sales charges when you are:

o        reinvesting dividends or distributions                                 

o        investing through certain workplace retirement plans                   

o        participating in an investment advisory program under which you pay a  
     fee to an investment advisor or other firm for portfolio management
services                                                      

There are a number of additional provisions that apply in order to be eligible  
for a sales charge waiver. Each fund may waive the sales charges for investors  
in other situations as well. Your financial representative or Shareholder       
Services can answer your questions and help you determine if you are eligible.  

If you're investing $1 million or more, either as a lump sum or through one of  
the sales charge reduction features described on the previous page, you may be  
eligible to buy Class A shares without sales charges. However, you may be       
charged a contingent deferred sales charge (CDSC) of 1.00% on any shares you    
sell within the first year of owning them, and a similar charge of 0.50% on     
shares you sell within the second year of owning them. ("Large Order NAV        
Purchase Privilege"). This CDSC is waived under certain circumstances (see      
"Policies You Should Know About"). Your financial representative or Shareholder 
Services can answer your questions and help you determine if you're eligible.   

25

P-->49731st Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 31st
Class B shares                                                                  

With Class B shares, you pay no up-front sales charges to a fund. Class B shares
do have a 12b-1 plan, under which a distribution fee of 0.75% and a service fee 
of 0.25% are deducted from class assets each year. This means the annual        
expenses for Class B shares are somewhat higher (and their performance          
correspondingly lower) compared to Class A shares. After six years, Class B     
shares automatically convert to Class A, which has the net effect of lowering   
the annual expenses from the seventh year on. However, unlike Class A shares,   
your entire investment goes to work immediately.                                

Class B shares have a CDSC. This charge declines over the years you own shares  
and disappears completely after six years of ownership. But for any shares you  
sell within those six years, you may be charged as follows:                     

Year after you bought shares           CDSC on shares you sell                  
---------------------------------------------------------------------           
First year                                     4.00%                            
---------------------------------------------------------------------           
Second or third year                            3.00                            
---------------------------------------------------------------------           
Fourth or fifth year                            2.00                            
---------------------------------------------------------------------           
Sixth year                                      1.00                            
---------------------------------------------------------------------           
Seventh year and later              None (automatic conversion to               
                    Class A)
---------------------------------------------------------------------           

This CDSC is waived under certain circumstances (see "Policies You Should Know
About"). Your financial representative or Shareholder Services can answer your  
questions and help you determine if you're eligible.                            

While Class B shares don't have any front-end sales charges, their higher annual
expenses mean that over the years you could end up paying more than the         
equivalent of the maximum allowable front-end sales charge.                     

THE FOLLOWING SIDEBAR TEXT APPEARS NEXT TO THE PRECEDING PARAGRAPHS.            

Class B shares may make sense for long-term investors who prefer to see all of  
their investment go to work right away, and can accept somewhat higher annual   
expenses.                                                                       

26

P-->49732nd Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 32nd
Class C shares                                                                  

Like Class B shares, Class C shares have no up-front sales charges and have a   
12b-1 plan under which a distribution fee of 0.75% and a service fee of 0.25%   
are deducted from class assets each year. Because of these fees, the annual     
expenses for Class C shares are similar to those of Class B shares, but higher  
than those for Class A shares (and the performance of Class C shares is         
correspondingly lower than that of Class A). However, unlike Class A shares,    
your entire investment goes to work immediately.                                

Unlike Class B shares, Class C shares do NOT automatically convert to Class A   
after six years, so they continue to have higher annual expenses.               

Class C shares have a CDSC, but only on shares you sell within one year of      
buying them:                                                                    

Year after you bought shares            CDSC on shares you sell                 
---------------------------------------------------------------------           
First year                                       1.00%                          
---------------------------------------------------------------------           
Second year and later                            None                           
---------------------------------------------------------------------           

This CDSC is waived under certain circumstances (see "Policies You Should Know
About"). Your financial representative or Shareholder Services can answer your  
questions and help you determine if you're eligible.                            

While Class C shares don't have any front-end sales charges, their higher annual
expenses mean that over the years you could end up paying more than the         
equivalent of the maximum allowable front-end sales charge.                     

THE FOLLOWING SIDEBAR TEXT APPEARS NEXT TO THE PRECEDING PARAGRAPHS.            

Class C shares may appeal to investors who plan to sell some or all shares      
within six years of buying them or who aren't certain of their investment time  
horizon.                                                                        

27

P-->49733rd Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 33rd
How to Buy Shares                                                               

Once you've chosen a share class, use these instructions to make investments.   

                                                                [Download Table]

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
First investment                          Additional investments                  
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                                                                  
$1,000 or more for regular accounts       $50 or more for regular accounts and    
                                          IRA accounts                            
$500 or more for IRAs                                                             
                                          $50 or more with an Automatic           
                                          Investment Plan                         

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Through a financial representative                                                

o Contact your representative using the   o  Contact your representative using    
  method that's most convenient for you      the method that's most convenient    
                                             for you                              
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

By mail or express mail (see below)                                               

o Fill out and sign an application        o  Send a check made out to "Scudder    
                                             Funds" and a Scudder investment slip 
o Send it to us at the appropriate           to us at the appropriate address     
  address, along with an investment check    below                                

                                          o  If you don't have an investment      
                                             slip, simply include a letter with   
                                             your name, account number, the full  
                                             name of the fund and the share class 
                                             and your investment instructions     
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

By wire                                                                           

o Call (800) 621-1048 for instructions    o  Call (800) 621-1048 for instructions 
                                             (minimum $50)                        
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

By phone                                  o  Call (800) 621-1048 for instructions 

--                                                                                
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

With an automatic investment plan                                                 

--                                        o  To set up regular investments from a 
                                             bank checking account, call          
                                             (800) 621-1048 (minimum $50)         
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

On the Internet                                                                   

--                                        o  Go to www.scudder.com and register   

                                          o  Follow the instructions for buying   
                                             shares with money from your bank     
                                             account                              
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Regular mail:                                                               

First Investment: Scudder Investments, PO Box 219356, Kansas City, MO
64121-9356                                                                  
Additional Investments: Scudder Investments, PO Box 219154, Kansas City, MO
64121-9154                                                                  

Express, registered or certified mail:                                      
Scudder Investments, 811 Main Street, Kansas City, MO 64105-2005            

Fax number: (800) 821-6234 (for exchanging and selling only)                

28

P-->49734th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 34th
How to Exchange or Sell Shares                                                  

Use these instructions to exchange or sell shares in your account.              

                                                                [Download Table]

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Exchanging into another fund              Selling shares                          
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                                                                  
$1,000 or more to open a new account      Some transactions, including most for   
($500 for IRAs)                           over $100,000, can only be ordered in   
                                          writing with a signature guarantee; if  
$50 or more for exchanges between         you're in doubt, see page 32            
existing accounts                                                                 
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Through a financial representative                                                

o Contact your representative by the      o  Contact your representative by the   
  method that's most convenient for you      method that's most convenient for you
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

By phone or wire                                                                  

o Call (800) 621-1048 for instructions    o  Call (800) 621-1048 for instructions 
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

By mail, express mail or fax                                                      
(see previous page)                                                               

Write a letter that includes:             Write a letter that includes:           

o the fund, class and account number      o  the fund, class and account number   
  you're exchanging out of                   from which you want to sell shares   

o the dollar amount or number of shares   o  the dollar amount or number of       
  you want to exchange                       shares you want to sell              

o the name and class of the fund you      o  your name(s), signature(s) and       
  want to exchange into                      address, as they appear on your      
                                             account                              
o your name(s), signature(s) and                                                  
  address, as they appear on your         o  a daytime telephone number           
  account                                                                         

o a daytime telephone number                                                      
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

With an automatic exchange plan                                                   

o To set up regular exchanges from a      --                                      
  fund account, call (800) 621-1048                                               
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

With an automatic withdrawal plan                                                 

--                                        o  To set up regular cash payments from 
                                             a fund account, call (800) 621-1048  
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

On the Internet                                                                   

o Go to www.scudder.com and register      --                                      

o Follow the instructions for making                                              
  on-line exchanges                                                               
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

29

P-->49735th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 35th
Policies You Should Know About                                                  

Along with the instructions on the previous pages, the policies below may affect
you as a shareholder. Some of this information, such as the section on dividends
and taxes, applies to all investors, including those investing through          
investment providers.                                                           

If you are investing through an investment provider, check the materials you    
received from them. As a general rule, you should follow the information in     
those materials wherever it contradicts the information given here. Please note 
that an investment provider may charge its own fees.                            

In either case, keep in mind that the information in this prospectus applies    
only to each fund's Class A, Class B and Class C shares. The funds do have other
share classes, which are described in a separate prospectus and which have      
different fees, requirements and services.                                      

In order to reduce the amount of mail you receive and to help reduce expenses,  
we generally send a single copy of any shareholder report and prospectus to each
household. If you do not want the mailing of these documents to be combined with
those for other members of your household, please call (800) 621-1048.          

Policies about transactions                                                     

Each fund is open for business each day the New York Stock Exchange is open.    
Each fund calculates its share price every business day, as of the close of     
regular trading on the Exchange (typically 4 p.m. Eastern time, but sometimes   
earlier, as in the case of scheduled half-day trading or unscheduled suspensions
of trading).                                                                    

You can place an order to buy or sell shares at any time. Once your order is    
received by Scudder Investments Service Company, and they have determined that  
it is in "good order," it will be processed at the next share price calculated. 

Because orders placed through investment providers must be forwarded to Scudder 
Investments Service Company before they can be processed, you'll need to allow  
extra time. A representative of your investment provider should be able to tell 
you when your order will be processed.                                          

30

P-->49736th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 36th
ScudderACCESS, the Scudder Automated Information Line, is available 24 hours a  
day by calling (800) 972-3060. You can use ScudderACCESS to get information on  
Scudder funds generally and on accounts held directly at Scudder. You can also  
use it to make exchanges and sell shares.                                       

QuickBuy and QuickSell let you set up a link between a Scudder account and a    
bank account. Once this link is in place, you can move money between the two    
with a phone call. You'll need to make sure your bank has Automated Clearing    
House (ACH) services. Transactions take two to three days to be completed and   
there is a $50 minimum. To set up QuickBuy or QuickSell on a new account, see   
the account application; to add it to an existing account, call (800) 621-1048. 

Since many transactions may be initiated by telephone or electronically, it's   
important to understand that as long as we take reasonable steps to ensure that 
an order to purchase or redeem shares is genuine, such as recording calls or    
requesting personalized security codes or other information, we are not         
responsible for any losses that may occur. For transactions conducted over the  
Internet, we recommend the use of a secure Internet browser. In addition, you   
should verify the accuracy of your confirmation statements immediately after you
receive them.                                                                   

When you ask us to send or receive a wire, please note that while we don't      
charge a fee to send or receive wires, it's possible that your bank may do so.  
Wire transactions are completed within 24 hours. The funds can only send wires  
of $1,000 or more and accept wires of $50 or more.                              

THE FOLLOWING SIDEBAR TEXT APPEARS NEXT TO THE PRECEDING PARAGRAPHS.            

The Scudder Web site can be a valuable resource for shareholders with Internet  
access. Go to www.scudder.com to get up-to-date information, review balances or 
even place orders for exchanges.                                                

31

P-->49737th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 37th
Exchanges are a shareholder privilege, not a right: we may reject any exchange  
order, particularly when there appears to be a pattern of "market timing" or    
other frequent purchases and sales. We may also reject or limit purchase orders,
for these or other reasons.                                                     

When you want to sell more than $100,000 worth of shares, you'll usually need to
place your order in writing and include a signature guarantee. The only         
exception is if you want money wired to a bank account that is already on file  
with us; in that case, you don't need a signature guarantee. Also, you don't    
need a signature guarantee for an exchange, although we may require one in      
certain other circumstances.                                                    

A signature guarantee is simply a certification of your signature -- a valuable 
safeguard against fraud. You can get a signature guarantee from most brokers,   
banks, savings institutions and credit unions. Note that you can't get a        
signature guarantee from a notary public.                                       

When you sell shares that have a CDSC, we calculate the CDSC as a percentage of 
what you paid for the shares or what you are selling them for -- whichever      
results in the lowest charge to you. In processing orders to sell shares, we    
turn to the shares with the lowest CDSC first. Exchanges from one fund into     
another don't affect CDSCs: for each investment you make, the date you first    
bought shares is the date we use to calculate a CDSC on that particular         
investment.                                                                     

32

P-->49738th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 38th
There are certain cases in which you may be exempt from a CDSC. These include:  

o        the death or disability of an account owner (including a joint owner)  

o        withdrawals made through an automatic withdrawal plan. Such withdrawals
        may be made at a maximum of 10% per year of the net asset value of the
account                                                       

o        withdrawals related to certain retirement or benefit plans             

o        redemptions for certain loan advances, hardship provisions or returns  
of excess contributions from retirement plans                 

o        for Class A shares purchased through the Large Order NAV Purchase      
       Privilege, redemption of shares whose dealer of record at the time of
         the investment notifies Scudder Distributors that the dealer waives the
applicable commission                                         

o        For Class C shares, redemption of shares purchased through a           
    dealer-sponsored asset allocation program maintained on an omnibus
     record-keeping system, provided the dealer of record has waived the
       advance of the first year distribution and service fees applicable to
such shares and has agreed to receive such fees quarterly.    

In each of these cases, there are a number of additional provisions that apply  
in order to be eligible for a CDSC waiver. Your financial representative or     
Shareholder Services can answer your questions and help you determine if you are
eligible.                                                                       

THE FOLLOWING SIDEBAR TEXT APPEARS NEXT TO THE PRECEDING PARAGRAPHS.            

If you ever have difficulty placing an order by phone or fax, you can always    
send us your order in writing.                                                  

33

P-->49739th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 39th
If you sell shares in a Scudder fund and then decide to invest with Scudder     
again within six months, you can take advantage of the "reinstatement feature." 
With this feature, you can put your money back into the same class of a Scudder 
fund at its current NAV and for purposes of sales charges it will be treated as 
if it had never left Scudder. You'll be reimbursed (in the form of fund shares) 
for any CDSC you paid when you sold. Future CDSC calculations will be based on  
your original investment date, rather than your reinstatement date. There is    
also an option that lets investors who sold Class B shares buy Class A shares   
with no sales charge, although they won't be reimbursed for any CDSC they paid. 
You can only use the reinstatement feature once for any given group of shares.  
To take advantage of this feature, contact Shareholder Services or your         
financial representative.                                                       

Money from shares you sell is normally sent out within one business day of when 
your order is processed (not when it is received), although it could be delayed 
for up to seven days. There are also two circumstances when it could be longer: 
when you are selling shares you bought recently by check and that check hasn't  
cleared yet (maximum delay: 10 days) or when unusual circumstances prompt the   
SEC to allow further delays. Certain expedited redemption processes may also be 
delayed when you are selling recently purchased shares.                         

34

P-->49740th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 40th
How the funds calculate share price                                             

For each share class, the price at which you buy shares is as follows:          

Class A shares -- net asset value per share, or NAV, adjusted to allow for any  
applicable sales charges (see "Choosing a Share Class")                         

Class B and Class C shares-- net asset value per share, or NAV                  

To calculate NAV, each share class uses the following equation:                 

TOTAL ASSETS - TOTAL LIABILITIES                                            
------------------------------------ = NAV                                      
TOTAL NUMBER OF SHARES OUTSTANDING                                            

For each fund and share class in this prospectus, the price at which you sell   
shares is also the NAV, although for Class B and Class C investors a CDSC may be
taken out of the proceeds (see "Choosing a Share Class").                       

We typically use market prices to value securities. However, when a market price
isn't available, or when we have reason to believe it doesn't represent market  
realities, we may use fair value methods approved by a fund's Board. In such a  
case, a fund's value for a security is likely to be different from the last     
quoted market prices.                                                           

To the extent that a fund invests in securities that are traded primarily in    
foreign markets, the value of its holdings could change at a time when you      
aren't able to buy or sell fund shares. This is because some foreign markets are
open on days or at times when a fund doesn't price its shares.                  

35

P-->49741st Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 41st
Other rights we reserve                                                         

You should be aware that we may do any of the following:                        

o        withhold 30% (in 2002 and 2003) of your distributions as federal income
        tax if we have been notified by the IRS that you are subject to backup
      withholding, or if you fail to provide us with a correct taxpayer ID
     number or certification that you are exempt from backup withholding

o        reject a new account application if you don't provide a correct Social 
  Security or other tax ID number; if the account has already been
       opened, we may give you 30 days' notice to provide the correct number

o        charge you $9 each calendar quarter if your account balance is below   
  $1,000 for the entire quarter; this policy doesn't apply to most
       retirement accounts or if you have an automatic investment plan or in
any case where a fall in share price created the low balance  

o        pay you for shares you sell by "redeeming in kind," that is, by giving 
         you marketable securities (which typically will involve brokerage costs
        for you to liquidate) rather than cash; the funds generally won't make
      a redemption in kind unless your requests over a 90-day period total
 more than $250,000 or 1% of the value of the fund's net assets,
whichever is less                                             

o        change, add or withdraw various services, fees and account policies    
        (for example, we may change or terminate the exchange privilege at any
time)                                                         

36

P-->49742nd Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 42nd
Understanding Distributions and Taxes                                           

By law, a mutual fund is required to pass through to its shareholders virtually 
all of its net earnings. A fund can earn money in two ways: by receiving        
interest, dividends or other income from securities it holds, and by selling    
securities for more than it paid for them. (A fund's earnings are separate from 
any gains or losses stemming from your own purchase of shares.) A fund may not  
always pay a distribution for a given period.                                   

Each fund intends to pay dividends and distributions to its shareholders in     
November and December, or otherwise as needed.                                  

You can choose how to receive your dividends and distributions. You can have    
them all automatically reinvested in fund shares (at NAV), all sent to you by   
check, have one type reinvested and the other sent to you by check or have them 
invested in a different fund. Tell us your preference on your application. If   
you don't indicate a preference, your dividends and distributions will all be   
reinvested without sales charges. For retirement plans, reinvestment is the only
option.                                                                         

Buying and selling fund shares will usually have tax consequences for you       
(except in an IRA or other tax-advantaged account). Your sales of shares may    
result in a capital gain or loss for you; whether long-term or short-term       
depends on how long you owned the shares. For tax purposes, an exchange is the  
same as a sale.                                                                 

THE FOLLOWING SIDEBAR TEXT APPEARS NEXT TO THE PRECEDING PARAGRAPHS.            

Because each shareholder's tax situation is unique, ask your tax professional   
about the tax consequences of your investments, including any state and local   
tax consequences.                                                               

37

P-->49743rd Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 43rd
The tax status of the fund earnings you receive, and your own fund transactions,
generally depends on their type:                                                

Generally taxed at ordinary income rates                                        
---------------------------------------------------------------------           
o  short-term capital gains from selling fund shares                            
---------------------------------------------------------------------           
o  taxable income dividends you receive from the fund                           
---------------------------------------------------------------------           
o  short-term capital gains distributions you receive from the fund             
---------------------------------------------------------------------           

Generally taxed at capital gains rates                                          
---------------------------------------------------------------------           
o  long-term capital gains from selling fund shares                             
---------------------------------------------------------------------           
o  long-term capital gains distributions you receive from the fund              
---------------------------------------------------------------------           

You may be able to claim a tax credit or deduction for your share of any foreign
taxes your fund pays.                                                           

Your fund will send you detailed tax information every January. These statements
tell you the amount and the tax category of any dividends or distributions you  
received. They also have certain details on your purchases and sales of shares. 
The tax status of dividends and distributions is the same whether you reinvest  
them or not. Dividends or distributions declared in the last quarter of a given 
year are taxed in that year, even though you may not receive the money until the
following January.                                                              

If you invest right before a fund pays a dividend, you'll be getting some of    
your investment back as a taxable dividend. You can avoid this, if you want, by 
investing after the fund declares a dividend. In tax-advantaged retirement      
accounts you don't need to worry about this.                                    

Corporations may be able to take a dividends-received deduction for a portion of
income dividends they receive from Scudder Global Fund.                         

38

P-->49744th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 44th
Notes                                                                           
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

P-->49745th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 45th
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

To Get More Information                                                         

Shareholder reports -- These include commentary from each fund's management team
about recent market conditions and the effects of each fund's strategies on its 
performance. They also have detailed performance figures, a list of everything  
the fund owns, and the fund's financial statements. Shareholders get these      
reports automatically.                                                          

Statement of Additional Information (SAI) -- This tells you more about a fund's 
features and policies, including additional risk information. The SAI is        
incorporated by reference into this document (meaning that it's legally part of 
this prospectus).                                                               

For a free copy of any of these documents or to request other information about 
a fund, call (800) 621-1048, or contact Scudder Investments at the address      
listed below. These documents and other information about a fund are available  
from the EDGAR Database on the SEC's Internet site at www.sec.gov. If you like, 
you may obtain copies of this information, after paying a copying fee, by       
e-mailing a request to publicinfo@sec.gov or by writing the SEC at the address  
listed below. You can also review and copy these documents and other information
about each fund, including a fund's SAI, at the SEC's Public Reference Room in  
Washington, D.C. Information on the operation of the SEC's Public Reference Room
may be obtained by calling (202) 942-8090.                                      

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Scudder Investments                       SEC                 
  ----------------------------------------------------------------

    222 South Riverside Plaza                 Public Reference Section
       Chicago, IL 60606-5808                    Washington, D.C. 20549-0102
www.scudder.com www.sec.gov         
(800) 621-1048                            (202) 942-8090      

SEC File Numbers                                              
  ----------------------------------------------------------------
Scudder Global Fund                       811-4670            
Scudder International Fund                811-642

Distributor                                                   
Scudder Distributors, Inc.                                    
222 South Riverside Plaza Chicago, IL 60606-5808
www.scudder.com e-mail info@scudder.com                       
Tel (800) 621-1048                                            

SCUDDER 
INVESTMENTS                                                   

P-->49746th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 46th
 SCUDDER
                                                                     INVESTMENTS

         Core Global/International Funds
       Class AARP and Class S Shares

Prospectus                                                        

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
January 1, 2002       
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Scudder Global Fund   

    Scudder International Fund

As with all mutual funds, the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) does not 
approve or disapprove these shares or determine whether the information in this 
prospectus is truthful or complete. It is a criminal offense for anyone to      
inform you otherwise.                                                           

P-->49747th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 47th
Contents                                                                        
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

How the Funds Work                          How to Invest in the Funds    

4  Scudder Global Fund                     21  How to Buy, Sell and   
                                                  Exchange Class AARP Shares
9  Scudder International Fund                                         
                                        23  How to Buy, Sell and
13  Other Policies and Risks                    Exchange Class S Shares 

14  Who Manages and Oversees                25  Policies You Should Know
the Funds                                   About               

   16 Financial Highlights                     30  Understanding Distributions
                                 and Taxes

P-->49748th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 48th
How the Funds Work                                                          

  These funds invest significantly in foreign securities. On the next few pages,
  you'll find information about each fund's investment goal, the main strategies
each uses to pursue that goal, and the main risks that could affect         
performance.                                                                

 Whether you are considering investing in a fund or are already a shareholder,
 you'll probably want to look this information over carefully. You may want to
keep it on hand for reference as well.                                      

Remember that mutual funds are investments, not bank deposits. They're not  
 insured or guaranteed by the FDIC or any other government agency. Their share
prices will go up and down and you could lose money by investing in them.   

  This prospectus offers two classes for each of the funds described. Class AARP
shares have been created especially for AARP members. Class S shares are    
generally not available to new investors. Unless otherwise noted, all       
information in this prospectus applies to both classes.                     

You can find Scudder prospectuses on the Internet for Class AARP shares at  
aarp.scudder.com and for Class S shares at myScudder.com.                   

P-->49749th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 49th
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                         |  Class AARP   Class S
                                   |
                                         ticker symbol  |  ACOBX         SCOBX
                                         fund number  |  107           007

Scudder Global Fund                                                         
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The Fund's Main Investment Strategy                                             

The fund seeks long-term growth of capital while actively seeking to reduce     
downside risk as compared with other global growth funds. The fund invests at   
least 65% of its total assets in U.S. and foreign equities (equities issued by  
U.S. and foreign-based companies). Most of the fund's equities are common       
stocks. Although the fund can invest in companies of any size and from any      
country, it generally focuses on established companies in countries with        
developed economies. The fund does not invest in securities issued by           
tobacco-producing companies.                                                    

In choosing stocks, the portfolio managers use a combination of three analytical
disciplines: Bottom-up research. The managers look for companies that are       
industry leaders, have strong finances and management, and appear able to make  
the most of local, regional and global opportunities.                           

Growth orientation. The managers primarily invest in companies that offer the   
potential for sustainable above-average earnings growth and whose market value  
appears reasonable in light of their business prospects.                        

Analysis of global themes. The managers consider global economic outlooks,      
seeking to identify industries and companies that are likely to benefit from    
social, political and economic changes.                                         

The managers intend to keep the fund's holdings diversified across industries   
and geographical areas, although, depending on their outlook, they may increase 
or reduce the fund's exposure to a given industry or area.                      

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
OTHER INVESTMENTS Although the fund is permitted to use various types of        
derivatives (contracts whose value is based on, for example, indices,           
commodities, currencies, or securities), the managers don't intend to use them  
as principal investments and may not use them at all.                           

4   

P-->49750th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 50th
The managers use analytical tools to actively monitor the risk profile of the   
portfolio as compared to comparable funds and appropriate benchmarks and peer   
groups.                                                                         

The managers use several strategies in seeking to reduce downside risk,         
including: (i) diversifying broadly among companies, industries, countries and  
regions; (ii) focusing on high quality companies with reasonable valuations; and
(iii) generally focusing on countries with developed economies.                 

The fund will normally sell a stock when the managers believe its price is      
unlikely to go much higher, its fundamentals have deteriorated, other           
investments offer better opportunities or in the course of adjusting the fund's 
emphasis on a given country.                                                    

The Main Risks of Investing in the Fund                                         

There are several risk factors that could hurt the fund's performance, cause you
to lose money or make the fund perform less well than other investments.        

As with most stock funds, the most important factor with this fund is how stock 
markets perform, both in the U.S. and abroad. When stock prices fall, you should
expect the value of your investment to fall as well. Foreign stocks tend to be  
more volatile than their U.S. counterparts, for reasons ranging from political  
and economic uncertainties to a higher risk that essential information may be   
incomplete or wrong. These risks tend to be greater in emerging markets, so to  
the extent that the fund invests in emerging markets (such as Latin America and 
most Pacific Basin countries), it takes on greater risks. Because a stock       
represents ownership in its issuer, stock prices can be hurt by poor management,
shrinking product demand, and other business risks. These may affect single     
companies as well as groups of companies.                                       

A second major factor is currency exchange rates. When the dollar value of a    
foreign currency falls, so does the value of any investments the fund owns that 
are denominated in that currency. This is separate from market risk, and may add
to market losses or reduce market gains.                                        

THE FOLLOWING SIDEBAR TEXT APPEARS NEXT TO THE PRECEDING PARAGRAPHS.            

This fund is designed for long-term investors interested in a broadly           
diversified approach to global investing.                                       

5 

P-->49751st Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 51st
Other factors that could affect performance include:                            

o        the managers could be wrong in their analysis of companies, sectors,   
    economic trends, the relative attractiveness of different sizes of
stocks or other matters                                       

o        derivatives could produce disproportionate losses                      

o        the fund's risk management strategies could make long-term performance 
 somewhat lower than it would have been without these strategies

o        at times, market conditions might make it hard to value some           
investments or to get an attractive price for them            

6 

P-->49752nd Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 52nd
The Fund's Performance History                                                  

While a fund's past performance isn't necessarily a sign of how it will do in   
the future, it can be valuable for an investor to know.                         

The bar chart shows how returns for the fund's Class S shares have varied from  
year to year, which may give some idea of risk. The table shows average annual  
total returns for the fund and a broad-based market index (which, unlike the    
fund, does not have any fees or expenses).                                      

The performance of both the fund and the index varies over time. All figures on 
this page assume reinvestment of dividends and distributions.                   

Scudder Global Fund                                                             
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Annual Total Returns (%) as of 12/31 each year                       Class S    
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
THE ORIGINAL DOCUMENT CONTAINS A BAR CHART HERE                                 
BAR CHART DATA:                                                                 

1991       17.07                                                                
1992        4.54                                                                
1993       31.10                                                                
1994       -4.20                                                                
1995       20.53                                                                
1996       13.65                                                                
1997       17.24                                                                
1998       12.59                                                                
1999       23.47                                                                
2000       -3.01                                                                

2001 Total Return as of September 30: -20.70%                                   

For the periods included in the bar chart:                                      
Best Quarter: 15.20%, Q4 1999             Worst Quarter: -12.25%, Q3 1998       

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Average Annual Total Returns (%) as of 12/31/2000                               
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                   1 Year          5 Years        10 Years
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Fund -- Class S*                       -3.01           12.43           12.78    
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index                                 -13.18           12.12           11.93    
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Index: Morgan Stanley Capital International (MSCI) World Index, an unmanaged    
capitalization-weighted measure of global stock markets including the U.S.,     
Canada, Europe, Australia and the Far East.                                     

*  Performance for Class AARP is not provided because this class does not have a
full calendar year of performance.                                        

7 

P-->49753rd Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 53rd
How Much Investors Pay                                                          

This fund has no sales charges or other shareholder fees. The fund does have    
annual operating expenses, and as a shareholder of either Class AARP or Class S 
shares, you pay them indirectly.                                                

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Fee Table                                                                       
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Shareholder Fees, paid directly from your investment                   None     
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Annual Operating Expenses, deducted from fund assets                            
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Management Fee                                                         0.96%    
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Distribution (12b-1) Fee                                               None     
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Other Expenses*                                                         0.38    
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total Annual Operating Expenses                                         1.34    
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

* Includes a fixed rate administrative fee of 0.375%.                           

Information in the table has been restated to reflect a new fixed rate          
administrative fee and a new investment management fee rate.                    

Based on the costs above, this example helps you compare this fund's expenses to
those of other mutual funds. The example assumes the expenses above remain the  
same. It also assumes that you invested $10,000, earned 5% annual returns,      
reinvested all dividends and distributions, and sold your shares at the end of  
each period. This is only an example; actual expenses will be different.        

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Example                     1 Year        3 Years       5 Years       10 Years  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Class AARP/S shares          $136          $425           $734         $1,613   
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

8 

P-->49754th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 54th
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                         |  Class AARP   Class S
                                   |
                                         ticker symbol  |  AINTX         SCINX
                                         fund number  |  168           068

Scudder International Fund                                                  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The Fund's Main Investment Strategy                                             

The fund seeks long-term growth of capital by investing at least 65% of its     
total assets in foreign equities (equities issued by foreign-based companies and
listed on foreign exchanges). Although the fund can invest in companies of any  
size and from any country, it invests mainly in common stocks of established    
companies in countries with developed economies (other than the United States). 

In choosing common stocks, the portfolio managers use a combination of three    
analytical disciplines:                                                         

Bottom-up research. The managers look for individual companies that have        
financial strength, good business prospects, competitive positioning and        
earnings growth that is above-average for their market segment, among other     
factors.                                                                        

Top-down analysis. The managers consider the economic outlooks for various      
countries and geographical regions, favoring countries that they believe have   
sound economic conditions and open markets.                                     

Analysis of global themes. The managers look for significant changes in the     
business environment, seeking to identify industries that may benefit from these
changes.                                                                        

The managers intend to divide the fund's holdings across industries and         
geographical areas, although, depending on their outlook, they may increase or  
reduce the fund's exposure to a given industry or area.                         

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
OTHER INVESTMENTS The fund may invest up to 20% of net assets in foreign debt   
securities, including convertible bonds. Although the fund is permitted to use  
various types of derivatives (contracts whose value is based on, for example,   
indices, commodities, currencies, or securities), the managers don't intend to  
use them as principal investments and may not use them at all.                  

9 

P-->49755th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 55th
The fund will normally sell a stock when the managers believe its price is      
unlikely to go much higher, its fundamentals have deteriorated, other           
investments offer better opportunities or in the course of adjusting the fund's 
emphasis on a given country.                                                    

The Main Risks of Investing in the Fund                                         

There are several risk factors that could hurt the fund's performance, cause you
to lose money or make the fund perform less well than other investments.        

As with most stock funds, the most important factor with this fund is how stock 
markets perform -- in this case, foreign markets. When foreign stock prices     
fall, you should expect the value of your investment to fall as well. Foreign   
stocks also tend to be more volatile than their U.S. counterparts, for reasons  
ranging from political and economic uncertainties to a higher risk that         
essential information may be incomplete or wrong. While developed foreign       
markets may be less risky than emerging markets, increasing globalization can   
make any market vulnerable to events elsewhere in the world.                    

A second major factor is currency exchange rates. When the dollar value of a    
foreign currency falls, so does the value of any investments the fund owns that 
are denominated in that currency. This is separate from market risk, and may add
to market losses or reduce market gains.                                        

Because a stock represents ownership in its issuer, stock prices can be hurt by 
poor management, shrinking product demand, and other business risks. These may  
affect single companies as well as groups of companies                          

Other factors that could affect performance include:                            

o        the managers could be wrong in their analysis of industries, companies,
economic trends, geographical trends or other matters         

o        derivatives could produce disproportionate losses                      

o        at times, market conditions might make it hard to value some           
investments or to get an attractive price for them            

THE FOLLOWING SIDEBAR TEXT APPEARS NEXT TO THE PRECEDING PARAGRAPHS.            

This fund is designed for investors interested in a broadly diversified         
international investment with emphasis squarely on long-term growth of capital. 

10

P-->49756th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 56th
The Fund's Performance History                                                  

While a fund's past performance isn't necessarily a sign of how it will do in   
the future, it can be valuable for an investor to know.                         

The bar chart shows how the returns for the fund's Class S shares have varied   
from year to year, which may give some idea of risk. The table shows average    
annual total returns of the fund's Class S shares and a broad-based market index
(which, unlike the fund, does not have any fees or expenses).                   

The performance of both the fund and the index varies over time. All figures on 
this page assume reinvestment of dividends and distributions.                   

Scudder International Fund                                                      

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Annual Total Returns (%) as of 12/31 each year                        Class S   
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

THE ORIGINAL DOCUMENT CONTAINS A BAR CHART HERE                                 
BAR CHART DATA:                                                                 

1991       11.78                                                                
1992       -2.64                                                                
1993       36.50                                                                
1994       -2.99                                                                
1995       12.22                                                                
1996       14.55                                                                
1997        7.98                                                                
1998       18.62                                                                
1999       57.89                                                                
2000      -19.23                                                                

2001 Total Return as of September 30: -29.68%                                   
For the periods included in the bar chart:                                      
Best Quarter: 30.46%, Q4 1999              Worst Quarter: -14.41%, Q3 1998      

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Average Annual Total Returns (%) as of 12/31/2000                               
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                             1 Year           5 Years           10 Years
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Fund -- Class S*                -19.23            13.35               11.71     
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index                           -13.37             7.54                8.38     
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Index: Morgan Stanley Capital International (MSCI) Europe, Australia, Far East  
(EAFE) & Canada Index, an unmanaged capitalization-weighted measure of stock    
markets in Europe, Australia, the Far East and Canada.                          

*  Performance for Class AARP is not provided because this class does not have a
full calendar year of performance.                                        

11

P-->49757th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 57th
How Much Investors Pay                                                          

The fund has no sales charge or other shareholder fees, other than a            
redemption/exchange fee on Class S shares. The fund does have annual operating  
expenses and as a shareholder of either Class AARP or Class S shares you pay    
them indirectly.                                                                

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Fee Table                                                                       
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Shareholder Fees, paid directly from your investment                   None     
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Redemption/Exchange Fee, on Class S shares owned less than            2.00%     
six months (as a % of amount redeemed, if applicable)                           
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Annual Operating Expenses, deducted from fund assets                            
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Management Fee                                                        0.68%     
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Distribution (12b-1) Fee                                               None     
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Other Expenses*                                                        0.38     
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total Annual Operating Expenses                                        1.06     
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

* Includes a fixed rate administrative fee of 0.375%.                           

Based on the costs above, this example helps you compare this fund's expenses to
those of other mutual funds. This example assumes the expenses above remain the 
same. It also assumes that you invested $10,000, earned 5% annual returns,      
reinvested all dividends and distributions and sold your shares at the end of   
each period. This is only an example; actual expenses will be different.        

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Example                    1 Year        3 Years       5 Years        10 Years  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Class AARP/S shares         $108          $337           $585          $1,294   
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

12

P-->49758th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 58th
Other Policies and Risks                                                        

While the previous pages describe the main points of each fund's strategy and   
risks, there are a few other issues to know about:                              

o        Although major changes tend to be infrequent, a fund's Board could     
change that fund's investment goal without seeking shareholder
approval.                                                     

o        As a temporary defensive measure, Scudder Global Fund could shift up to
         100% of its assets into investments such as money market securities. As
       a temporary defensive measure, Scudder International Fund could shift
    up to 100% of its assets into investments such as U.S. or Canadian
         money market securities. These measures could prevent losses, but would
mean that each fund was not pursuing its goal.                

o        Scudder International Fund may trade securities actively. This could   
      raise transaction costs (thus lowering return) and could mean higher
taxable distributions.                                        

Euro conversion                                                                 

Funds that invest in foreign securities could be affected by accounting         
differences, changes in tax treatment or other issues related to the conversion 
of certain European currencies into the euro, which is well underway. The       
investment advisor is working to address euro-related issues as they occur and  
has been notified that other key service providers are taking similar steps.    
Still, there's some risk that this problem could materially affect a fund's     
operation (including its ability to calculate net asset value and to handle     
purchases and redemptions), its investments or securities markets in general.   

For more information                                                            

This prospectus doesn't tell you about every policy or risk of investing in the 
funds.                                                                          

If you want more information on a fund's allowable securities and investment    
practices and the characteristics and risks of each one, you may want to request
a copy of the Statement of Additional Information (the back cover tells you how 
to do this).                                                                    

Keep in mind that there is no assurance that any mutual fund will achieve its   
goal.                                                                           

13

P-->49759th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 59th
Who Manages and Oversees the Funds                                              

The investment advisor                                                          

The funds' investment advisor is Zurich Scudder Investments, Inc., 345 Park     
Avenue, New York, NY. The advisor has more than 80 years of experience managing 
mutual funds, and currently has more than $325 billion in assets under          
management.                                                                     

The advisor's asset management teams include investment professionals,          
economists, research analysts, traders and other investment specialists, located
in offices across the United States and around the world.                       

The advisor receives a management fee from each fund. Below are the actual rates
paid by each fund for the 12 months through the most recent fiscal year, as a   
percentage of each fund's average daily net assets.                             

Fund Name                                                Fee Paid               
---------------------------------------------------------------------           
Scudder Global Fund                                       0.96%                 
---------------------------------------------------------------------           
Scudder International Fund                                0.68%                 
---------------------------------------------------------------------           

Scudder Global Fund has entered into a new investment management agreement with 
the advisor. The table below describes the new fee rates for the fund.          

Average Daily Net Assets                                 Fee Rate               
---------------------------------------------------------------------           
Scudder Global Fund                                                             
---------------------------------------------------------------------           
New Investment Management Fee as of September 11, 2000                          
---------------------------------------------------------------------           
first $500 million                                        1.000%                
---------------------------------------------------------------------           
next $500 million                                         0.950%                
---------------------------------------------------------------------           
next $500 million                                         0.900%                
---------------------------------------------------------------------           
next $500 million                                         0.850%                
---------------------------------------------------------------------           
over $2 billion                                           0.800%                
---------------------------------------------------------------------           

14

P-->49760th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 60th
AARP through its affiliates monitors and approves the AARP Investment Program   
from Scudder Investments, but does not recommend specific mutual funds. The     
advisor has agreed to pay a fee to AARP and/or its affiliates in return for the 
use of the AARP trademark and services relating to investments by AARP members  
in AARP Class shares of each fund. This fee is calculated on a daily basis as a 
percentage of the combined net assets of the AARP Classes of all funds managed  
by the advisor. The fee rates, which decrease as the aggregate net assets of the
AARP Classes become larger, are as follows: 0.07% for the first $6 billion in   
net assets, 0.06% for the next $10 billion and 0.05% thereafter. These amounts  
are used for the general purposes of AARP and its members.                      

The portfolio managers                                                          

The following people handle the day-to-day management of each fund.             

Scudder Global Fund                     Scudder International Fund              

William E. Holzer                       Irene T. Cheng                      
Lead Portfolio Manager                  Lead Portfolio Manager              
o Began investment career               o Began investment career         
in 1977                                 in 1985                       
o Joined the advisor in 1980            o Joined the advisor in 1993      
o Joined the fund team in 1986          o Joined the fund team in 1998    

Nicholas Bratt                          Nicholas Bratt                      
o Began investment career               o Began investment career         
in 1974                                 in 1974                       
o Joined the advisor in 1976            o Joined the advisor in 1976      
o Joined the fund team in 1993          o Joined the fund team in 1976    

Peter Crays                             Marc J. Slendebroek                 
o Began investment career               o Began investment career         
in 1993                                 in 1989                       
o Joined the advisor in 1999            o Joined the advisor in 1994      
o Joined the fund team in 2000          o Joined the fund team in 1999    

                     Carol L. Franklin
                               o Began investment career
                 in 1975
                                  o Joined the advisor in 1981
                                    o Joined the fund team in 1986

15

P-->49761st Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 61st
Financial Highlights                                                            

These tables are designed to help you understand each fund's financial          
performance. The figures in the first part of each table are for a single share.
The total return figures represent the percentage that an investor in a         
particular fund would have earned (or lost), assuming all dividends and         
distributions were reinvested. This information has been audited by             
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, whose report, along with each fund's financial      
statements, is included in that fund's annual report (see "Shareholder reports" 
on the back cover).                                                             

Scudder Global Fund -- Class AARP                                               

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                        2001^a
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Selected Per Share Data                                                         
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net asset value, beginning of period                                    $27.40  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Income (loss) from investment operations:                                       
Net investment income (loss)^b                                           .22
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net realized and unrealized gain (loss) on investment transactions    (4.31)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total from investment operations                                      (4.09)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Less distributions from:                                                        
Net investment income                                                  (.05)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net realized gains on investment transactions                          (.10)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total distributions                                                    (.15)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net asset value, end of period                                          $23.16  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total Return (%)                                                       (14.99)**
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Ratios to Average Net Assets and Supplemental Data                              
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net assets, end of period ($ millions)                                     126  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Ratio of expenses (%)                                                   1.30^c* 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Ratio of net investment income (loss) (%)                                 .90*  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Portfolio turnover rate (%)                                                 40  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

^a For the period from September 11, 2000 (commencement of sales of Class AARP  
shares) to August 31, 2001.                                               

^b Based on average shares outstanding during the period.                       

^c The ratio of operating expenses includes a one-time reduction in             
  reorganization costs from fiscal 2000. This ratio without this reduction was
1.34%.                                                                    

*  Annualized                                                                   

** Not annualized                                                               

16

P-->49762nd Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 62nd
Scudder Global Fund -- Class S^(a)                                              

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                2001^c   2000^c  1999^d   1999^e  1998^e  1997^e
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Selected Per Share Data                                                         
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net asset value, beginning of    $31.36   $31.25  $31.30   $32.41  $33.67 $28.73
period                                                                          
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Income (loss) from investment                                                   
operations:                                                                     
 Net investment income (loss)^b   .21     .53g     .02      .23     .38    .17
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Net realized and unrealized    (4.77)     3.69   (.07)     1.82    3.82   6.58
gain (loss) on investment                                                   
transactions                                                                
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Total from investment          (4.56)     4.22   (.05)     2.05    4.20   6.75
operations                                                                  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Less distributions from:          (.25)    (.20)      --    (.55)   (.88)  (.28)
Net investment income                                                       
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Net realized gains on          (3.40)   (3.91)      --   (2.61)  (4.58) (1.53)
investment transactions                                                     
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Total distributions            (3.65)   (4.11)      --   (3.16)  (5.46) (1.81)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net asset value, end of period   $23.15   $31.36  $31.25   $31.30  $32.41 $33.67
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total Return (%)                 (16.34)   13.83  (.16)**    7.18   14.93  24.91
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Ratios to Average Net Assets and Supplemental Data                              
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net assets, end of period         1,090    1,552   1,553    1,610   1,766  1,604
($ millions)                                                                    
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Ratio of expenses (%)             1.34^h   1.33^f  1.36*     1.35    1.34   1.37
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Ratio of net investment income                                                  
(loss) (%)                          .86    1.71^g   .44*      .79    1.19    .59
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Portfolio turnover rate (%)          40       60     29*       70      51     41
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

^a On September 11, 2000, existing shares of the Fund were redesignated as Class
S.                                                                        

^b Based on average shares outstanding during the period.                       

^c For the years ended August 31.                                               

^d For the two months ended August 31, 1999. On June 7, 1999, the Fund changed  
its fiscal year end from June 30 to August 31.                            

^e For the years ended June 30.                                                 

^f The ratio of operating expenses excluding costs incurred in connection with  
the reorganization was 1.32%.                                             

^g Net investment income per share includes non-recurring dividend income       
   amounting to $.29 per share; the ratio of net investment income excluding the
non-recurring dividend is .77%.                                           

^h The ratio of operating expenses includes a one-time reduction in             
  reorganization costs from fiscal 2000. This ratio without this reduction was
1.34%.                                                                    

*  Annualized                                                                   

** Not annualized                                                               

17

P-->49763rd Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 63rd
Scudder International Fund -- Class AARP                                        

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                             2001^a     2000^b
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Selected Per Share Data                                                         
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net asset value, beginning of period                           $57.74   $57.26  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Income (loss) from investment operations:                                       
Net investment income (loss)^c                                  .20      .01
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net realized and unrealized gain (loss) on investment        (14.96)     .47
transactions                                                                
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total from investment operations                             (14.76)     .48
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Less distributions from:                                                        
Net investment income                                         (.06)       --
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net realized gains on investment transactions                (2.68)       --
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total distributions                                          (2.74)       --
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net asset value, end of period                                 $40.24   $57.74  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total Return (%)                                               (26.43)   .84**  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Ratios to Average Net Assets and Supplemental Data                              
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net assets, end of period ($ millions)                             36       71  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Ratio of expenses (%)                                           1.04^d    1.05* 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Ratio of net investment income (loss) (%)                         .46     .30*  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Portfolio turnover rate (%)                                        85       83  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

^a For the year ended August 31.                                                

^b For the period from August 14, 2000 (commencement of sales of Class AARP     
shares) to August 31, 2000.                                               

^c Based on average shares outstanding during the period.                       

^d The ratio of operating expenses includes a one-time reduction in             
 reorganization costs from fiscal 2000. The ratio without this reduction was
1.07%.                                                                    

*  Annualized                                                                   

** Not annualized                                                               

18

P-->49764th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 64th
Scudder International Fund -- Class S                                           

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Selected Per Share Data                                                         
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net asset value,          $57.73   $54.82    $50.07   $52.06    $48.07   $45.71 
beginning of period                                                             
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Income (loss) from                                                              
investment operations:                                                          
Net investment income                                                       
 (loss)^d                   .18      .16      .20^e    .47^f      .43      .30
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Net realized and        (14.94)    9.38      7.20     3.10      9.16     4.53
unrealized gain (loss)                                                      
on investment                                                               
transactions                                                                
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Total from investment   (14.76)    9.54      7.40     3.57      9.59     4.83
operations                                                                  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Less distributions from:                                                        
 Net investment income    (.05)    (.13)        --       --     (.25)   (1.28)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Net realized gains on   (2.68)   (6.50)    (2.65)   (5.56)    (5.35)   (1.19)
investment transactions                                                     
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Total distributions     (2.73)   (6.63)    (2.65)   (5.56)    (5.60)   (2.47)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net asset value, end of                                                         
period                    $40.24   $57.73    $54.82   $50.07    $52.06   $48.07 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total Return (%)          (26.44)   17.09    15.19**    7.18     21.57    10.74 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Ratios to Average Net Assets and Supplemental Data                              
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net assets, end of period  3,248    4,841     3,610    3,090     2,885    2,583 
($ millions)                                                                    
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Ratio of expenses (%)       1.07     1.12     1.21*     1.17      1.18     1.15 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Ratio of net investment                                                         
income (loss) (%)            .43      .25      .93*      .92       .83      .64 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Portfolio turnover                                                              
rate (%)                      85       83       82*       80        56       36 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

^a For the year ended August 31.                                                

^b For the five months ended August 31, 1999. On June 7, 1999, the Fund changed 
its fiscal year end from March 31 to August 31.                           

^c For the year ended March 31.                                                 

^d Based on average shares outstanding during the period.                       

^e Net investment income per share includes non-recurring dividend income       
amounting to $.02 per share.                                              

^f Net investment income per share includes non-recurring dividend income       
amounting to $.09 per share.                                              

*  Annualized    ** Not annualized                                              

19

P-->49765th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 65th
How to Invest in the Funds                                                  

The following pages tell you how to invest in these funds and what to expect
as a shareholder. If you're investing directly with Scudder, all of this    
information applies to you.                                                 

If you're investing through a "third party provider" -- for example, a      
 workplace retirement plan, financial supermarket or financial advisor -- your
provider may have its own policies or instructions, and you should follow   
those.                                                                      

As noted earlier, there are two classes of shares of each fund available    
through this prospectus. The instructions for buying and selling each class 
are slightly different.                                                     

  Instructions for buying and selling Class AARP shares, which have been created
especially for AARP members, are found on the next two pages. These are     
followed by instructions for buying and selling Class S shares, which are   
  generally not available to new investors. Be sure to use the appropriate table
when placing any orders to buy, exchange or sell shares in your account.    

P-->49766th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 66th
How to Buy, Sell and Exchange Class AARP Shares                                 

Buying Shares Use these instructions to invest directly. Make out your check to 
"The AARP Investment Program."                                                  

                                                                [Download Table]

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
First investment                          Additional investments                  
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                  
$1,000 or more for regular accounts       $50 minimum for regular accounts and    
                                          IRA accounts                            
$500 or more for IRAs                                                             
                                          $50 minimum with an Automatic           
                                          Investment Plan, Payroll Deduction or   
                                          Direct Deposit                          

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
By mail or express mail (see below)                                               

o For enrollment forms, call              Send a personalized investment slip or  
  1-800-253-2277                          short note that includes:               

o Fill out and sign an enrollment form    o fund and class name                   

o Send it to us at the appropriate        o account number                        
  address, along with an investment                                               
  check                                   o check payable to "The AARP            
                                            Investment Program"                   
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
By wire                                                                           

o Call 1-800-253-2277 for instructions    o Call 1-800-253-2277 for instructions  
                                            (minimum $50)                         
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
By phone                                                                          

--                                        o Call 1-800-253-2277 for instructions  
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
With an automatic investment plan                                                 

o Fill in the information required on     o To set up regular investments from a  
  your enrollment form and include a        bank checking account, call           
  voided check                              1-800-253-2277 (minimum $50)          
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Payroll Deduction or Direct Deposit                                               

o Select either of these options on your  o Once you specify a dollar amount      
  enrollment form and submit it. You        (minimum $50), investments are        
  will receive further instructions by      automatic.                            
  mail.                                                                           
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Using QuickBuy                                                                    

--                                        o Call 1-800-253-2277 to speak to a     
                                            representative                        

                                          o or, to use QuickBuy on the            
                                            Easy-Access Line, call                
                                            1-800-631-4636 and follow the         
                                            instructions on how to purchase       
                                            shares                                
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
On the Internet                                                                   

o Go to "services and forms-- How to      o Call 1-800-253-2277 to ensure you     
  open an account" at aarp.scudder.com      have electronic services              

o Print out a prospectus and an           o Register at aarp.scudder.com          
  enrollment form                                                                 
                                          o Follow the instructions for buying    
o Complete and return the enrollment        shares with money from your bank      
  form with your check                      account                               
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Regular mail: The AARP Investment Program                                   
First Investment: PO Box 219735, Kansas City, MO 64121-9735                 
Additional Investments: PO Box 219743, Kansas City, MO 64121-9743           

Express, registered or certified mail:                                      
The AARP Investment Program, 811 Main Street, Kansas City, MO 64105-2005    

Fax number: 1-800-821-6234 (for exchanging and selling only)                

21

P-->49767th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 67th
Exchanging or Selling Shares Use these instructions to exchange or sell shares  
in an account opened directly with Scudder.                                     

                                                                [Download Table]

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Exchanging into another fund              Selling shares                          
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                  
$1,000 or more to open a new account      Some transactions, including most for   
($500 or more for IRAs)                   over $100,000, can only be ordered in   
                                          writing; if you're in doubt, see page   
$50 or more for exchanges between         27                                      
existing accounts                                                                 
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
By phone                                                                          

o Call 1-800-253-2277 for instructions    o Call 1-800-253-2277 for instructions  
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Using Easy-Access Line                                                            

o Call 1-800- 631-4636 and follow the     o Call 1-800-631-4636 and follow the    
  instructions                              instructions                          
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
By mail, express mail or fax                                                      
(see previous page)                                                               
                                          Your instructions should include:       
Your instructions should include:                                                 
                                          o your account number                   
o your account number                                                             
                                          o names of the funds, class and number  
o names of the funds, class and number      of shares or dollar amount you want   
  of shares or dollar amount you want to    to redeem                             
  exchange                                                                        
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
With an automatic withdrawal plan                                                 

--                                        o To set up regular cash payments from  
                                            an account, call 1-800-253-2277       
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Using QuickSell                                                                   

--                                        o Call 1-800-253-2277                   
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
On the Internet                                                                   

o Register at aarp.scudder.com            --                                      

o Go to "services and forms"                                                      

o Follow the instructions for making                                              
  on-line exchanges                                                               
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
To reach us:    o Web site aarp.scudder.com                                   

                o Program representatives 1-800-253-2277, M-F, 8 a.m. - 7 p.m.
EST                                       

     o Confidential fax line 1-800-821-6234, always open

     o TDD line 1-800-634-9454, M-F, 9 a.m. - 5 p.m. EST

Class AARP      o AARP Lump Sum Service For planning and setting up a lump    
Services          sum distribution.                                           

              o AARP Legacy Service For organizing financial documents and
      planning the orderly transfer of assets to heirs

                 o AARP Goal Setting and Asset Allocation Service For allocating
assets and measuring investment progress  

     o For more information, please call 1-800-253-2277.

22

P-->49768th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 68th
How to Buy, Sell and Exchange Class S Shares                                    

Buying Shares Use these instructions to invest directly. Make out your check to 
"The Scudder Funds."                                                            

                                                                [Download Table]

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
First investment                          Additional investments                  
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                  
$2,500 or more for regular accounts       $50 or more for regular accounts and    
                                          IRA accounts                            
$1,000 or more for IRAs                                                           
                                          $50 or more with an Automatic           
                                          Investment Plan                         

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
By mail or express mail (see below)                                               

o Fill out and sign an application        Send a Scudder investment slip or       
                                          short note that includes:               
o Send it to us at the appropriate                                                
  address, along with an investment       o fund and class name                   
   check                                                                          
                                          o account number                        

                                          o check payable to "The Scudder Funds"  
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
By wire                                                                           

o Call 1-800-SCUDDER for instructions     o Call 1-800-SCUDDER for instructions   
                                            (minimum $50)                         
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
By phone                                                                          

--                                        o Call 1-800-SCUDDER for instructions   
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
With an automatic investment plan                                                 

o Fill in the information on your         o To set up regular investments from a  
  application and include a voided check    bank checking account, call           
                                            1-800-SCUDDER (minimum $50)           
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Using QuickBuy                                                                    

--                                        o Call 1-800-SCUDDER to speak to a      
                                            representative                        

                                          o or, to use QuickBuy on SAIL, call     
                                            1-800-343-2890 and follow the         
                                            instructions on how to purchase       
                                            shares                                
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
On the Internet                                                                   

o Go to "funds and prices" at             o Call 1-800-SCUDDER to ensure you      
  myScudder.com                             have electronic services              

o Print out a prospectus and a new        o Register at myScudder.com             
  account application                                                             
                                          o Follow the instructions for buying    
o Complete and return the application       shares with money from your bank      
  with your check                           account                               
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Regular mail:                                                               
First Investment: Scudder Investments, PO Box 219669, Kansas City, MO
64121-9669                                                                  
Additional Investments: Scudder Investments, PO Box 219664, Kansas City, MO
64121-9664                                                                  

Express, registered or certified mail:                                      
Scudder Investments, 811 Main Street, Kansas City, MO 64105-2005            

Fax number: 1-800-821-6234 (for exchanging and selling only)                

23

P-->49769th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 69th
Exchanging or Selling Shares  Use these instructions to exchange or sell shares 
in an account opened directly with Scudder.                                     

                                                                [Download Table]

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Exchanging into another fund              Selling shares                          
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                  
$2,500 or more to open a new account      Some transactions, including most for   
($1,000 or more for IRAs)                 over $100,000, can only be ordered in   
                                          writing; if you're in doubt, see page   
$50 or more for exchanges between         27                                      
existing accounts                                                                 
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
By phone or wire                                                                  

o Call 1-800-SCUDDER for instructions     o Call 1-800-SCUDDER for instructions   
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Using SAIL(TM)                                                                    

o Call 1-800-343-2890 and follow the      o Call 1-800-343-2890 and follow the    
  instructions                              instructions                          
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
By mail, express mail or fax                                                      
(see previous page)                                                               
Your instructions should include:         Your instructions should include:       

o the fund, class, and account number     o the fund, class and account number    
  you're exchanging out of                  from which you want to sell shares    

o the dollar amount or number of shares   o the dollar amount or number of        
  you want to exchange                      shares you want to sell               

o the name and class of the fund you      o your name(s), signature(s) and        
  want to exchange into                     address, as they appear on your       
                                            account                               
o your name(s), signature(s), and                                                 
  address, as they appear on your         o a daytime telephone number            
  account                                                                         

o a daytime telephone number                                                      
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
With an automatic withdrawal plan                                                 

--                                        o To set up regular cash payments from  
                                            a Scudder account, call 1-800-SCUDDER 
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Using QuickSell                                                                   
--                                        o Call 1-800-SCUDDER                    
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
On the Internet                                                                   

o Register at myScudder.com               o Register at myScudder.com             

o Follow the instructions for making      o Follow the instructions for making    
  on-line exchanges                         on-line redemptions                   
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

24

P-->49770th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 70th
Policies You Should Know About                                                  

Along with the instructions on the previous pages, the policies below may affect
you as a shareholder. Some of this information, such as the section on dividends
and taxes, applies to all investors, including those investing through          
investment providers.                                                           

If you are investing through an investment provider, check the materials you got
from them. As a general rule, you should follow the information in those        
materials wherever it contradicts the information given here. Please note that  
an investment provider may charge its own fees.                                 

In either case, keep in mind that the information in this prospectus applies    
only to the fund's Class AARP and Class S shares. The funds do have other share 
classes, which are described in separate prospectuses and which have different  
fees, requirements, and services.                                               

In order to reduce the amount of mail you receive and to help reduce expenses,  
we generally send a single copy of any shareholder report and prospectus to each
household. If you do not want the mailing of these documents to be combined with
those for other members of your household, please call 1-800-253-2277 (Class    
AARP) or 1-800-SCUDDER (Class S).                                               

Policies about transactions                                                     

Each fund is open for business each day the New York Stock Exchange is open.    
Each fund calculates its share price every business day, as of the close of     
regular trading on the Exchange (typically 4 p.m. Eastern time, but sometimes   
earlier, as in the case of scheduled half-day trading or unscheduled suspensions
of trading).                                                                    

You can place an order to buy or sell shares at any time. Once your order is    
received by Scudder Service Corporation, and they have determined that it is in 
"good order," it will be processed at the next share price calculated.          

Because orders placed through investment providers must be forwarded to Scudder 
Service Corporation before they can be processed, you'll need to allow extra    
time. A representative of your investment provider should be able to tell you   
when your order will be processed.                                              

THE FOLLOWING SIDEBAR TEXT APPEARS NEXT TO THE PRECEDING PARAGRAPHS.            

Questions? You can speak to a Scudder representative between 8 a.m. and  7 p.m. 
Eastern time on any fund business day by calling 1-800-253-2277 (Class AARP) or 
1-800-SCUDDER (Class S).                                                        

25

P-->49771st Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 71st
Automated phone information is available 24 hours a day. You can use your       
automated phone services to get information on Scudder funds generally and on   
accounts held directly at Scudder. If you signed up for telephone services, you 
can also use this service to make exchanges and sell shares.                    

For Class AARP shares                                                           
---------------------------------------------------------------------           
Call Easy-Access Line, the AARP Program Automated Information Line,             
at 1-800-631-4636                                                               
---------------------------------------------------------------------           
For Class S shares                                                              
---------------------------------------------------------------------           
Call SAIL(TM), the Scudder Automated Information Line, at                       
1-800-343-2890                                                                  
---------------------------------------------------------------------           

QuickBuy and QuickSell let you set up a link between a Scudder account and a    
bank account. Once this link is in place, you can move money between the two    
with a phone call. You'll need to make sure your bank has Automated Clearing    
House (ACH) services. Transactions take two or three days to be completed and   
there is a $50 minimum. To set up QuickBuy or QuickSell on a new account, see   
the account application; to add it to an existing account, call 1-800-253-2277  
(Class AARP) or 1-800-SCUDDER (Class S).                                        

Since many transactions may be initiated by telephone or electronically, it's   
important to understand that as long as we take reasonable steps to ensure that 
an order to purchase or redeem shares is genuine, such as recording calls or    
requesting personalized security codes or other information, we are not         
responsible for any losses that may occur. For transactions conducted over the  
Internet, we recommend the use of a secure Internet browser. In addition, you   
should verify the accuracy of your confirmation statements immediately after you
receive them.                                                                   

THE FOLLOWING SIDEBAR TEXT APPEARS NEXT TO THE PRECEDING PARAGRAPHS.            

The Scudder Web site can be a valuable resource for shareholders with Internet  
access. To get up-to-date information, review balances or even place orders for 
exchanges, go to aarp.scudder.com (Class AARP) or myScudder.com (Class S).      

26

P-->49772nd Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 72nd
When you ask us to send or receive a wire, please note that while we don't      
charge a fee to send or receive wires, it's possible that your bank may do so.  
Wire transactions are completed within 24 hours. The funds can only send wires  
of $1,000 or more and accept wires of $50 or more.                              

Exchanges are a shareholder privilege, not a right: we may reject any exchange  
order, particularly when there appears to be a pattern of "market timing" or    
other frequent purchases and sales. We may also reject or limit purchase orders,
for these or other reasons.                                                     

When you want to sell more than $100,000 worth of shares, you'll usually need to
place your order in writing and include a signature guarantee. The only         
exception is if you want money wired to a bank account that is already on file  
with us; in that case, you don't need a signature guarantee. Also, you don't    
need a signature guarantee for an exchange, although we may require one in      
certain other circumstances.                                                    

A signature guarantee is simply a certification of your signature -- a valuable 
safeguard against fraud. You can get a signature guarantee from most brokers,   
banks, savings institutions and credit unions. Note that you can't get a        
signature guarantee from a notary public.                                       

Money from shares you sell is normally sent out within one business day of when 
your order is processed (not when it is received), although it could be delayed 
for up to seven days. There are also two circumstances when it could be longer: 
when you are selling shares you bought recently by check and that check hasn't  
cleared yet (maximum delay: 15 days) or when unusual circumstances prompt the   
SEC to allow further delays. Certain expedited redemption processes may also be 
delayed when you are selling recently purchased shares.                         

THE FOLLOWING SIDEBAR TEXT APPEARS NEXT TO THE PRECEDING PARAGRAPHS.            

If you ever have difficulty placing an order by phone or fax, you can always    
send us your order in writing.                                                  

27

P-->49773rd Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 73rd
How the funds calculate share price                                             

For each share class, the price at which you buy shares is the net asset value  
per share, or NAV. To calculate NAV, each share class of each fund uses the     
following equation:                                                             

TOTAL ASSETS - TOTAL LIABILITIES                                              
------------------------------------  = NAV                                     
TOTAL NUMBER OF SHARES OUTSTANDING                                              

We typically use market prices to value securities. However, when a market price
isn't available, or when we have reason to believe it doesn't represent market  
realities, we may use fair value methods approved by a fund's Board. In such a  
case, the fund's value for a security is likely to be different from the last   
quoted market prices.                                                           

The price at which you sell shares of each fund is also that fund's NAV, minus a
2.00% redemption/exchange fee on Class S shares of Scudder International Fund   
owned less than six months. You won't be charged this fee if you're investing in
an employer-sponsored retirement plan that is set up directly with Scudder.     
Certain other types of accounts may also be eligible for this waiver. If your   
employer-sponsored retirement plan is through a third-party investment provider,
or if you are investing through an IRA or other individual retirement account,  
the fee will apply.                                                             

To the extent that a fund invests in securities that are traded primarily in    
foreign markets, the value of their holdings could change at a time when you    
aren't able to buy or sell fund shares. This is because some foreign markets are
open on days or at times when the funds don't price their shares.               

28

P-->49774th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 74th
Other rights we reserve                                                         

You should be aware that we may do any of the following:                        

o        withhold 30% (in 2002 and 2003) of your distributions as federal income
        tax if we have been notified by the IRS that you are subject to backup
      withholding, or if you fail to provide us with a correct taxpayer ID
     number or certification that you are exempt from backup withholding

o        close your account and send you the proceeds if your balance falls     
below $1,000 for Class AARP shareholders, $2,500 for Class S  
    shareholders and $250 for Class S retirement accounts; for Class S
         shareholders, charge you $10 a year if your account balance falls below
      $2,500; in either case, we will give you 60 days notice (90 days for
       retirement accounts) so you can either increase your balance or close
        your account (these policies don't apply to investors with $100,000 or
        more in Scudder fund shares or in any case where a fall in share price
created the low balance)                                      

o        reject a new account application if you don't provide a correct Social 
  Security or other tax ID number; if the account has already been
       opened, we may give you 30 days' notice to provide the correct number

o        pay you for shares you sell by "redeeming in kind," that is, by giving 
         you marketable securities (which typically will involve brokerage costs
        for you to liquidate) rather than cash; the funds generally won't make
      a redemption in kind unless your requests over a 90-day period total
 more than $250,000 or 1% of the value of the fund's net assets,
whichever is less                                             

o        change, add or withdraw various services, fees and account policies    
        (for example, we may change or terminate the exchange privilege at any
time)                                                         

29

P-->49775th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 75th
Understanding Distributions and Taxes                                           

By law, a mutual fund is required to pass through to its shareholders virtually 
all of its net earnings. A fund can earn money in two ways: by receiving        
interest, dividends or other income from securities it holds, and by selling    
securities for more than it paid for them. (A fund's earnings are separate from 
any gains or losses stemming from your own purchase of shares.) A fund may not  
always pay a distribution for a given period.                                   

Each fund intends to pay dividends and distributions to their shareholders in   
November or December, and if necessary may do so at other times as well.        

You can choose how to receive your dividends and distributions. You can have    
them all automatically reinvested in fund shares, all deposited directly to your
bank account or all sent to you by check, have one type reinvested and the other
sent to you by check or have them invested in a different fund. Tell us your    
preference on your application. If you don't indicate a preference, your        
dividends and distributions will all be reinvested. For retirement plans,       
reinvestment is the only option.                                                

Buying and selling fund shares will usually have tax consequences for you       
(except in an IRA or other tax-advantaged account). Your sales of shares may    
result in a capital gain or loss for you; whether long-term or short-term       
depends on how long you owned the shares. For tax purposes, an exchange is the  
same as a sale.                                                                 

THE FOLLOWING SIDEBAR TEXT APPEARS NEXT TO THE PRECEDING PARAGRAPHS.            

Because each shareholder's tax situation is unique, ask your tax professional   
about the tax consequences of your investments, including any state and local   
tax consequences.                                                               

30

P-->49776th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 76th
The tax status of the fund earnings you receive, and your own fund transactions,
generally depends on their type:                                                

Generally taxed at ordinary income rates                                        
---------------------------------------------------------------------           
o short-term capital gains from selling fund shares                             
---------------------------------------------------------------------           
o taxable income dividends you receive from a fund                              
---------------------------------------------------------------------           
o short-term capital gains distributions you receive from a fund                
---------------------------------------------------------------------           

Generally taxed at capital gains rates                                          
---------------------------------------------------------------------           
o long-term capital gains from selling fund shares                              
---------------------------------------------------------------------           
o long-term capital gains distributions you receive from a fund                 
---------------------------------------------------------------------           

You may be able to claim a tax credit or deduction for your share of any foreign
taxes your fund pays.                                                           

Your fund will send you detailed tax information every January. These statements
tell you the amount and the tax category of any dividends or distributions you  
received. They also have certain details on your purchases and sales of shares. 
The tax status of dividends and distributions is the same whether you reinvest  
them or not. Dividends or distributions declared in the last quarter of a given 
year are taxed in that year, even though you may not receive the money until the
following January.                                                              

If you invest right before a fund pays a dividend, you'll be getting some of    
your investment back as a taxable dividend. You can avoid this, if you want, by 
investing after the fund declares a dividend. In tax-advantaged retirement      
accounts you don't need to worry about this.                                    

Corporations may be able to take a dividends-received deduction for a portion of
income dividends they receive from Scudder Global Fund.                         

31

P-->49777th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 77th
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

To Get More Information                                                         

Shareholder reports -- These include commentary from each fund's management team
about recent market conditions and the effects of each fund's strategies on its 
performance. They also have detailed performance figures, a list of everything a
fund owns, and the fund's financial statements. Shareholders get these reports  
automatically.                                                                  

Statement of Additional Information (SAI) -- This tells you more about a fund's 
features and policies, including additional risk information. The SAI is        
incorporated by reference into this document (meaning that it's legally part of 
this prospectus).                                                               

For a free copy of any of these documents or to request other information about 
the fund, call 1-800-253-2277 (Class AARP) or 1-800-SCUDDER (Class S), or       
contact Scudder Investments at the address listed below. These documents and    
other information about a fund are available from the EDGAR Database on the     
SEC's Internet site at www.sec.gov. If you like, you may obtain copies of this  
information, after paying a copying fee, by e-mailing a request to              
publicinfo@sec.gov or by writing the SEC at the address listed below. You can   
also review and copy these documents and other information about each fund,     
including the fund's SAI, at the SEC's Public Reference Room in Washington, D.C.
Information on the operation of the SEC's Public Reference Room may be obtained 
by calling 1-202-942-8090.                                                      

AARP Investment Program from    Scudder Investments  SEC                        
Scudder Investments (Class                                                      
AARP)                           (Class S)                                       
------------------------------------------------------------------------------  
PO Box 219735                   PO Box 219669        Public Reference Section   
Kansas City, MO                 Kansas City, MO      Washington, D.C.           
64121-9735                      64121-9669           20549-0102                 
aarp.scudder.com                myScudder.com        www.sec.gov
1-800-253-2277                  1-800-SCUDDER        1-202-942-8090             

SEC File Numbers                                                                
------------------------------------------------------------------------------  
Scudder Global Fund                                   811-4670                  
Scudder International Fund                            811-642

Distributor                                                                     
Scudder Investor Services, Inc.                                                 
Two International Place Boston, MA 02110-4103

SCUDDER 
INVESTMENTS                                                                     

P-->49778th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 78th
Prospectus                                                    

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
January 1, 2002       
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

      Barrett International Shares
Fund #401             

This prospectus applies to the Barrett International Shares of      
Scudder International Fund.                                         

  As with all mutual funds, the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC)
does not approve or disapprove these shares or determine whether the
    information in this prospectus is truthful or complete. It is a criminal
offense for anyone to inform you otherwise.                         

P-->49779th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 79th
Contents                                                                        
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

How the Fund Works                      How to Invest in the Fund         

4  The Fund's Main Investment          12  How to Buy and Sell Shares 
Strategy                                                        
                                    13  Policies You Should Know
5  The Main Risks of Investing in          About                      
the Fund                                                        
                                       17  Understanding Distributions
8  Other Policies and Risks                and Taxes                  

9  Who Manages and Oversees                                           
the Fund                                                        

10  Financial Highlights                                                

P-->49780th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 80th
How the Fund Works                                                          

On the next few pages, you'll find information about this fund's investment 
 goal, the main strategies it uses to pursue that goal and the main risks that
could affect its performance.                                               

Whether you are considering investing in the fund or are already a          
  shareholder, you'll probably want to look this information over carefully. You
may want to keep it on hand for reference as well.                          

Zurich Scudder Investments, Inc. serves as investment advisor to Scudder    
International Fund. Barrett Associates, Inc. sponsors the Barrett           
International Shares, a class of Scudder International Fund, which are      
described herein.                                                           

Remember that mutual funds are investments, not bank deposits. They're not  
insured or guaranteed by the FDIC or any other government agency, and you   
could lose money by investing in them.                                      

P-->49781st Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 81st
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                       ticker symbol | SIBIX
                                                     fund number   | 401

Barrett International Shares                                                
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The Fund's Main Investment Strategy                                             

The fund seeks long-term growth of capital by investing at least 65% of its     
total assets in foreign equities (equities issued by foreign-based companies and
listed on foreign exchanges). Although the fund can invest in companies of any  
size and from any country, it invests mainly in common stocks of established    
companies in countries with developed economies (other than the United States). 

In choosing common stocks, the portfolio managers use a combination of three    
analytical disciplines:                                                         

Bottom-up research. The managers look for individual companies that have        
financial strength, good business prospects, competitive positioning and        
earnings growth that is above-average for their market segment, among other     
factors.                                                                        

Top-down analysis. The managers consider the economic outlooks for various      
countries and geographical regions, favoring countries that they believe have   
sound economic conditions and open markets.                                     

Analysis of global themes. The managers look for significant changes in the     
business environment, seeking to identify industries that may benefit from these
changes.                                                                        

The managers intend to divide the fund's holdings across industries and         
geographical areas, although, depending on their outlook, they may increase or  
reduce the fund's exposure to a given industry or area.                         

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
OTHER INVESTMENTS The fund may invest up to 20% of net assets in foreign debt   
securities, including convertible bonds. Although the fund is permitted to use  
various types of derivatives (contracts whose value is based on, for example,   
indices, commodities, currencies, or securities), the managers don't intend to  
use them as principal investments and may not use them at all.                  

4 

P-->49782nd Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 82nd
The fund will normally sell a stock when the managers believe its price is      
unlikely to go much higher, its fundamentals have deteriorated, other           
investments offer better opportunities or in the course of adjusting the fund's 
emphasis on a given country.                                                    

The Main Risks of Investing in the Fund                                         

There are several risk factors that could hurt the fund's performance, cause you
to lose money, or make the fund perform less well than other investments.       

As with most stock funds, the most important factor with this fund is how stock 
markets perform -- in this case, foreign markets. When foreign stock prices     
fall, you should expect the value of your investment to fall as well. Foreign   
stocks also tend to be more volatile than their U.S. counterparts, for reasons  
ranging from political and economic uncertainties to a higher risk that         
essential information may be incomplete or wrong. While developed foreign       
markets may be less risky than emerging markets, increasing globalization can   
make any market vulnerable to events elsewhere in the world.                    

A second major factor is currency exchange rates. When the dollar value of a    
foreign currency falls, so does the value of any investments the fund owns that 
are denominated in that currency. This is separate from market risk, and may add
to market losses or reduce market gains.                                        

Because a stock represents ownership in its issuer, stock prices can be hurt by 
poor management, shrinking product demand and other business risks. These may   
affect single companies as well as groups of companies.                         

Other factors that could affect performance include:                            

o        the managers could be wrong in their analysis of industries, companies,
economic trends, geographical areas or other matters          

o        derivatives could produce disproportionate losses                      

o        at times, market conditions might make it hard to value some           
investments or to get an attractive price for them            

THE FOLLOWING SIDEBAR TEXT APPEARS NEXT TO THE PRECEDING PARAGRAPHS.            

This fund is designed for investors interested in a broadly diversified         
international investment with the emphasis squarely on long-term growth of      
capital.                                                                        

5 

P-->49783rd Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 83rd
The Fund's Performance History                                                  

While a fund's past performance isn't necessarily a sign of how it will do in   
the future, it can be valuable for an investor to know.                         

The bar chart shows how the total returns for the fund's Barrett International  
Shares have varied from year to year, which may give some idea of risk. The     
table shows average annual total returns of Barrett International Shares and a  
broad-based market index (which, unlike the fund, does not have any fees or     
expenses).                                                                      

The performance of both the Barrett International Shares and the index varies   
over time. All figures on this page assume reinvestment of dividends and        
distributions.                                                                  

If you would like up-to-date information on the performance of Barrett          
International Shares since inception, call 1-800-728-3337.                      

Barrett International Shares                                                    

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Annual Total Returns (%) as of 12/31 each year                                  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
THE ORIGINAL DOCUMENT CONTAINS A BAR CHART HERE                                 
BAR CHART DATA:                                                                 

1999       58.24                                                                
2000      -19.14                                                                

2001 Total Return as of September 30: -29.66%                                   

For the periods included in the bar chart:                                      
Best Quarter: 30.60%, Q4 1999            Worst Quarter: -9.64%, Q3 2000         

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Average Annual Total Returns (%) as of 12/31/2000                               
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                        1 Year             Since Inception
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Barrett International Shares               -19.14                 10.85*        
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index                                      -13.37                -4.05**        
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Index: Morgan Stanley Capital International (MSCI) Europe, Australia, Far East  
(EAFE) & Canada Index, an unmanaged capitalization-weighted measure of stock    
markets in Europe, Australia, the Far East and Canada.                          

* Inception date for Barrett International Shares is 4/3/1998.                  

** Index comparison begins 3/31/1998.                                           

6 

P-->49784th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 84th
How Much Investors Pay                                                          

Barrett International Shares have no sales charges or other shareholder fees.   
The fund does have annual operating expenses, and as a shareholder of Barrett   
International Shares you pay them indirectly.                                   

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Fee Table                                                                       
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Shareholder Fees, paid directly from your investment                   None     
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Annual Operating Expenses, deducted from fund assets                            
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Management Fee                                                        0.68%     
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Distribution (12b-1) Fee                                               None     
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Other Expenses*                                                        0.38     
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total Annual Operating Expenses                                        1.06     
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

* Includes a fixed rate administrative fee of 0.375%.                           

Based on the costs above, this example helps you compare the expenses of the    
fund's Barrett International Shares to those of other mutual funds. This example
assumes the expenses above remain the same. It also assumes that you invested   
$10,000, earned 5% annual returns, reinvested all dividends and distributions   
and sold your shares at the end of each period. This is only an example; actual 
expenses will be different.                                                     

Example                      1 Year        3 Years       5 Years      10 Years  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Barrett International         $108          $337          $585         $1,294   
Shares                                                                          
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

7 

P-->49785th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 85th
Other Policies and Risks                                                        

While the previous pages describe the main points of the fund's strategy and    
risks, there are a few other issues to know about:                              

o        Although major changes tend to be infrequent, the fund's Board could   
         change the fund's investment goal without seeking shareholder approval.

o        As a temporary defensive measure, the fund could shift up to 100% of   
   its assets into investments such as U.S. or Canadian money market
     securities. This could help prevent losses, but would mean that the
fund was not pursuing its goal.                               

o        The fund may trade securities actively. This could raise transaction   
costs (thus lowering return) and could mean higher taxable    
distributions.                                                

Euro conversion                                                                 

Funds that invest in foreign securities could be affected by accounting         
differences, changes in tax treatment or other issues related to the conversion 
of certain European currencies into the euro, which is well underway. The       
investment advisor is working to address euro-related issues as they occur and  
has been notified that other key service providers are taking similar steps.    
Still, there's some risk that this problem could materially affect a fund's     
operation (including its ability to calculate net asset value and to handle     
purchases and redemptions), its investments or securities markets in general.   

For more information                                                            

This prospectus doesn't tell you about every policy or risk of investing in the 
fund.                                                                           

If you want more information on the fund's allowable securities and investment  
practices and the characteristics and risks of each one, you may want to request
a copy of the SAI (the back cover has information on how to do this).           

Keep in mind that there is no assurance that any mutual fund will achieve its   
goal.                                                                           

8 

P-->49786th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 86th
Who Manages and Oversees the Fund                                               

The investment advisor                                                          

The fund's investment advisor is Zurich Scudder Investments, Inc., 345 Park     
Avenue, New York, NY. The advisor has more than 80 years of experience managing 
mutual funds, and currently has more than $325 billion in assets under          
management. Barrett International Shares are offered exclusively by Barrett     
Associates, Inc., 565 Fifth Avenue, New York, NY.                               

The advisor's asset management teams include investment professionals,          
economists, research analysts, traders, and other investment specialists,       
located in offices across the United States and around the world.               

The advisor receives a management fee from the fund. For the 12 months through  
the most recent fiscal year end, the actual amount the fund paid in management  
fees was 0.68% of its average daily net assets.                                 

The portfolio managers                                                          

The following people handle the day-to-day management of the fund.              

Irene T. Cheng                     Marc J. Slendebroek                          
Lead Portfolio Manager              o  Began investment career in               
o  Began investment career in         1989                                    
1985                            o  Joined the advisor in 1994           
o  Joined the advisor in 1993      o  Joined the fund team in 1999            
o  Joined the fund team in 1998                                               
       Carol L. Franklin
Nicholas Bratt                      o  Began investment career                  
o  Began investment career            in 1975                                 
in 1974                         o  Joined the advisor in 1981           
o  Joined the advisor in 1976      o  Joined the fund team in 1986            
o  Joined the fund team in 1976                                               

9 

P-->49787th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 87th
Financial Highlights                                                            

This table is designed to help you understand the financial performance of the  
Barrett International Shares since inception. The figures in the first part of  
the table are for a single share. The total return figures represent the        
percentage that an investor in the fund would have earned (or lost), assuming   
all dividends and distributions were reinvested. This information has been      
audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, whose report, along with the fund's      
financial statements, is included in the annual report (see "Shareholder        
reports" on the back cover).                                                    

Barrett International Shares                                                    

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                           2001^a    2000^a    1999^b   1999^c
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Selected Per Share Data                                                         
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net asset value, beginning of period        $57.95   $54.94    $50.14   $52.40  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Income (loss) from investment operations:                                       
Net investment income (loss)^d               .19      .25     .25^e    .52^f
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net realized and unrealized gain (loss)   (15.00)    9.45      7.20     2.78
on investment transactions                                                  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total from investment operations          (14.81)    9.70      7.45     3.30
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Less distributions from:                     (.09)    (.19)        --       --  
Net investment income                                                       
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net realized gains on investment          (2.68)   (6.50)    (2.65)   (5.56)
transactions                                                                
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total distributions                       (2.77)   (6.69)    (2.65)   (5.56)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net asset value, end of period              $40.37   $57.95    $54.94   $50.14  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total Return (%)                            (26.42)   17.31    15.27**  6.60**  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Ratios to Average Net Assets and Supplemental Data                              
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net assets, end of period ($ millions)           9       26        25       23  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Ratio of expenses (%)                         1.07      .96     1.03*    1.08*  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Ratio of net investment income (loss) (%)      .43      .39     1.11*    1.02*  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Portfolio turnover rate (%)                     85       83       82*       80  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

^a For the year ended August 31.                                                

^b For the five months ended August 31, 1999. On June 7, 1999, the Fund changed 
its fiscal year end from March 31 to August 31.                           

^c For the period from April 3, 1998 (commencement of sales of Barrett          
International Shares) to March 31, 1999.                                  

^d Based on average shares outstanding during the period.                       

^e Net investment income per share includes non-recurring dividend income       
amounting to $.02 per share.                                              

^f Net investment income per share includes non-recurring dividend income       
amounting to $.09 per share.                                              

*  Annualized                                                                   

** Not annualized                                                               

10

P-->49788th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 88th
How to Invest in the Fund                                                   

The following pages tell you how to invest with us and what to expect as a  
shareholder.                                                                

P-->49789th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 89th
How to Buy and Sell Shares                                                      

Barrett Associates sponsors the Barrett International Shares, and will arrange  
for purchases and sales on your behalf. Please contact your Barrett             
representative by telephone at (202) 983-5080 or in person at 565 Fifth Avenue, 
New York, NY 10017. Additional information appears below:                       

Initial investments in Barrett International Shares require a minimum of        
$25,000. Additional investments can be made in increments of $1,000 or more.    
These minimums may be waived for Directors and Officers of Scudder International
Fund, Inc. and existing shareholders as of April 3, 1998, the date of the       
creation of the Barrett International Shares.                                   

Purchases and sales may also be made by wire and by mail. Contact your Barrett  
representative for further information.                                         

12

P-->49790th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 90th
Policies You Should Know About                                                  

Along with the instructions on the previous pages, the policies below may affect
you as a shareholder. Some of this information, such as the section on dividends
and taxes, applies to all investors, including those investing through          
investment providers.                                                           

If you are investing through an investment provider, check the materials you got
from them. As a general rule, you should follow the information in those        
materials wherever it contradicts the information given here. Please note that  
an investment provider may charge its own fees.                                 

In either case, keep in mind that the information in this prospectus applies    
only to the fund's Barrett International Shares. The fund does have other share 
classes, which are described in separate prospectuses and which have different  
fees, requirements and services.                                                

In order to reduce the amount of mail you receive and to help reduce expenses,  
we generally send a single copy of any shareholder report and prospectus to each
household. If you do not want the mailing of these documents to be combined with
those for other members of your household, please call (800) 854-8525.          

Policies about transactions                                                     

The fund is open for business each day the New York Stock Exchange is open. The 
fund calculates the share price every business day, as of the close of regular  
trading on the Exchange (typically 4 p.m. Eastern time, but sometimes earlier,  
as in the case of scheduled half-day trading or unscheduled suspensions of      
trading).                                                                       

You can place an order to buy or sell shares at any time. Once you instruct     
Barrett Associates to place an order for you with Scudder Service Corporation,  
and it is determined to be in "good order," it will be processed at the next    
share price calculated.                                                         

Because orders placed through Barrett Associates must be forwarded to Scudder   
Service Corporation before they can be processed, you'll need to allow extra    
time. A representative of Barrett Associates should be able to tell you when    
your order will be processed.                                                   

THE FOLLOWING SIDEBAR TEXT APPEARS NEXT TO THE PRECEDING PARAGRAPHS.            

Questions? You can speak to a Scudder representative between 8:30 a.m. and 5:30 
p.m. Eastern time on any fund business day by calling 1-800-854-8525.           

13

P-->49791st Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 91st
When Barrett Associates, on your behalf, asks us to send or receive a wire,     
please note that while we don't charge a fee to send or receive wires, we will  
deduct a $5 fee from all wires sent from us to your bank. Your bank may charge  
its own fees for handling wires. The fund can only accept wires of $100 or more.

The Expedited Redemption Service is designed for investors who want the proceeds
from shares they sell to be automatically wired to a bank account. If the       
proceeds are less than $1,000, we will mail a check to Barrett Associates, on   
your behalf, rather than wiring the funds to your bank account.                 

To use the Expedited Redemption Service, you'll need to set it up in advance.   
Also, please note that if you opened your account by wire, you can't use the    
Expedited Redemption Service until we have received your written application.   

When you want to sell more than $100,000 worth of shares, you'll usually need to
place your order in writing and include a signature guarantee. The only         
exception is if you want money wired to a bank account that is already on file  
with us; in that case, you don't need a signature guarantee.                    

A signature guarantee is simply a certification of your signature -- a valuable 
safeguard against fraud. You can get a signature guarantee from most brokers,   
banks, savings institutions, and credit unions. Note that you can't get a       
signature guarantee from a notary public.                                       

Money from shares you sell is normally sent out within one business day of when 
your order is processed (not when it is received), although it could be delayed 
for up to seven days. There are also two circumstances when it could be longer: 
when you are selling shares you bought recently by check and that check hasn't  
cleared yet (maximum delay: 15 days) or when unusual circumstances prompt the   
SEC to allow further delays.                                                    

14

P-->49792nd Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 92nd
How the fund calculates share price                                             

The price at which you buy shares is the net asset value per share, or NAV. To  
calculate NAV, a share class of the fund uses the following equation, taking    
figures for Barrett International Shares only:                                  

TOTAL ASSETS - TOTAL LIABILITIES                                            
-------------------------------------  = NAV                                    
TOTAL NUMBER OF SHARES OUTSTANDING                                            

We typically use market prices to value securities. However, when a market price
isn't available, or when we have reason to believe it doesn't represent market  
realities, we may use fair value methods approved by the fund's Board. In such a
case, the fund's value for a security is likely to be different from quoted     
market prices.                                                                  

To the extent that the fund invests in securities that are traded primarily in  
foreign markets, the value of its holdings could change at a time when you      
aren't able to buy or sell fund shares. This is because some foreign markets are
open on days or at times when the fund doesn't price its shares.                

15

P-->49793rd Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 93rd
Other rights we reserve                                                         

You should be aware that we may do any of the following:                        

o        withhold 30% (in 2002 and 2003) of your distributions as federal income
         tax if you have been notified by the IRS that you are subject to backup
      withholding, or if you fail to provide us with a correct taxpayer ID
     number or certification that you are exempt from backup withholding

o        close your account and send you the proceeds if your balance falls     
        below $25,000 and, after 30 days' notice, you haven't either increased
         your balance or closed your account; this policy doesn't apply in cases
    where a fall in share price created the low balance, and it may be
waived in certain cases or for certain investors              

o        reject a new account application if you don't provide a correct Social 
  Security or other tax ID number; if the account has already been
       opened, we may give you 30 days' notice to provide the correct number

o        pay you for shares you sell by "redeeming in kind," that is, by giving 
         you marketable securities (which typically will involve brokerage costs
         for you to liquidate) rather than cash; the fund generally won't make a
         redemption in kind unless your requests over a 90-day period total more
         than $250,000 or 1% of the value of the fund's net assets, whichever is
less                                                          

o        change, add or withdraw various services, fees, and account policies   
       (for example we may change or terminate the exchange privilege at any
time)                                                         

16

P-->49794th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 94th
Understanding Distributions and Taxes                                           

By law, a mutual fund is required to pass through to its shareholders virtually 
all of its net earnings. A fund can earn money in two ways: by receiving        
interest, dividends or other income from securities it holds, and by selling    
securities for more than it paid for them. (A fund's earnings are separate from 
any gains or losses stemming from your own purchase of shares.) A fund may not  
always pay a distribution for a given period.                                   

The fund intends to pay dividends and distributions to its shareholders annually
in November or December, or as otherwise needed.                                

You can choose how to receive your dividends and distributions. You can have    
them all automatically reinvested in fund shares, all deposited directly to your
bank account, all sent to you by check, have one type reinvested and the other  
sent to you by check or have them invested in a different fund. Tell us your    
preference on your application. If you don't indicate a preference, your        
dividends and distributions will all be reinvested.                             

Buying and selling fund shares will usually have tax consequences for you       
(except in an IRA or other tax-advantaged account). Your sales of shares may    
result in a capital gain or loss for you; whether long-term or short-term       
depends on how long you owned the shares. For tax purposes, an exchange is the  
same as a sale.                                                                 

THE FOLLOWING TEXT APPEARS NEXT TO THE PRECEDING PARAGRAPHS.                    

Because each shareholder's tax situation is unique, ask your tax professional or
Barrett Associates representative about the tax consequences of your            
investments, including any state and local tax consequences.                    

17

P-->49795th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 95th
The tax status of the fund earnings you receive, and your own fund transactions,
generally depends on their type:                                                

Generally taxed at ordinary income rates                                        
---------------------------------------------------------------------           
o  short-term capital gains from selling fund shares                            
---------------------------------------------------------------------           
o  taxable income dividends you receive from the fund                           
---------------------------------------------------------------------           
o  short-term capital gains distributions you receive from the fund             
---------------------------------------------------------------------           
Generally taxed at capital gains rates                                          
---------------------------------------------------------------------           
o  long-term capital gains from selling fund shares                             
---------------------------------------------------------------------           
o  long-term capital gains distributions you receive from the fund              
---------------------------------------------------------------------           

You may be able to claim a tax credit or deduction for your share of any foreign
taxes the fund pays.                                                            

The fund will send detailed tax information every January to Barrett Associates,
who will forward it to you. These statements tell you the amount and the tax    
category of any dividends or distributions you received. They also have certain 
details on your purchases and sales of shares. The tax status of dividends and  
distributions is the same whether you reinvest them or not. Dividends or        
distributions declared in the last quarter of a given year are taxed in that    
year, even though you may not receive the money until the following January.    

If you invest right before the fund pays a dividend, you'll be getting some of  
your investment back as a taxable dividend. You can avoid this, if you want, by 
investing after the fund declares a dividend. In tax-advantaged retirement      
accounts you don't need to worry about this.                                    

18

P-->49796th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 96th
Notes                                                                           
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

P-->49797th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 97th
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

To Get More Information                                                         

Shareholder reports -- These include commentary from the fund's management team 
about recent market conditions and the effects of the fund's strategies on its  
performance. They also have detailed performance figures, a list of everything  
the fund owns, and the fund's financial statements. Shareholders get these      
reports automatically.                                                          

Statement of Additional Information (SAI) -- This tells you more about the      
fund's features and policies, including additional risk information. The SAI is 
incorporated by reference into this document (meaning that it's legally part of 
this prospectus).                                                               

For a free copy of any of these documents or to request other information about 
the fund, call 1-212-983-5080 (Barrett Associates), or contact Scudder          
Investments at the address listed below. These documents and other information  
about the fund are available from the EDGAR Database on the SEC's Internet site 
at www.sec.gov. If you like, you may obtain copies of this information, after   
paying a copying fee, by e-mailing a request to publicinfo@sec.gov or by writing
the SEC at the address listed below. You can also review and copy these         
documents and other information about the fund, including the fund's SAI, at the
SEC's Public Reference Room in Washington, D.C. Information on the operation of 
the SEC's Public Reference Room may be obtained by calling 1-202-942-8090.      

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Barrett Associates, Inc.        Scudder Funds        SEC                        
----------------------------------------------------------------                

565 Fifth Avenue                PO Box 219669        Public Reference Section   
New York, NY                    Kansas City, MO      Washington, D.C. 20549-0102
10017                           64121-9669           www.sec.gov                
1-212-983-5080                  1-800-854-8525       1-202-942-8090             

SEC File Number                                                                 
----------------------------------------------------------------                

Barrett International Shares                            811-642

Distributor                                                                     
Scudder Investor Services, Inc.                                                 
Two International Place Boston, MA 02110-4103

SCUDDER 
INVESTMENTS                                                                     

P-->49798th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 98th
 SCUDDER
                                                                     INVESTMENTS

Supplement to the currently  effective  Statement of Additional  Information for
each of the listed funds:                                                       

Scudder 21st Century Growth Fund                                                
Scudder Aggressive Growth Fund                                                  
Scudder Blue Chip Fund                                                          
Scudder Balanced Fund                                                           
Scudder California Tax-Free Income Fund                                         
Scudder Capital Growth Fund                                                     
Scudder Cash Investment Trust                                                   
Scudder Cash Reserves Fund                                                      
Scudder Contrarian Fund                                                         
Scudder Development Fund                                                        
Scudder Dividend & Growth Fund                                                  
Scudder-Dreman Financial Services Fund                                          
Scudder-Dreman High Return Equity Fund                                          
Scudder Dynamic Growth Fund                                                     
Scudder Emerging Markets Growth Fund                                            
Scudder Emerging Markets Income Fund                                            
Scudder Floating Rate Fund                                                      
Scudder Florida Tax-Free Income Fund                                            
Scudder Focus Growth Fund                                                       
Scudder Focus Value+Growth Fund                                                 
Scudder Global Bond Fund                                                        
Scudder Global Discovery Fund                                                   
Scudder Global Fund                                                             
Scudder GNMA Fund                                                               
Scudder Gold Fund                                                               
Scudder Greater Europe Growth Fund                                              
Scudder Growth Fund                                                             
Scudder Growth and Income Fund                                                  
Scudder Health Care Fund                                                        
Scudder High-Yield Fund                                                         
Scudder High-Yield Opportunity Fund                                             
Scudder High-Yield Tax-Free Fund                                                
Scudder Income Fund                                                             
Scudder International Fund                                                      
Scudder International Research Fund                                             
Scudder Large Company Growth Fund                                               
Scudder Large Company Value Fund                                                
Scudder Latin America Fund                                                      
Scudder Managed Municipal Bonds                                                 
Scudder Massachusetts Tax-Free Fund                                             
Scudder Medium-Term Tax-Free Fund                                               
Scudder Money Market Series                                                     
Scudder New Europe Fund                                                         
Scudder New York Tax-Free Income Fund                                           
Scudder Pacific Opportunities Fund                                              
Scudder Pathway Series: Conservative Portfolio                                  
Scudder Pathway Series: Growth Portfolio                                        
Scudder Pathway Series: Moderate Portfolio                                      
Scudder Research Fund                                                           
Scudder Retirement Fund -- Series III                                           
Scudder Retirement Fund -- Series IV                                            
Scudder Retirement Fund -- Series V                                             
Scudder Retirement Fund -- Series VI                                            
Scudder Retirement Fund -- Series VII                                           
Scudder S&P 500 Index Fund                                                      
Scudder S&P 500 Stock Fund                                                      
Scudder Select 500 Fund                                                         
Scudder Select 1000 Growth Fund                                                 
Scudder Short-Term Bond Fund                                                    
Scudder Small Cap Value Fund                                                    
Scudder Small Company Stock Fund                                                
Scudder Small Company Value Fund                                                
Scudder Strategic Income Fund                                                   
Scudder Target 2010 Fund                                                        
Scudder Target 2011 Fund                                                        
Scudder Tax Free Money Fund                                                     
Scudder Technology Fund                                                         
Scudder Technology Innovation Fund                                              
Scudder Total Return Fund                                                       
Scudder U.S. Government Securities Fund                                         
Scudder U.S. Treasury Money Fund                                                
Scudder Worldwide 2004 Fund                                                     
The Japan Fund, Inc.                                                            

Scudder Variable Series I                                                       
21st Century Growth Portfolio                                             
Balanced Portfolio                                                        
Bond Portfolio                                                            
Capital Growth Portfolio                                                  
Global Discovery Portfolio                                                
Growth and Income Portfolio                                               
Health Sciences Portfolio                                                 
International Portfolio                                                   
Money Market Portfolio                                                    

Scudder Variable Series II                                                      
Scudder Aggressive Growth Portfolio                                       
Scudder Blue Chip Portfolio                                               
Scudder Contrarian Value Portfolio                                        
Scudder Focus Value+Growth Portfolio                                      
Scudder Global Blue Chip Portfolio                                        
Scudder Government Securities Portfolio                                   
Scudder Growth Portfolio                                                  
Scudder High Yield Portfolio                                              
Scudder International Research Portfolio                                  
Scudder Investment Grade Bond Portfolio                                   
Scudder Money Market Portfolio                                            
Scudder New Europe Portfolio                                              
Scudder Small Cap Growth Portfolio                                        
Scudder Small Cap Value Portfolio                                         
Scudder Strategic Income Portfolio                                        
Scudder Technology Growth Portfolio                                       
Scudder Total Return Portfolio                                            
SVS Dreman Financial Services Portfolio                                   
SVS Dreman High Return Equity Portfolio                                   
SVS Dynamic Growth Portfolio                                              
SVS Focused Large Cap Growth Portfolio                                    
SVS Growth And Income Portfolio                                           
SVS Growth Opportunities Portfolio                                        
SVS Index 500 Portfolio                                                   
SVS Mid Cap Growth Portfolio                                              
SVS Strategic Equity Portfolio                                            
SVS Venture Value Portfolio                                               

Cash Account Trust                                                              
Money Market Portfolio                                                    
Government Securities Portfolio                                           
Tax-Exempt Portfolio                                                      

Cash Equivalent Fund                                                            
Money Market Portfolio                                                    
Government Securities Portfolio                                           
Tax-Exempt Portfolio                                                      

Investors Cash Trust                                                            
Government Securities Portfolio                                           
Treasury Portfolio                                                        

Investors Municipal Cash Fund                                                   
Investors Florida Municipal Cash Fund                                     
Investors Michigan Municipal Cash Fund                                    
Investors New Jersey Municipal Cash Fund                                  
Investors Pennsylvania Municipal Cash Fund                                
Tax-Exempt New York Money Market Fund                                     

Tax-Exempt California Money Market Fund                                         

Zurich Money Funds                                                              
Zurich Money Market Fund                                                  
Zurich Government Money Fund                                              
Zurich Tax-Free Money Fund                                                

Zurich YieldWise Funds                                                          
Zurich YieldWise Money Fund                                               
Zurich YieldWise Government Money Fund                                    
Zurich YieldWise Municipal Money Fund                                     

On December 4, 2001,  Deutsche Bank and Zurich Financial Services announced that
they have signed a definitive  agreement  under which Deutsche Bank will acquire
100% of Zurich  Scudder  Investments,  Inc.  ("Scudder"),  with the exception of
Threadneedle Investments in the U.K. Because the transaction would constitute an
assignment of the Funds' investment management agreements with Scudder under the
Investment  Company  Act  of  1940  and,  therefore,   a  termination  of  those
agreements,  Scudder  intends to seek approval of new agreements from the Funds'
shareholders. The transaction is expected to be completed, subject to regulatory
approval and satisfaction of other conditions, in the first half of 2002.       

December 11, 2001                                                               

P-->49799th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 99th
 SCUDDER GLOBAL FUND
 A series of Global/International Fund, Inc.

SCUDDER INTERNATIONAL FUND
                                  A series of Scudder International Fund, Inc.

 Class AARP and Class S Shares

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 STATEMENT OF ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
January 1, 2002

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

This combined Statement of Additional Information is not a prospectus and should
be read in conjunction with the prospectuses for Scudder Global Fund and Scudder
International  Fund dated  January 1, 2002, as amended from time to time, a copy
of which may be obtained without charge by writing to Scudder Investor Services,
Inc., Two International Place, Boston, Massachusetts 02110-4103.                

The  Annual  Report to  Shareholders  for each Fund dated  August  31,  2001 are
incorporated  by  reference  and hereby  deemed to be part of this  Statement of
Additional  Information.  The Annual  Reports may be obtained  without charge by
calling 1-800-SCUDDER.                                                          

P-->497100th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 100th
 TABLE OF CONTENTS

                                                                            Page

INVESTMENT RESTRICTIONS........................................................1

INVESTMENT POLICIES AND TECHNIQUES.............................................2

MANAGEMENT OF THE FUND........................................................24
 Investment Advisor...................................................24
         Brokerage Commissions................................................28
         Administrative Agreement.............................................29
         Distributor..........................................................30

FUND SERVICE PROVIDERS........................................................31
 Transfer Agent.......................................................31
         Custodian............................................................31
         Auditors.............................................................31
         Legal Counsel........................................................31
         Fund Accounting Agent................................................31
         Retirement Service Provider..........................................32

PERFORMANCE...................................................................32

PURCHASES AND REDEMPTION OF SHARES............................................34
 Special Plan Accounts................................................42

DIVIDENDS, CAPITAL GAINS AND TAXES............................................45

NET ASSET VALUE...............................................................50

DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS........................................................51
 Beneficial Ownership.................................................53

FUND ORGANIZATION AND SHAREHOLDER RIGHTS......................................55

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION........................................................57

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS..........................................................58

APPENDIX......................................................................59

P-->497101st Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 101st
 INVESTMENT RESTRICTIONS

The fundamental  policies of Scudder Global Fund and Scudder  International Fund
(each a "Fund,"  collectively  the  "Funds")  set forth below may not be changed
without the approval of a majority of a Fund's  outstanding  shares.  As used in
this Statement of Additional  Information,  a "majority of a Fund's  outstanding
shares" means the lesser of (1) 67% or more of the voting securities  present at
such  meeting,  if the  holders  of  more  than  50% of the  outstanding  voting
securities of a Fund are present or represented  by proxy;  or (2) more than 50%
of the  outstanding  voting  securities  of a Fund.  Each Fund has elected to be
classified as a diversified series of an open-end investment company.           

If a percentage  restriction on investment or utilization of assets as set forth
under "Investment Restrictions" and "Other Investment Policies" below is adhered
to at the time an  investment  is made, a later change in  percentage  resulting
from  changes  in the value or the  total  cost of a Fund's  assets  will not be
considered a violation of the restriction.                                      

In addition, as a matter of fundamental policy, each Fund may not:              

1.       borrow money,  except as permitted under the Investment  Company Act of
         1940,  as  amended,  and  as  interpreted  or  modified  by  regulatory
authority having jurisdiction, from time to time;             

2.       issue  senior  securities,  except as  permitted  under the  Investment
         Company Act of 1940,  as  amended,  and as  interpreted  or modified by
regulatory authority having jurisdiction, from time to time;  

3.       concentrate its investments in a particular  industry,  as that term is
         used  in  the  Investment  Company  Act of  1940,  as  amended,  and as
         interpreted or modified by regulatory  authority  having  jurisdiction,
from time to time;                                            

4.       engage in the  business of  underwriting  securities  issued by others,
         except to the extent  that the Fund may be deemed to be an  underwriter
in connection with the disposition of portfolio securities;   

5.       purchase or sell real estate, which term does not include securities of
         companies which deal in real estate or mortgages or investments secured
         by real estate or  interests  therein,  except  that the Fund  reserves
         freedom of action to hold and to sell real estate  acquired as a result
of the Fund's ownership of securities;                        

6.       purchase  physical   commodities  or  contracts  relating  to  physical
commodities; or                                               

7.       make loans  except as  permitted  under the  Investment  Company Act of
         1940,  as  amended,  and  as  interpreted  or  modified  by  regulatory
authority having jurisdiction, from time to time.             

With respect to fundamental  policy number five above, the Funds have no current
intention  to hold  and  sell  real  estate  acquired  as a  result  of a Fund's
ownership of securities.                                                        

The   Directors  of  each   Corporation   have   voluntarily   adopted   certain
non-fundamental policies and restrictions which are observed in the conduct of a
Fund's affairs.  These represent  intentions of the Directors based upon current
circumstances. They differ from fundamental investment policies in that they may
be changed or amended by action of the Directors  without requiring prior notice
to or approval of the shareholders.                                             

As a matter of nonfundamental policy, each Fund does not currently intend to:   

1.       borrow money in an amount  greater than 5% of its total assets,  except
         (i) for temporary or emergency purposes and (ii) by engaging in reverse
         repurchase   agreements,   dollar  rolls,   or  other   investments  or
         transactions  described in the Fund's registration  statement which may
be deemed to be borrowings;                                   

2.       enter into either of reverse  repurchase  agreements or dollar rolls in
an amount greater than 5% of its total assets;                

P-->497102nd Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 102nd
3.       purchase  securities  on margin or make short  sales,  except (i) short
         sales against the box, (ii) in connection with arbitrage  transactions,
         (iii) for margin deposits in connection with futures contracts, options
         or other  permitted  investments,  (iv) that  transactions  in  futures
         contracts  and  options  shall  not be  deemed  to  constitute  selling
         securities  short,  and (v) that the Fund may  obtain  such  short-term
         credits  as  may  be  necessary   for  the   clearance  of   securities
transactions;                                                 

4.       purchase  options,  unless  the  aggregate  premiums  paid on all  such
         options  held by the Fund at any time do not  exceed  20% of its  total
         assets; or sell put options, if as a result, the aggregate value of the
         obligations  underlying  such put options would exceed 50% of its total
assets;                                                       

5.       enter  into  futures  contracts  or  purchase  options  thereon  unless
         immediately  after the  purchase,  the value of the  aggregate  initial
         margin with respect to such futures contracts entered into on behalf of
         the Fund and the premiums  paid for such  options on futures  contracts
         does not exceed 5% of the fair market value of the Fund's total assets;
         provided that in the case of an option that is in-the-money at the time
         of purchase,  the in-the-money  amount may be excluded in computing the
5% limit;                                                     

6.       purchase warrants if as a result,  such securities,  taken at the lower
         of cost or market value,  would  represent more than 5% of the value of
         the Fund's total assets (for this purpose,  warrants  acquired in units
 or attached to securities will be deemed to have no value); and

7.       lend  portfolio  securities  in an amount  greater than 5% of its total
assets.                                                       

The  foregoing  nonfundamental  policies  are in addition to policies  otherwise
stated in the Prospectus or in this Statement of Additional Information.        

INVESTMENT POLICIES AND TECHNIQUES

Scudder   Global   Fund   ("Global   Fund")  and  Scudder   International   Fund
("International  Fund") are each an open-end management investment company which
continuously  offers  and  redeems  shares  at net asset  value.  Each Fund is a
company  of  the  type  commonly  known  as a  mutual  fund.  Global  Fund  is a
diversified series of  Global/International  Fund, Inc.  International Fund is a
diversified  series of Scudder  International  Fund, Inc. (each a "Corporation,"
collectively  the  "Corporations").  Global Fund offers five  classes of shares,
Class  AARP,  Class S, Class A, Class B and Class C shares.  International  Fund
offers  seven  classes of shares:  Class AARP,  Class S,  Barrett  International
Shares,  Class A, Class B,  Class C, and Class I shares.  Each class has its own
important  features and  policies.  Only Class AARP and Class S of each Fund are
offered  herein.  Shares of Class AARP are  especially  designed  for members of
AARP.                                                                           

Except as  otherwise  indicated,  each Fund's  objectives  and  policies are not
fundamental  and may be  changed  without a  shareholder  vote.  There can be no
assurance that the Funds will achieve their objectives.  If there is a change in
a Fund's investment  objective,  shareholders  should consider whether that Fund
remains  an  appropriate  investment  in light of their then  current  financial
position and needs.                                                             

Descriptions  in  this  Statement  of  Additional  Information  of a  particular
investment  practice or  technique  in which the Funds may engage (such as short
selling,  hedging, etc.) or a financial instrument in which the Funds may invest
(such as  options,  forward  foreign  currency  contracts,  etc.)  are  meant to
describe the spectrum of investments that Zurich Scudder Investments,  Inc. (the
"Advisor"), in its discretion,  might, but is not required to, use in managing a
Fund's portfolio assets. The Advisor may, in its discretion,  at any time employ
such  practice,  technique or  instrument  for one or more funds but not for all
funds advised by it. Furthermore, it is possible that certain types of financial
instruments  or  investment  techniques  described  herein may not be available,
permissible,  economically  feasible or effective for their intended purposes in
all markets. Certain practices,  techniques, or instruments may not be principal
activities of a Fund but, to the extent employed, could from time to time have a
material impact on that Fund's performance.                                     

Scudder Global Fund                                                             

The Fund seeks long-term  growth while actively  seeking to reduce downside risk
as  compared  with  other  global  growth  funds.  The Fund  will not  invest in
securities issued by tobacco-producing  companies.  Although the Fund can       

2 

P-->497103rd Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 103rd
invest in companies of any size, it generally  focuses on established  companies
whose  stocks  are  listed on a  recognized  exchange.  While most of the Fund's
equities  are  common  stocks,  some may be other  types  of  equities,  such as
convertible stocks,  preferred stocks and depository receipts. The Fund may also
buy investment  grade debt securities when it believes they may perform at least
as well as equities.                                                            

The  management of the Fund believes that there is substantial  opportunity  for
long-term  capital growth from a professionally  managed portfolio of securities
selected  from  the  U.S.  and  foreign  equity  markets.  Through  this  global
investment  framework,  management  seeks to take  advantage  of the  investment
opportunities  created  by the  global  economy.  The  world has  become  highly
integrated in economic,  industrial and financial terms.  Companies increasingly
operate  globally  as they  purchase  raw  materials,  produce  and  sell  their
products, and raise capital. As a result, international trends such as movements
in currency  and trading  relationships  are  becoming  more  important  to many
industries than purely domestic influences.  To understand a company's business,
it is  frequently  more  important to  understand  how it is linked to the world
economy than whether or not it is, for example, a U.S., French or Swiss company.
Just as a company takes a global  perspective in deciding  where to operate,  so
too may an investor  benefit from looking  globally in deciding which industries
are growing,  which  producers  are efficient  and which  companies'  shares are
undervalued.  The Fund  affords the investor  access to potential  opportunities
wherever they arise,  without being  constrained  by the location of a company's
headquarters or the trading market for its shares.                              

The Fund invests in companies that the Advisor believes will benefit from global
economic  trends,  promising  technologies  or  products  and  specific  country
opportunities  resulting  from  changing  geopolitical,  currency,  or  economic
considerations.  It is expected that  investments  will be spread broadly around
the world. The Fund will be invested usually in securities of issuers located in
at least three countries,  one of which may be the U.S. The Fund may be invested
100% in non-U.S.  issues,  and for temporary  defensive purposes may be invested
100% in U.S.  issues,  although under normal  circumstances  it is expected that
both foreign and U.S.  investments will be represented in the Fund's  portfolio.
It is expected  that  investments  will include  companies  of varying  sizes as
measured by assets,  sales,  or  capitalization.  The Fund generally  invests in
equity securities of established  companies listed on U.S. or foreign securities
exchanges,  but also may invest in securities traded  over-the-counter.  It also
may invest in debt securities convertible into common stock, and convertible and
non-convertible  preferred stock,  and  fixed-income  securities of governments,
governmental  agencies,  supranational  agencies and companies  when the Advisor
believes the potential for appreciation will equal or exceed that available from
investments in equity securities. In addition, for temporary defensive purposes,
the Fund may vary from its investment  policies  during periods when the Advisor
determines that it is advisable to do so because of conditions in the securities
markets or other economic or political conditions. During such periods, the Fund
may hold without limit cash and cash equivalents. It is impossible to accurately
predict for how long such alternative  strategies may be utilized.  The Fund may
not invest more than 5% of its total  assets in debt  securities  that are rated
Baa or below by Moody's Investors Service,  Inc.  ("Moody's") or BBB or below by
Standard and Poor's Ratings Services,  a division of The McGraw-Hill  Companies,
Inc.  ("S&P"),  or deemed by the Advisor to be of comparable  quality  (commonly
referred  to as "high  yield" or "junk"  bonds).  More  information  about these
investment techniques is provided under "Investments and Investment Techniques."

The managers use  analytical  tools to monitor  actively the risk profile of the
portfolio as compared to comparable  funds and  appropriate  benchmarks and peer
groups.  The managers use several strategies in seeking to reduce downside risk,
including: (i) diversifying broadly among companies,  industries,  countries and
regions; (ii) focusing on high-quality companies with reasonable valuations; and
(iii) generally  focusing on countries with developed  economies.  The portfolio
managers'  attempts to manage  downside  risk may also reduce  performance  in a
strong market.                                                                  

The Fund is intended to provide  individual and institutional  investors with an
opportunity  to  invest  a  portion  of  their  assets  in a  globally  oriented
portfolio,  and is  designed  for  long-term  investors  who can  accept  global
investment  risk.  The Advisor  believes  that  allocation of assets on a global
basis  decreases  the degree to which events in any one country,  including  the
U.S., will affect an investor's entire investment holdings.  In the period since
World War II, many leading  foreign  economies  have grown more rapidly than the
U.S. economy, thus providing investment opportunities;  although there can be no
assurance  that  this  will  be  true  in the  future.  As  with  any  long-term
investment, the value of the Fund's shares when sold may be higher or lower than
when purchased.                                                                 

Investors should recognize that investing in foreign securities involves certain
special considerations, including those set forth below, which are not typically
associated  with  investing  in U.S.  securities  and  which  may  favorably  or
unfavorably  affect  the  Fund's  performance.  As  foreign  companies  are  not
generally subject to uniform standards,                                         

3 

P-->497104th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 104th
practices and requirements,  with respect to accounting,  auditing and financial
reporting,  as are  domestic  companies,  there may be less  publicly  available
information about a foreign company than about a domestic company.  Many foreign
securities  markets,   while  growing  in  volume  of  trading  activity,   have
substantially  less volume than the U.S. market,  and securities of some foreign
issuers are less liquid and more volatile than  securities of domestic  issuers.
Similarly, volume and liquidity in most foreign bond markets is less than in the
U.S. and, at times, volatility of price can be greater than in the U.S. Further,
foreign  markets have  different  clearance  and  settlement  procedures  and in
certain markets there have been times when  settlements have been unable to keep
pace with the volume of securities  transactions  making it difficult to conduct
such  transactions.  Delays in settlement could result in temporary periods when
assets of the Fund are uninvested and no return is earned thereon. The inability
of the Fund to make intended security purchases due to settlement problems could
cause the Fund to miss attractive investment opportunities. Inability to dispose
of portfolio securities due to settlement problems either could result in losses
to the Fund due to subsequent declines in value of the portfolio security or, if
the Fund has  entered  into a contract  to sell the  security,  could  result in
possible  liability  to  the  purchaser.   Fixed  commissions  on  some  foreign
securities  exchanges  and bid to asked  spreads in  foreign  bond  markets  are
generally higher than negotiated  commissions on U.S. exchanges and bid to asked
spreads in the U.S. bond market,  although the Fund will endeavor to achieve the
most favorable net results on their portfolio  transactions.  Further,  the Fund
may  encounter  difficulties  or be unable to pursue  legal  remedies and obtain
judgments in foreign courts.  There is generally less  governmental  supervision
and regulation of business and industry practices, securities exchanges, brokers
and listed  companies  than in the U.S. It may be more  difficult for the Fund's
agents  to keep  currently  informed  about  corporate  actions  such  as  stock
dividends or other matters which may affect the prices of portfolio  securities.
Communications  between the U.S. and foreign countries may be less reliable than
within the U.S.,  thus  increasing the risk of delayed  settlements of portfolio
transactions  or loss of  certificates  for  portfolio  securities.  Payment for
securities  without  delivery  may be required in certain  foreign  markets.  In
addition, with respect to certain foreign countries, there is the possibility of
expropriation  or confiscatory  taxation,  political or social  instability,  or
diplomatic  developments which could affect U.S. investments in those countries.
Investments  in  foreign  securities  may also  entail  certain  risks,  such as
possible  currency  blockages or transfer  restrictions,  and the  difficulty of
enforcing rights in other countries.  Moreover, individual foreign economies may
differ favorably or unfavorably from the U.S. economy in such respects as growth
of gross national product,  rate of inflation,  capital  reinvestment,  resource
self-sufficiency  and balance of payments  position.  The management of the Fund
seeks to mitigate the risks associated with the foregoing considerations through
continuous professional management.                                             

These  considerations  generally are more of a concern in developing  countries.
For  example,  the  possibility  of  revolution  and the  dependence  on foreign
economic  assistance  may be  greater  in  these  countries  than  in  developed
countries.  Investments  in companies  domiciled in developing  countries may be
subject to potentially greater risks than investments in developed countries.   

Investments  in foreign  securities  usually will involve  currencies of foreign
countries.  Because  of the  considerations  discussed  above,  the value of the
assets of the Fund as measured in U.S.  dollars  may be  affected  favorably  or
unfavorably by changes in foreign  currency  exchange rates and exchange control
regulations, and the Fund may incur costs in connection with conversions between
various  currencies.  Although the Fund values its assets daily in terms of U.S.
dollars,  it does not intend to convert its holdings of foreign  currencies into
U.S.  dollars on a daily basis.  It will do so from time to time,  and investors
should be aware of the costs of currency  conversion.  Although foreign exchange
dealers do not charge a fee for  conversion,  they do realize a profit  based on
the difference  (the  "spread")  between the prices at which they are buying and
selling various currencies.  Thus, a dealer may offer to sell a foreign currency
to the Fund at one rate,  while  offering a lesser rate of  exchange  should the
Fund desire to resell that  currency to the dealer.  The Fund will conduct their
foreign currency exchange  transactions  either on a spot (i.e.,  cash) basis at
the spot rate prevailing in the foreign  currency  exchange  market,  or through
entering  into  strategic  transactions  involving  currencies  (see  "Strategic
Transactions and Derivatives").                                                 

Because the Fund may be invested in both U.S.  and foreign  securities  markets,
changes in the Fund's share price may have a low  correlation  with movements in
the U.S. markets.  The Fund's share price will reflect the movements of both the
different  stock and bond markets in which it is invested and of the  currencies
in which the investments are  denominated;  the strength or weakness of the U.S.
dollar against foreign  currencies may account for part of the Fund's investment
performance.  Foreign  securities  such as  those  purchased  by the Fund may be
subject to  foreign  governmental  taxes  which  could  reduce the yield on such
securities,  although  a  shareholder  of  the  Fund  may,  subject  to  certain
limitations,  be entitled to claim a credit or deduction for U.S. federal income
tax purposes for his or her  proportionate  share of such foreign  taxes paid by
the Fund.  U.S. and foreign  securities  markets do not always move             

4 

P-->497105th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 105th
in step with each other,  and the total returns from different  markets may vary
significantly.  The Fund invests in many securities  markets around the world in
an attempt to take advantage of opportunities wherever they may arise.          

Because  of  the  Fund's  investment  considerations  discussed  above  and  the
investment policies, investment in shares of a Fund is not intended to provide a
complete investment program for an investor.                                    

The Fund cannot  guarantee a gain or eliminate  the risk of loss.  The net asset
value of the Fund's  shares will increase or decrease with changes in the market
price of the  Fund's  investments,  and there is no  assurance  that the  Fund's
objectives will be achieved.                                                    

Scudder International Fund                                                      

The Fund seeks  long-term  growth of capital  by  investing  at least 65% of its
total assets in foreign equities (equities issued by foreign-based companies and
listed on foreign  exchanges.) These securities are selected primarily to permit
the Fund to participate in non-U.S. companies and economies that are believed to
have prospects for growth.                                                      

The Fund invests in companies,  wherever organized,  which do business primarily
outside the United States.                                                      

The Fund generally invests in equity securities of established companies, listed
on foreign  exchanges  (although the Fund may also invest in  securities  traded
over the counter),  which the Advisor  believes have favorable  characteristics.
The  Fund's  equity   investments   include   common  stock,   convertible   and
non-convertible  preferred stock, sponsored and unsponsored depository receipts,
and warrants.                                                                   

When the Advisor  believes that it is  appropriate  to do so in order to achieve
the Fund's investment objective of long-term capital growth, the Fund may invest
up to 20% of its total assets in debt securities.  Such debt securities  include
debt   securities   of   governments,   governmental   agencies,   supranational
organizations  and private issuers,  including bonds denominated in the European
Currency Unit (the "Euro").  Portfolio debt  investments will be selected on the
basis of,  among  other  things,  yield,  credit  quality,  and the  fundamental
outlooks for currency and interest rate trends in different  parts of the globe,
taking  into  account  the  ability to hedge a degree of  currency or local bond
price risk. The value of fixed-income investments will fluctuate with changes in
interest  rates and bond market  conditions,  tending to rise as interest  rates
decline and decline as interest rates rise. The Fund will predominantly purchase
"investment-grade"  bonds, which are those rated Aaa, Aa, A or Baa by Moody's or
AAA,  AA,  A or BBB by S&P  or,  if  unrated,  judged  by the  Advisor  to be of
equivalent  quality.  The Fund may also  invest up to 5% of its total  assets in
debt securities which are rated below investment-grade (see "Risk factors").    

The Fund intends to diversify  investments  among several countries and normally
to have  investments in securities of at least three  different  countries other
than the U.S. The Fund will invest  primarily in securities of issuers in the 21
developed foreign countries included in the Morgan Stanley Capital International
("MSCI") Europe,  Australia,  Far East ("EAFE") and Canada Index, but may invest
in "emerging  markets."  The Fund  considers  "emerging  markets" to include any
country  that is  defined as an  emerging  or  developing  economy by any of the
International Bank of Reconstruction and Development (i.e., the World Bank), the
International  Finance Corporation or the United Nations or its authorities.  It
is expected that the Fund's  investments will include  companies of varying size
as measured by assets, sales or market capitalization.                          

The  major  portion  of the  Fund's  assets  consists  of equity  securities  of
established companies listed on recognized  exchanges;  the Advisor expects this
condition to  continue,  although  the Fund may invest in other  securities.  In
selecting   securities  for  the  Fund's   portfolio,   the  Advisor  applies  a
disciplined,  multi-part  investment approach for selecting stocks for the Fund.
In analyzing  companies for investment,  the Advisor ordinarily looks for one or
more  of  the  following   characteristics:   strong  competitive   positioning,
above-average  earnings  growth  per share,  high  return on  invested  capital,
healthy balance sheets and overall  financial  strength,  strength of management
and general operating characteristics which will enable the companies to compete
successfully  in the  marketplace.  The Advisor  will further seek to have broad
country  representation,  favoring  those  countries that it believes have sound
economic   conditions  and  open  markets.   The  Advisor  will  also  look  for
opportunities  on a macro-economic  level,  seeking to identify major changes in
the business  environment  and  companies  that are poised to benefit from these
changes.  Investment  decisions are made without regard to arbitrary criteria as
to minimum  asset  size,  debt-equity  ratios or dividend  history of  portfolio
companies.  The Advisor will typically sell an investment when certain  criteria
are met,  including  but not limited to: the price of the  security  reaches the
Advisor's  assessment  of its fair value;  the                                  

5 

P-->497106th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 106th
underlying  investment theme is judged by the Advisor to have matured; or if the
original  reason for investing in the security no longer applies or is no longer
valid.                                                                          

In applying the disciplined, multi-part investment approach for selecting stocks
for the Fund,  the Advisor  first  analyzes the pool of foreign  dividend-paying
securities, primarily from the world's more mature markets, and targeting stocks
that have high relative yields compared to the average for their markets. In the
Advisor's opinion, this group of higher-yielding stocks offers the potential for
returns that is greater than or equal to the average market  return,  with price
volatility  that is lower  than  the  overall  market  volatility.  The  Advisor
believes that these potentially favorable risk and return  characteristics exist
because the higher  dividends  offered by these  stocks act as a "cushion"  when
markets are volatile and because the stocks with higher yields tend to have more
attractive   valuations   (e.g.,   lower   price-to-earning   ratios  and  lower
price-to-book  ratios).  The second stage of portfolio  construction  involves a
fundamental  analysis  of  each  company's  financial  strength,  profitability,
projected earnings,  competitive positioning, and ability of management.  During
this step, the Advisor's  research team identifies what it believes are the most
promising  stocks for the Fund's  portfolio.  The third stage of the  investment
process involves  diversifying the portfolio among different  industry  sectors.
The key element of this stage is evaluating how the stocks in different  sectors
react to economic  factors such as interest  rates,  inflation,  Gross  Domestic
Product, and consumer spending, and then attaining a proper balance of stocks in
these  sectors based on the Advisor's  economic  forecast.  The fourth and final
stage of this ongoing  process is  diversifying  the portfolio  among  different
countries. The Advisor will seek to have broad country representation,  favoring
those  countries  that it  believes  have  sound  economic  conditions  and open
markets. The Fund's strategy is to manage risk and create opportunity at each of
the four stages in its  investment  process,  starting  with the focus on stocks
with high relative yields.                                                      

The Fund may hold up to 20% of its net assets in U.S.  and foreign  fixed income
securities  for  temporary  defensive  purposes  when the Advisor  believes that
market  conditions  so warrant.  The Fund may invest up to 20% of its net assets
under normal conditions,  and without limit for temporary defensive purposes, in
cash  or  cash   equivalents   including   domestic  and  foreign  money  market
instruments,  short-term  government  and corporate  obligations  and repurchase
agreements,  when  the  Advisor  deems  such a  position  advisable  in light of
economic or market conditions.  It is impossible to predict how long alternative
strategies  may be  utilized.  In  addition,  the Fund  may  engage  in  reverse
repurchase agreements, illiquid securities and strategic transactions, which may
include derivatives.                                                            

Foreign securities such as those purchased by the Fund may be subject to foreign
governmental  taxes which could reduce the yield on such securities,  although a
shareholder  of the Fund may,  subject to certain  limitations,  be  entitled to
claim a credit or deduction for U.S.  federal income tax purposes for his or her
proportionate share of such foreign taxes paid by the Fund.                     

From time to time,  the Fund may be a purchaser of illiquid  securities  such as
restricted  debt or  equity  securities  (i.e.,  securities  which  may  require
registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,  (the "1933 Act"), or
an exemption therefrom,  in order to be sold in the ordinary course of business)
in a private placement. (See "Illiquid Securities and Restricted Securities.")  

The Fund cannot  guarantee a gain or eliminate  the risk of loss.  The net asset
value of the Fund's  shares will increase or decrease with changes in the market
price of the  Fund's  investments,  and there is no  assurance  that the  Fund's
objectives will be achieved.                                                    

Master/feeder  Structure.  The Boards of Directors have the discretion to retain
the current distribution  arrangements for the Funds while investing in a master
fund in a master/feeder structure as described below.                           

A master/feeder fund structure is one in which a fund (a "feeder fund"), instead
of investing  directly in a portfolio of securities,  invests most or all of its
investment  assets in a separate  registered  investment  company  (the  "master
fund") with  substantially  the same  investment  objective  and policies as the
feeder  fund.  Such a  structure  permits  the  pooling of assets of two or more
feeder funds,  preserving  separate  identities or distribution  channels at the
feeder  fund  level.  Based on the  premise  that  certain  of the  expenses  of
operating an investment  portfolio are  relatively  fixed,  a larger  investment
portfolio may eventually  achieve a lower ratio of operating expenses to average
net assets. An existing  investment  company is able to convert to a feeder fund
by  selling  all  of  its  investments,   which  involves  brokerage  and  other
transaction  costs and realization of a taxable gain or loss, or by contributing
its assets to the master  fund and  avoiding  transaction  costs and,  if proper
procedures are followed, the realization of taxable gain or loss.               

6 

P-->497107th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 107th
Borrowing.  Each Fund may not borrow  money,  except as permitted  under Federal
law. Each Fund will borrow only when the Advisor  believes that  borrowing  will
benefit a Fund after taking into account considerations such as the costs of the
borrowing.  Each Fund does not  expect to borrow  for  investment  purposes,  to
increase  return or leverage  the  portfolio.  Borrowing  by a Fund will involve
special risk considerations.  Although the principal of a Fund's borrowings will
be fixed,  a Fund's  assets may change in value during the time that a borrowing
is outstanding, thus increasing exposure to capital risk.                       

Common Stocks. Under normal circumstances, each Fund invests primarily in common
stocks.  Common stock is issued by companies to raise cash for business purposes
and represents a proportionate interest in the issuing companies. Therefore, the
Fund  participates  in the  success or failure of any  company in which it holds
stock. The market values of common stock can fluctuate significantly, reflecting
the business performance of the issuing company, investor perception and general
economic  or  financial  market  movements.  Smaller  companies  are  especially
sensitive to these  factors and may even become  valueless.  Despite the risk of
price  volatility,  however,  common  stock also offers  greater  potential  for
long-term gain on investment, compared to other classes of financial assets such
as bonds or cash equivalents.                                                   

Convertible Securities. Each Fund may invest in convertible securities, that is,
bonds,  notes,  debentures,  preferred  stocks  and other  securities  which are
convertible into common stock. Investments in convertible securities can provide
an  opportunity  for capital  appreciation  and/or income  through  interest and
dividend payments by virtue of their conversion or exchange features.           

The convertible securities in which a Fund may invest are either fixed income or
zero coupon debt  securities  which may be converted or exchanged at a stated or
determinable exchange ratio into underlying shares of common stock. The exchange
ratio for any particular  convertible security may be adjusted from time to time
due to stock splits,  dividends,  spin-offs,  other corporate  distributions  or
scheduled  changes  in the  exchange  ratio.  Convertible  debt  securities  and
convertible  preferred  stocks,  until converted,  have general  characteristics
similar to both debt and equity  securities.  Although  to a lesser  extent than
with debt securities generally, the market value of convertible securities tends
to decline as interest  rates  increase  and,  conversely,  tends to increase as
interest  rates  decline.  In addition,  because of the  conversion  or exchange
feature,  the market value of convertible  securities  typically  changes as the
market value of the underlying common stocks changes, and, therefore, also tends
to follow  movements  in the  general  market  for equity  securities.  A unique
feature of convertible  securities is that as the market price of the underlying
common stock declines,  convertible  securities tend to trade  increasingly on a
yield basis, and so may not experience  market value declines to the same extent
as the underlying  common stock.  When the market price of the underlying common
stock  increases,  the prices of the  convertible  securities  tend to rise as a
reflection of the value of the underlying common stock,  although  typically not
as much as the  underlying  common stock.  While no securities  investments  are
without risk,  investments in convertible  securities generally entail less risk
than investments in common stock of the same issuer.                            

As debt securities,  convertible  securities are investments which provide for a
stream of income (or in the case of zero coupon securities, accretion of income)
with  generally  higher  yields than  common  stocks.  Of course,  like all debt
securities,  there can be no assurance of income or principal  payments  because
the issuers of the  convertible  securities  may  default on their  obligations.
Convertible   securities  generally  offer  lower  yields  than  non-convertible
securities of similar quality because of their conversion or exchange features. 

Convertible   securities   generally  are  subordinated  to  other  similar  but
non-convertible  securities of the same issuer,  although  convertible bonds, as
corporate debt  obligations,  enjoy  seniority in right of payment to all equity
securities,  and  convertible  preferred  stock is senior to common stock of the
same issuer.  However,  because of the subordination feature,  convertible bonds
and  convertible  preferred  stock  typically  have lower  ratings  than similar
non-convertible securities. Convertible securities may be issued as fixed income
obligations that pay current income or as zero coupon notes and bonds, including
Liquid Yield Option Notes ("LYONs"(TM)).                                        

Currency  Transactions.  Each Fund may  engage  in  currency  transactions  with
Counterparties  primarily in order to hedge,  or manage the risk of the value of
portfolio holdings denominated in particular  currencies against fluctuations in
relative  value.  Currency  transactions  include  forward  currency  contracts,
exchange listed currency futures, exchange listed and OTC options on currencies,
and currency swaps. A forward currency contract involves a privately  negotiated
obligation  to purchase or sell (with  delivery  generally  required) a specific
currency at a future  date,  which may be any fixed number of days from the date
of the contract  agreed upon by the  parties,  at a price set at the time of the
contract.  A currency  swap is an agreement to exchange  cash flows based on the
notional  difference                                                            

7 

P-->497108th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 108th
among two or more  currencies  and operates  similarly to an interest rate swap,
which is described  below. The Funds may enter into currency  transactions  with
Counterparties  which have received (or the guarantors of the obligations  which
have received) a credit rating of A-1 or P-1 by S&P or Moody's, respectively, or
that have an equivalent rating from a NRSRO or (except for OTC currency options)
are determined to be of equivalent credit quality by the Advisor.               

The  Funds'   dealings  in  forward   currency   contracts  and  other  currency
transactions  such as futures,  options,  options on futures and swaps generally
will be limited to hedging  involving either specific  transactions or portfolio
positions  except as described  below.  Transaction  hedging is entering  into a
currency  transaction  with  respect to specific  assets or  liabilities  of the
Funds,  which will  generally  arise in connection  with the purchase or sale of
their portfolio securities or the receipt of income therefrom.  Position hedging
is entering  into a currency  transaction  with  respect to  portfolio  security
positions denominated or generally quoted in that currency.                     

A Fund generally will not enter into a transaction to hedge currency exposure to
an extent greater,  after netting all transactions  intended wholly or partially
to offset other  transactions,  than the aggregate  market value (at the time of
entering into the  transaction) of the securities held in its portfolio that are
denominated or generally quoted in or currently  convertible into such currency,
other than with respect to proxy hedging or cross hedging as described below.   

The Funds may also  cross-hedge  currencies  by entering  into  transactions  to
purchase or sell one or more  currencies  that are  expected to decline in value
relative  to other  currencies  to which  the  Funds  have or in which the Funds
expect to have portfolio exposure.                                              

To reduce  the  effect of  currency  fluctuations  on the value of  existing  or
anticipated holdings of portfolio securities, the Funds may also engage in proxy
hedging.  Proxy  hedging  is  often  used  when the  currency  to which a Fund's
portfolio is exposed is difficult to hedge or to hedge against the dollar. Proxy
hedging  entails  entering into a commitment or option to sell a currency  whose
changes in value are  generally  considered  to be  correlated  to a currency or
currencies  in which  some or all of a Fund's  portfolio  securities  are or are
expected to be  denominated,  in exchange  for U.S.  dollars.  The amount of the
commitment  or  option  would  not  exceed  the  value  of a  Fund's  securities
denominated in correlated currencies. For example, if the Advisor considers that
the Austrian schilling is correlated to the German  deutschemark (the "D-mark"),
the Funds holds  securities  denominated in schillings and the Advisor  believes
that the value of schillings will decline against the U.S.  dollar,  the Advisor
may enter into a commitment or option to sell D-marks and buy dollars.  Currency
hedging involves some of the same risks and considerations as other transactions
with  similar  instruments.  Currency  transactions  can result in losses to the
Funds if the  currency  being  hedged  fluctuates  in value to a degree  or in a
direction that is not anticipated. Further, there is the risk that the perceived
correlation  between various currencies may not be present or may not be present
during the particular time that the Funds are engaging in proxy hedging.  If the
Funds enter into a currency hedging transaction,  the Funds will comply with the
asset segregation requirements described below.                                 

Risks of  Currency  Transactions.  Currency  transactions  are  subject to risks
different from those of other portfolio  transactions.  Because currency control
is of great  importance  to the  issuing  governments  and  influences  economic
planning and policy, purchases and sales of currency and related instruments can
be  negatively  affected  by  government  exchange  controls,   blockages,   and
manipulations or exchange restrictions imposed by governments.  These can result
in losses to a Fund if it is unable to deliver or receive  currency  or funds in
settlement of obligations  and could also cause hedges it has entered into to be
rendered  useless,  resulting  in full  currency  exposure as well as  incurring
transaction  costs.  Buyers and sellers of  currency  futures are subject to the
same risks that apply to the use of futures generally.  Further, settlement of a
currency  futures  contract for the purchase of most  currencies must occur at a
bank  based in the  issuing  nation.  Trading  options  on  currency  futures is
relatively  new,  and the ability to establish  and close out  positions on such
options is subject to the maintenance of a liquid market which may not always be
available.  Currency  exchange rates may fluctuate based on factors extrinsic to
that country's economy.                                                         

Debt Securities.  Global Fund may not invest more than 5% of its total assets in
debt  securities  that are rated Baa or below by Moody's or BBB or below by S&P,
or deemed by the Advisor to be of comparable quality.                           

When the Advisor  believes that it is  appropriate  to do so in order to achieve
International  Fund's objective of long-term capital growth, the Fund may invest
up to 20% of its total  assets in debt  securities  including  bonds of  foreign
governments,  supranational  organizations and private issuers,  including bonds
denominated  in the Euro.  Portfolio  debt  investments  will be selected on the
basis of,  among  other  things,  yield,  credit  quality,  and the  fundamental

8 

P-->497109th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 109th
outlooks for currency,  economic and interest rate trends in different  parts of
the globe,  taking  into  account  the  ability to hedge a degree of currency or
local bond price risk.                                                          

Depository  Receipts.  International Fund may invest indirectly in securities of
foreign issuers through sponsored or unsponsored  American  Depository  Receipts
("ADRs"), Global Depository Receipts ("GDRs"), International Depository Receipts
("IDRs") and other types of Depository Receipts (which, together with ADRs, GDRs
and IDRs are  hereinafter  referred  to as  "Depository  Receipts").  Prices  of
unsponsored  Depository  Receipts may be more volatile than if the issuer of the
underlying securities sponsored them. Depository Receipts may not necessarily be
denominated  in the same currency as the underlying  securities  into which they
may be  converted.  In  addition,  the  issuers  of  the  stock  of  unsponsored
Depository  Receipts are not obligated to disclose  material  information in the
United  States  and,  therefore,  there may not be a  correlation  between  such
information and the market value of the Depository Receipts. ADRs are Depository
Receipts which are bought and sold in the United States and are typically issued
by a  U.S.  bank  or  trust  company  which  evidence  ownership  of  underlying
securities by a foreign  corporation.  GDRs,  IDRs and other types of Depository
Receipts are typically issued by foreign banks or trust companies, although they
may also be issued by  United  States  banks or trust  companies,  and  evidence
ownership of underlying securities issued by either a foreign or a United States
corporation.  Generally, Depository Receipts in registered form are designed for
use in the United States  securities  markets and Depository  Receipts in bearer
form are designed for use in securities  markets outside the United States.  For
purposes of each Fund's  investment  policies,  the Fund's  investments in ADRs,
GDRs and other types of Depository  Receipts will be deemed to be investments in
the underlying  securities.  Depository Receipts other than those denominated in
U.S. dollars will be subject to foreign currency exchange rate risk. However, by
investing  in ADRs rather  than  directly in foreign  issuers'  stock,  the Fund
avoids  currency  risks during the  settlement  period.  In general,  there is a
large,  liquid  market in the  United  States for most  ADRs.  However,  certain
Depository  Receipts  may not be  listed on an  exchange  and  therefore  may be
illiquid securities.                                                            

Dollar Roll Transactions. Dollar roll transactions consist of the sale by a Fund
to a bank or broker/dealers  (the  "counterparty") of GNMA certificates or other
mortgage-backed  securities  together  with a  commitment  to purchase  from the
counterparty  similar,  but not  identical,  securities at a future date, at the
same price.  The  counterparty  receives all  principal  and interest  payments,
including  prepayments,  made on the  security  while it is the  holder.  A Fund
receives a fee from the  counterparty  as  consideration  for entering  into the
commitment  to  purchase.  Dollar  rolls may be renewed over a period of several
months  with  a  different  purchase  and  repurchase  price  fixed  and a  cash
settlement  made at each  renewal  without a physical  delivery  of  securities.
Moreover,  the  transaction  may  be  preceded  by a firm  commitment  agreement
pursuant to which the Fund agrees to buy a security on a later date.            

A fund will segregate cash, U.S. Government securities or other liquid assets in
an amount sufficient to meet their purchase  obligations under the transactions.
The Fund will also maintain asset coverage of at least 300% for all  outstanding
firm commitments, dollar rolls and other borrowings.                            

Dollar rolls may be treated for purposes of the 1940 Act as borrowings of a Fund
because  they  involve  the sale of a  security  coupled  with an  agreement  to
repurchase.  A dollar roll involves costs to a Fund.  For example,  while a Fund
receives a fee as consideration for agreeing to repurchase the security,  a Fund
forgoes the right to receive  all  principal  and  interest  payments  while the
counterparty  holds the security.  These payments to the counterparty may exceed
the fee received by a Fund, thereby effectively  charging a Fund interest on its
borrowing.  Further,  although  a Fund  can  estimate  the  amount  of  expected
principal prepayment over the term of the dollar roll, a variation in the actual
amount of prepayment could increase or decrease the cost of a Fund's borrowing. 

The entry into dollar rolls involves  potential risks of loss that are different
from those related to the securities  underlying the transactions.  For example,
if the  counterparty  becomes  insolvent,  a Fund's  right to purchase  from the
counterparty might be restricted. Additionally, the value of such securities may
change adversely before a Fund is able to purchase them.  Similarly,  a Fund may
be required to purchase  securities in connection with a dollar roll at a higher
price than may otherwise be available on the open market. Since, as noted above,
the counterparty is required to deliver a similar,  but not identical,  security
to a Fund, the security that a Fund is required to buy under the dollar roll may
be worth less than an  identical  security.  Finally,  there can be no assurance
that a Fund's use of the cash that it receives from a dollar roll will provide a
return that exceeds borrowing costs.                                            

Eurodollar   Instruments.   The  Funds  may  make   investments   in  Eurodollar
instruments.   Eurodollar  instruments  are  U.S.   dollar-denominated   futures
contracts or options  thereon which are linked to the London  Interbank  Offered
Rate ("LIBOR"), although foreign currency-denominated  instruments are available
from time to time.  Eurodollar  futures                                         

9 

P-->497110th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 110th
contracts enable  purchasers to obtain a fixed rate for the lending of funds and
sellers to obtain a fixed rate for  borrowings.  The Funds might use  Eurodollar
futures  contracts  and options  thereon to hedge against  changes in LIBOR,  to
which many interest rate swaps and fixed income instruments are linked.         

Foreign  Currencies.  Because  investments  in foreign  securities  usually will
involve currencies of foreign countries,  and because the Funds may hold foreign
currencies  and  forward  contracts,  futures  contracts  and options on foreign
currencies and foreign  currency futures  contracts,  the value of the assets of
the Fund as measured in U.S. dollars may be affected favorably or unfavorably by
changes in foreign currency exchange rates and exchange control regulations, and
the  Fund  may  incur  costs  and   experience   conversion   difficulties   and
uncertainties  in connection with  conversions  between various  currencies.  In
particular,  the Funds' foreign investments are generally denominated in foreign
currencies. The strength or weakness of the U.S. dollar against these currencies
is  responsible  for part of the Fund's  investment  performance.  If the dollar
falls in value relative to the Japanese yen, for example,  the dollar value of a
Japanese  stock  held in the  portfolio  will rise even  though the price of the
stock remains  unchanged.  Conversely,  if the dollar rises in value relative to
the yen, the dollar value of the Japanese stock will fall.                      

In addition,  many foreign currencies have experienced  significant  devaluation
relative to the dollar.  Although  the Fund values its assets  daily in terms of
U.S. dollars,  it does not intend to convert its holdings of foreign  currencies
into  U.S.  dollars  on a daily  basis.  It will do so from  time to  time,  and
investors should be aware of the costs of currency conversion.  Although foreign
exchange  dealers do not charge a fee for  conversion,  they do realize a profit
based on the  difference  (the  "spread")  between  the prices at which they are
buying  and  selling  various  currencies.  Thus,  a dealer  may offer to sell a
foreign  currency  to the Fund at one  rate,  while  offering  a lesser  rate of
exchange  should the Fund desire to resell that  currency to the dealer.  A Fund
will conduct its foreign currency exchange  transactions either on a spot (i.e.,
cash) basis at the spot rate prevailing in the foreign currency exchange market,
or through entering into options or forward or futures  contracts to purchase or
sell foreign currencies.                                                        

Foreign  Investment  Risk.  While the Funds offer the potential for  substantial
appreciation  over time,  they also  involve  above-average  investment  risk in
comparison  to a  mutual  fund  investing  in  a  broad  range  of  U.S.  equity
securities.  Each  Fund  is  designed  as a  long-term  investment  and  not for
short-term trading purposes.  None of the Funds, nor the Funds together,  should
be considered a complete investment program, although each could serve as a core
international  holding  for an  individual's  portfolio.  Each  Fund's net asset
value,  or price,  can  fluctuate  significantly  with  changes in stock  market
levels, political developments, movements in currencies, global investment flows
and other factors.                                                              

Foreign  Securities.  Investing in foreign  securities  involves certain special
considerations,  including  those  set  forth  below,  which  are not  typically
associated  with  investing  in U.S.  securities  and  which  may  favorably  or
unfavorably  affect  the  Funds'  performance.  As  foreign  companies  are  not
generally  subject to  uniform  accounting,  auditing  and  financial  reporting
standards, practices and requirements comparable to those applicable to domestic
companies,  there may be less  publicly  available  information  about a foreign
company than about a domestic company.  Many foreign securities  markets,  while
growing in volume of trading activity,  have  substantially less volume than the
U.S.  market,  and  securities of some foreign  issuers are less liquid and more
volatile than securities of domestic issuers. Similarly, volume and liquidity in
most foreign bond markets is less than in the U.S. and, at times,  volatility of
price  can be  greater  than in the  U.S.  Fixed  commissions  on  some  foreign
securities  exchanges  and bid to asked  spreads in  foreign  bond  markets  are
generally  higher  than  commissions  or bid to asked  spreads on U.S.  markets,
although the Advisor will endeavor to achieve the most  favorable net results on
its portfolio transactions. There is generally less governmental supervision and
regulation  of  securities  exchanges,  brokers and listed  companies in foreign
countries  than in the U.S. It may be more difficult for a Fund's agents to keep
currently informed about corporate actions in foreign countries which may affect
the prices of portfolio securities.  Communications between the U.S. and foreign
countries may be less reliable than within the U.S., thus increasing the risk of
delayed  settlements  of  portfolio  transactions  or loss of  certificates  for
portfolio securities. Payment for securities without delivery may be required in
certain foreign markets. In addition, with respect to certain foreign countries,
there is the possibility of expropriation or confiscatory taxation, political or
social  instability,   or  diplomatic   developments  which  could  affect  U.S.
investments  in those  countries.  Moreover,  individual  foreign  economies may
differ favorably or unfavorably from the U.S. economy in such respects as growth
of gross national product,  rate of inflation,  capital  reinvestment,  resource
self-sufficiency  and balance of payments position.  The management of each Fund
seeks to mitigate the risks associated with the foregoing considerations through
continuous professional management.                                             

High Yield/High Risk Bonds.  The Funds may purchase,  to a limited extent,  debt
securities which are rated below investment-grade (commonly referred to as "junk
bonds"),  that is,  rated  below Baa by Moody's or below BBB by                 

10

P-->497111th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 111th
S&P and unrated  securities,  which usually entail  greater risk  (including the
possibility  of  default  or  bankruptcy  of the  issuers  of such  securities),
generally involve greater  volatility of price and risk of principal and income,
and may be less liquid than  securities in the higher rating  categories and are
considered  speculative.  The lower the  ratings  of such debt  securities,  the
greater their risks render them like equity  securities.  The International Fund
will invest no more than 5% of its total assets in securities  rated BB or lower
by Moody's or Ba by S&P, and may invest in securities  which are rated D by S&P.
Securities  rated D may be in default  with  respect to payment of  principal or
interest.  See the Appendix to this  Statement of Additional  Information  for a
more complete  description of the ratings assigned by ratings  organizations and
their respective characteristics.                                               

High yield,  high-risk  securities are especially  subject to adverse changes in
general  economic  conditions,  to changes in the  financial  condition of their
issuers and to price  fluctuations  in response to changes in interest rates. An
economic  downturn  could disrupt the high yield  market,  impair the ability of
issuers to repay  principal  and  interest  and  increase  an  issuer's  risk of
default. Also, an increase in interest rates would have a greater adverse impact
on the value of such obligations than on higher quality debt securities.  During
an economic downturn or period of rising interest rates, highly leveraged issues
may experience  financial  stress which would adversely  affect their ability to
service their principal and interest payment  obligations.  Prices and yields of
high yield  securities  will fluctuate over time and, during periods of economic
uncertainty,  volatility of high yield  securities may adversely affect a Fund's
net  asset  value.  In  addition,  investments  in high  yield  zero  coupon  or
pay-in-kind bonds, rather than income-bearing high yield securities, may be more
speculative  and may be subject to greater  fluctuations in value due to changes
in interest rates.                                                              

The  trading  market for high yield  securities  may be thin to the extent  that
there is no established  retail  secondary market or because of a decline in the
value of such securities.  A thin trading market may limit the ability of a Fund
to  accurately  value high yield  securities  in its portfolio and to dispose of
those securities.  Adverse  publicity and investor  perceptions may decrease the
values and liquidity of high yield securities. These securities may also involve
special registration responsibilities,  liabilities and costs, and liquidity and
valuation difficulties.                                                         

Credit  quality in the  high-yield  securities  market can change  suddenly  and
unexpectedly,  and even recently-issued credit ratings may not fully reflect the
actual risks posed by a particular high-yield security. For these reasons, it is
the  policy  of the  Advisor  not to  rely  exclusively  on  ratings  issued  by
established credit rating agencies,  but to supplement such ratings with its own
independent and on-going  review of credit quality.  The achievement of a Fund's
investment  objective by investment in such  securities may be more dependent on
the Advisor's credit analysis than is the case for higher quality bonds.  Should
the rating of a portfolio  security be  downgraded,  the Advisor will  determine
whether  it is in the best  interests  of a Fund to  retain or  dispose  of such
security.                                                                       

Prices for below investment-grade  securities may be affected by legislative and
regulatory developments. For example, new federal rules require savings and loan
institutions  to  gradually  reduce  their  holdings  of this type of  security.
Congress has from time to time  considered  legislation  which would restrict or
eliminate the corporate tax deduction for interest  payments in these securities
and  regulate  corporate  restructurings.  Such  legislation  may  significantly
depress the prices of outstanding securities of this type.                      

Illiquid  Securities and Restricted  Securities.  A Fund may purchase securities
that are subject to legal or  contractual  restrictions  on resale  ("restricted
securities").  Generally speaking, restricted securities may be sold (i) only to
qualified  institutional buyers; (ii) in a privately negotiated transaction to a
limited number of  purchasers;  or (iii) in limited  quantities  after they have
been held for a specified  period of time and other  conditions are met pursuant
to an  exemption  from  registration;  or (iv) in a public  offering for which a
registration  statement  is in  effect  under  the  Securities  Act of 1933,  as
amended.  Issuers of restricted  securities may not be subject to the disclosure
and other  investor  protection  requirements  that would be applicable if their
securities were publicly traded.                                                

Restricted  securities  are often  illiquid,  but they may also be  liquid.  For
example,  restricted securities that are eligible for resale under Rule 144A are
often deemed to be liquid.                                                      

Each  Corporation's  Board of Directors has approved  guidelines  for use by the
Advisor in  determining  whether a security is  illiquid.  Among the factors the
Investment Manager may consider in reaching liquidity decisions relating to Rule
144A  securities  are: (1) the  frequency of trades and quotes for the security;
(2) the  number of dealers  wishing to  purchase  or sell the  security  and the
number of other potential  purchasers;  (3) dealer undertakings to make a market
in the security; and (4) the nature of the security and the nature of the market
for the security (i.e.,  the time needed to dispose of the security,  the method
of soliciting offers, and the mechanics of the transfer).                       

11

P-->497112th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 112th
Issuers of restricted  securities may not be subject to the disclosure and other
investor  protection  requirement  that would be applicable if their  securities
were publicly traded. Where a registration  statement is required for the resale
of  restricted  securities,  a Fund may be  required  to bear all or part of the
registration  expenses. A Fund may be deemed to be an "underwriter" for purposes
of the 1933 Act when selling  restricted  securities  to the public and, in such
event, a Fund may be liable to purchasers of such securities if the registration
statement prepared by the issuer is materially inaccurate or misleading.        

A Fund may also purchase securities that are not subject to legal or contractual
restrictions  on resale,  but that are deemed  illiquid.  Such securities may be
illiquid, for example, because there is a limited trading market for them.      

A Fund may be unable to sell a restricted or illiquid security.  In addition, it
may be more  difficult to determine a market  value for  restricted  or illiquid
securities,  Moreover,  if adverse market  conditions were to develop during the
period between a Fund's  decision to sell a restricted or illiquid  security and
the point at which a Fund is  permitted  or able to sell such  security,  a Fund
might  obtain a price  less  favorable  than the price  that  prevailed  when it
decided to sell.                                                                

This  investment  practice,  therefore,  could have the effect of increasing the
level of illiquidity of a Fund.                                                 

Interfund Borrowing and Lending Program. Each Fund has received exemptive relief
from the Securities and Exchange  Commission  (the "SEC") that permits each Fund
to  participate  in an interfund  borrowing  and lending  program  among certain
investment  companies  advised by the Advisor.  The  interfund  lending  program
allows the participating funds to borrow money from and loan money to each other
for  temporary  or  emergency  purposes.  The  program is subject to a number of
conditions  designed to ensure fair and equitable treatment of all participating
funds, including the following: (1) no fund may borrow money through the program
unless it receives a more favorable  interest rate than a rate approximating the
lowest  interest  rate at which  bank  loans  would be  available  to any of the
participating  funds  under a loan  agreement;  and (2) no fund may  lend  money
through  the  program  unless it  receives  a more  favorable  return  than that
available  from an  investment  in  repurchase  agreements  and,  to the  extent
applicable,  money  market  cash sweep  arrangements.  In  addition,  a fund may
participate in the program only if and to the extent that such  participation is
consistent  with the fund's  investment  objectives  and policies (for instance,
money market  funds would  normally  participate  only as lenders and tax exempt
funds only as borrowers).  Interfund loans and borrowings may extend  overnight,
but could  have a maximum  duration  of seven  days.  Loans may be called on one
day's notice. A fund may have to borrow from a bank at a higher interest rate if
an interfund loan is called or not renewed.  Any delay in repayment to a lending
fund could result in a lost  investment  opportunity  or additional  costs.  The
program is subject to the  oversight  and  periodic  review of the Boards of the
participating  funds.  To the extent a Fund is  actually  engaged  in  borrowing
through the  interfund  borrowing  and lending  program,  a Fund, as a matter of
non-fundamental  policy,  may not borrow for other than  temporary  or emergency
purposes  (and not for  leveraging),  except  that a Fund may  engage in reverse
repurchase agreements and dollar rolls for any purpose.                         

Investing in Emerging Markets.  The Funds' investments in foreign securities may
be in developed  countries or in countries  considered by the Funds'  Advisor to
have  developing  or "emerging"  markets,  which  involves  exposure to economic
structures that are generally less diverse and mature than in the United States,
and to  political  systems that may be less  stable.  A  developing  or emerging
market  country can be considered to be a country that is in the initial  stages
of its industrialization  cycle.  Currently,  emerging markets generally include
every  country  in the  world  other  than the  United  States,  Canada,  Japan,
Australia,   New  Zealand,  Hong  Kong,  Singapore  and  most  Western  European
countries. Currently, investing in many emerging markets may not be desirable or
feasible  because  of the lack of  adequate  custody  arrangements  for a Fund's
assets,  overly burdensome  repatriation and similar  restrictions,  the lack of
organized and liquid securities markets,  unacceptable  political risks or other
reasons.  As  opportunities to invest in securities in emerging markets develop,
the Funds may expand and further broaden the group of emerging  markets in which
it invests. In the past, markets of developing or emerging market countries have
been more  volatile  than the  markets of  developed  countries;  however,  such
markets  often have provided  higher rates of return to  investors.  The Advisor
believes that these  characteristics  may be expected to continue in the future.
Most  emerging  securities  markets may have  substantially  less volume and are
subject  to  less  governmental   supervision  than  U.S.   securities  markets.
Securities  of many  issuers in  emerging  markets  may be less  liquid and more
volatile than securities of comparable domestic issuers.  In addition,  there is
less  regulation of securities  exchanges,  securities  dealers,  and listed and
unlisted companies in emerging markets than in the U.S.                         

12

P-->497113th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 113th
Emerging markets also have different clearance and settlement procedures, and in
certain markets there have been times when  settlements  have not kept pace with
the volume of  securities  transactions.  Delays in  settlement  could result in
temporary  periods when a portion of the assets of a Fund is  uninvested  and no
cash is  earned  thereon.  The  inability  of a Fund to make  intended  security
purchases  due to  settlement  problems  could  cause a Fund to miss  attractive
investment  opportunities.  Inability to dispose of portfolio  securities due to
settlement  problems  could result  either in losses to a Fund due to subsequent
declines in value of the  portfolio  security  or, if a Fund has entered  into a
contract  to sell the  security,  could  result  in  possible  liability  to the
purchaser.   Costs  associated  with  transactions  in  foreign  securities  are
generally  higher than costs  associated with  transactions in U.S.  securities.
Such  transactions  also  involve  additional  costs for the purchase or sale of
foreign currency.                                                               

Foreign  investment in certain emerging market debt obligations is restricted or
controlled to varying degrees. These restrictions or controls may at times limit
or preclude foreign  investment in certain emerging markets debt obligations and
increase  the costs and expenses of a Fund.  Certain  emerging  markets  require
prior governmental approval of investments by foreign persons,  limit the amount
of investment by foreign persons in a particular  company,  limit the investment
by foreign  persons only to a specific class of securities of a company that may
have less  advantageous  rights  than the  classes  available  for  purchase  by
domiciliaries  of the  countries  and/or  impose  additional  taxes  on  foreign
investors.  Certain emerging markets may also restrict investment  opportunities
in issuers in industries deemed important to national interest.                 

Certain emerging markets may require governmental  approval for the repatriation
of investment income,  capital or the proceeds of sales of securities by foreign
investors.  In  addition,  if a  deterioration  occurs in an  emerging  market's
balance of payments  or for other  reasons,  a country  could  impose  temporary
restrictions on foreign capital remittances.  A Fund could be adversely affected
by delays in, or a refusal to grant,  any  required  governmental  approval  for
repatriation  of  capital,  as well  as by the  application  to the  Fund of any
restrictions on investments.                                                    

In the course of investment in emerging  markets,  a Fund will be exposed to the
direct or indirect consequences of political, social and economic changes in one
or more emerging  markets.  Political  changes in emerging market  countries may
affect the willingness of an emerging market  country's  governmental  issuer to
make or provide for timely payments of its obligations.  The country's  economic
status,  and reflected in, among other things, its inflation rate, the amount of
its external debt and its gross  domestic  product,  also affects its ability to
honor its obligations. While a Fund will manage its assets in a manner that will
seek to minimize  the  exposure to such risks,  there can be no  assurance  that
adverse political,  social or economic changes will not cause a Fund to suffer a
loss of value in respect of the securities in that Fund's portfolio.            

The risk  also  exists  that an  emergency  situation  may  arise in one or more
emerging  markets as a result of which trading of securities may cease or may be
substantially  curtailed and prices for a Fund's  securities in such markets may
not be readily  available.  The Corporation may suspend redemption of its shares
for any period  during  which an emergency  exists,  as  determined  by the SEC.
Accordingly if a Fund believes that  appropriate  circumstances  exist,  it will
promptly  apply to the SEC for a  determination  that an  emergency  is present.
During the period  commencing  from a Fund's  identification  of such  condition
until the date of the SEC action,  a Fund's  securities in the affected  markets
will be valued at fair value  determined in good faith by or under the direction
of the applicable Corporation's Board of Directors.                             

Volume and  liquidity  in most  foreign  markets are less than in the U.S.,  and
securities  of many foreign  companies  are less liquid and more  volatile  than
securities of comparable U.S. companies. Fixed commissions on foreign securities
exchanges are generally  higher than negotiated  commissions on U.S.  exchanges,
although  the Fund  endeavors to achieve the most  favorable  net results on its
portfolio  transactions.  There is generally less  governmental  supervision and
regulation of business and industry practices,  securities  exchanges,  brokers,
dealers and listed companies than in the U.S.. Mail service between the U.S. and
foreign  countries  may be slower or less  reliable  than within the U.S.,  thus
increasing the risk of delayed settlements of portfolio  transactions or loss of
certificates for certificated portfolio securities. In addition, with respect to
certain  emerging  markets,   there  is  the  possibility  of  expropriation  or
confiscatory   taxation,   political  or  social   instability,   or  diplomatic
developments  which  could  affect a  Fund's  investments  in  those  countries.
Moreover,   individual   emerging  market  economies  may  differ  favorably  or
unfavorably  from the U.S.  economy in such respects as growth of gross national
product, rate of inflation, capital reinvestment,  resource self-sufficiency and
balance of payments position.                                                   

A Fund may have limited legal recourse in the event of a default with respect to
certain debt  obligations  it holds.  If the issuer of a  fixed-income  security
owned by the Fund  defaults,  that Fund may incur  additional  expenses  to seek

13

P-->497114th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 114th
recovery.  Debt obligations issued by emerging market country governments differ
from debt  obligations  of private  entities;  remedies  from  defaults  on debt
obligations issued by emerging market governments, unlike those on private debt,
must be pursued in the courts of the defaulting  party itself.  A Fund's ability
to enforce its rights  against  private  issuers may be limited.  The ability to
attach assets to enforce a judgment may be limited.  Legal recourse is therefore
somewhat diminished. Bankruptcy, moratorium and other similar laws applicable to
private issuers of debt obligations may be substantially different from those of
other  countries.  The  political  context,  expressed  as  an  emerging  market
governmental issuer's willingness to meet the terms of the debt obligation,  for
example, is of considerable  importance.  In addition, no assurance can be given
that the holders of commercial bank debt may not contest payments to the holders
of  debt  obligations  in the  event  of  default  under  commercial  bank  loan
agreements.                                                                     

Income from  securities  held by a Fund could be reduced by a withholding tax at
the source or other taxes imposed by the emerging market countries in which that
Fund makes its  investments.  A Fund's net asset  value may also be  affected by
changes  in the  rates or  methods  of  taxation  applicable  to that Fund or to
entities in which that Fund has invested.  The Advisor will consider the cost of
any taxes in determining whether to acquire any particular investments,  but can
provide no assurance that the taxes will not be subject to change.              

Many  emerging  markets  have  experienced  substantial,  and, in some  periods,
extremely  high,  rates  of  inflation  for  many  years.  Inflation  and  rapid
fluctuations  in  inflation  rates  have had and may  continue  to have  adverse
effects on the  economies  and  securities  markets of certain  emerging  market
countries. In an attempt to control inflation, wage and price controls have been
imposed in certain  countries.  Of these countries,  some, in recent years, have
begun to control inflation through prudent economic policies.                   

Emerging market governmental issuers are among the largest debtors to commercial
banks,  foreign  governments,  international  financial  organizations and other
financial  institutions.  Certain emerging market governmental  issuers have not
been able to make  payments of interest on or principal of debt  obligations  as
those  payments  have  come due.  Obligations  arising  from past  restructuring
agreements  may  affect  the  economic  performance  and  political  and  social
stability of those issuers.                                                     

Governments  of many emerging  market  countries  have exercised and continue to
exercise  substantial  influence over many aspects of the private sector through
the ownership or control of many companies, including some of the largest in any
given  country.  As a result,  governmental  actions in the future  could have a
significant  effect on economic  conditions in emerging markets,  which in turn,
may adversely affect companies in the private sector,  general market conditions
and  prices  and yields of  certain  of the  securities  in a Fund's  portfolio.
Expropriation,  confiscatory taxation,  nationalization,  political, economic or
social instability or other similar  developments have occurred  frequently over
the history of certain  emerging  markets and could adversely  affect the Fund's
assets should these conditions recur.                                           

The  ability of  emerging  market  country  governmental  issuers to make timely
payments  on their  obligations  is  likely  to be  influenced  strongly  by the
issuer's balance of payments,  including export  performance,  and its access to
international  credits and  investments.  An emerging  market whose  exports are
concentrated  in a few  commodities  could be  vulnerable  to a  decline  in the
international   prices   of  one  or  more  of  those   commodities.   Increased
protectionism  on the part of an emerging  market's  trading partners could also
adversely  affect the country's  exports and diminish its trade account surplus,
if any. To the extent that emerging markets receive payment for their exports in
currencies other than dollars or non-emerging  market currencies,  their ability
to make debt payments  denominated in dollars or non-emerging  market currencies
could be affected.                                                              

Another factor bearing on the ability of emerging market countries to repay debt
obligations is the level of international reserves of the country.  Fluctuations
in the level of these  reserves  affect the amount of foreign  exchange  readily
available  for  external  debt  payments  and thus  could  have a bearing on the
capacity  of  emerging   market   countries  to  make  payments  on  these  debt
obligations.                                                                    

To the extent that an emerging  market country cannot  generate a trade surplus,
it must  depend on  continuing  loans  from  foreign  governments,  multilateral
organizations or private commercial banks, aid payments from foreign governments
and inflows of foreign investment. The access of emerging markets to these forms
of external  funding may not be certain,  and a withdrawal  of external  funding
could  adversely  affect the capacity of emerging  market  country  governmental
issuers  to make  payments  on  their  obligations.  In  addition,  the  cost of
servicing  emerging  market  debt  obligations  can be  affected  by a change in
international  interest  rates  since the  majority of these  obligations  carry
interest rates that are adjusted periodically based upon international rates.   

14

P-->497115th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 115th
Investment  Company  Securities.  Each  Fund  may  acquire  securities  of other
investment  companies to the extent consistent with its investment objective and
subject  to the  limitations  of the 1940 Act. A Fund will  indirectly  bear its
proportionate share of any management fees and other expenses paid by such other
investment companies.                                                           

For example,  a Fund may invest in a variety of investment  companies which seek
to track the  composition  and  performance  of  specific  indices or a specific
portion of an index.  These  index-based  investments hold  substantially all of
their assets in securities representing their specific index.  Accordingly,  the
main risk of investing in index-based  investments is the same as investing in a
portfolio  of equity  securities  comprising  the index.  The  market  prices of
index-based  investments  will fluctuate in accordance  with both changes in the
market  value of their  underlying  portfolio  securities  and due to supply and
demand for the  instruments on the exchanges on which they are traded (which may
result in their  trading at a discount  or premium to their  NAVs).  Index-based
investments  may not replicate  exactly the performance of their specified index
because of  transaction  costs and because of the  temporary  unavailability  of
certain component securities of the index.                                      

Examples of index-based investments include:                                    

DIAMONDS(SM):  DIAMONDS are based on the Dow Jones Industrial Average(SM).  They
are issued by the DIAMONDS Trust, a unit investment trust that holds a portfolio
of all the component common stocks of the Dow Jones Industrial Average and seeks
to closely track the price performance and dividend yield of the Dow.           

MidCap  SPDRs(R):  MidCap SPDRs are based on the S&P MidCap 400 Index.  They are
issued by the MidCap SPDR Trust, a unit investment  trust that holds a portfolio
of securities  consisting of  substantially  all of the common stocks in the S&P
MidCap 400 Index in substantially  the same weighting and seeks to closely track
the price performance and dividend yield of the Index.                          

Nasdaq-100 Shares: Nasdaq-100 Shares are based on the Nasdaq 100 Index. They are
issued by the Nasdaq-100  Trust, a unit investment  trust that holds a portfolio
consisting of substantially  all of the securities,  in  substantially  the same
weighting,  as the component stocks of the Nasdaq-100 Index and seeks to closely
track the price performance and dividend yield of the Index.                    

Select Sector SPDRs(R):  Select Sector SPDRs are based on a particular sector or
group of  industries  that are  represented  by a specified  Select Sector Index
within the Standard & Poor's Composite Stock Price Index. They are issued by The
Select Sector SPDR Trust, an open-end  management  investment  company with nine
portfolios  that each seeks to closely track the price  performance and dividend
yield of a particular Select Sector Index.                                      

SPDRs(R):  SPDRs,  an acronym for "Standard & Poor's  Depositary  Receipts," are
based on the S&P 500  Composite  Stock Price Index.  They are issued by the SPDR
Trust,  a unit  investment  trust that  holds  shares of  substantially  all the
companies  in the S&P 500 in  substantially  the  same  weighting  and  seeks to
closely track the price performance and dividend yield of the Index.            

WEBs(SM):  WEBs, an acronym for "World Equity Benchmark Shares," are based on 17
country-specific  Morgan Stanley Capital International  Indices. They are issued
by the WEBs Index Fund,  Inc., an open-end  management  investment  company that
seeks to correspond  generally to the price and yield  performance of a specific
Morgan Stanley Capital International Index.                                     

Investment-Grade Bonds. Each Fund may purchase  "investment-grade"  bonds, which
are those rated Aaa,  Aa, A or Baa by Moody's or AAA, AA, A or BBB by S&P or, if
unrated,  judged to be of  equivalent  quality  as  determined  by the  Advisor.
Moody's  considers  bonds it rates Baa to have  speculative  elements as well as
investment-grade  characteristics.  To the  extent  that  the  Funds  invest  in
higher-grade  securities,  each  Fund  will  not be  able  to  avail  itself  of
opportunities for higher income which may be available at lower grades.         

Investment of Uninvested  Cash  Balances.  Each Fund may have cash balances that
have not been invested in portfolio securities  ("Uninvested Cash").  Uninvested
Cash may result  from a variety of  sources,  including  dividends  or  interest
received from portfolio securities, unsettled securities transactions,  reserves
held for  investment  strategy  purposes,  scheduled  maturity  of  investments,
liquidation  of  investment  securities  to  meet  anticipated  redemptions  and
dividend payments, and new cash received from investors.  Uninvested Cash may be
invested  directly  in  money  market   instruments  or  other  short-term  debt
obligations.  Pursuant to an Exemptive  Order issued by the SEC,  each          

15

P-->497116th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 116th
Fund may use Uninvested  Cash to purchase  shares of affiliated  funds including
money market funds,  short-term bond funds and Zurich Scudder Cash Management QP
Trust and Scudder Trust Company, or one or more future entities for which Zurich
Scudder  Investments acts as trustee or investment  advisor that operate as cash
management  investment  vehicles and that are excluded  from the  definition  of
investment  company  pursuant  to  section  3(c)(1)  or  3(c)(7) of the 1940 Act
(collectively,  the  "Central  Funds") in excess of the  limitations  of Section
12(d)(1) of the 1940 Act. Investment by each Fund in shares of the Central Funds
will be in accordance with each Fund's  investment  policies and restrictions as
set forth in its registration statement.                                        

Certain of the  Central  Funds  comply  with rule 2a-7 under the Act.  The other
Central Funds are or will be short-term  bond funds that invest in  fixed-income
securities  and maintain a dollar  weighted  average  maturity of three years or
less.  Each of the  Central  Funds will be managed  specifically  to  maintain a
highly liquid portfolio,  and access to them will enhance each Fund's ability to
manage Uninvested Cash.                                                         

Each Fund will invest  Uninvested  Cash in Central Funds only to the extent that
each Fund's aggregate investment in the Central Funds does not exceed 25% of its
total  assets.  Purchase  and sales of shares of  Central  Funds are made at net
asset value.                                                                    

Lending of  Portfolio  Securities.  Each Fund may seek to increase its income by
lending   portfolio   securities.   Such   loans  may  be  made  to   registered
broker/dealers  and are required to be secured  continuously  by  collateral  in
cash,  U.S.  Government  Securities  and  liquid  high  grade  debt  obligations
maintained  on a current  basis at an amount at least equal to the market  value
and accrued interest of the securities loaned. Each Fund has the right to call a
loan and obtain the  securities  loaned on no more than five days' notice or, in
connection with securities trading on foreign markets, within such longer period
of time which  coincides  with the normal  settlement  period for  purchases and
sales of such  securities  in such foreign  markets.  During the  existence of a
loan, a Fund will continue to receive the equivalent of any  distributions  paid
by the issuer on the securities loaned and will also receive  compensation based
on investment of the  collateral.  As with other  extensions of credit there are
risks of delay in recovery or even loss of rights in the  collateral  should the
borrower of the securities  fail  financially.  However,  the loans will be made
only to firms  deemed by the  Advisor to be in good  standing.  The value of the
securities  loaned will not exceed 5% of the value of a Fund's  total  assets at
the time any loan is made.                                                      

Real Estate Investment Trusts ("REITs").  Global Fund may invest in REITs. REITs
are  sometimes  informally  characterized  as equity REITs,  mortgage  REITs and
hybrid REITs.  Investment in REITs may subject the Fund to risks associated with
the direct  ownership of real estate,  such as decreases in real estate  values,
overbuilding,  increased competition and other risks related to local or general
economic conditions, increases in operating costs and property taxes, changes in
zoning  laws,   casualty  or   condemnation   losses,   possible   environmental
liabilities,  regulatory  limitations on rent and fluctuations in rental income.
Equity REITs generally  experience these risks directly through fee or leasehold
interests,  whereas  mortgage REITs generally  experience these risks indirectly
through  mortgage  interests,   unless  the  mortgage  REIT  forecloses  on  the
underlying  real estate.  Changes in interest rates may also affect the value of
the Fund's  investment  in REITs.  For  instance,  during  periods of  declining
interest  rates,  certain  mortgage REITs may hold mortgages that the mortgagors
elect to prepay, which prepayment may diminish the yield on securities issued by
those REITs.                                                                    

Certain REITs have relatively  small market  capitalizations,  which may tend to
increase the  volatility of the market price of their  securities.  Furthermore,
REITs  are  dependent  upon   specialized   management   skills,   have  limited
diversification and are,  therefore,  subject to risks inherent in operating and
financing a limited  number of  projects.  REITs are also  subject to heavy cash
flow dependency, defaults by borrowers and the possibility of failing to qualify
for tax-free  pass-through of income under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
amended  (the  "Code"),   and  to  maintain   exemption  from  the  registration
requirements of the 1940 Act. By investing in REITs indirectly through the Fund,
a shareholder will bear not only his or her proportionate  share of the expenses
of the Fund's, but also, indirectly, similar expenses of the REITs. In addition,
REITs  depend  generally  on  their  ability  to  generate  cash  flow  to  make
distributions to shareholders.                                                  

Repurchase Agreements. Each Fund may invest in repurchase agreements pursuant to
its  investment  guidelines.  In  a  repurchase  agreement,  the  Fund  acquires
ownership of a security and  simultaneously  commits to resell that  security to
the  seller,  typically  a bank or  broker/dealer.  Some  repurchase  commitment
transactions may not provide a Fund with collateral  marked-to-market during the
term of the commitment.                                                         

16

P-->497117th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 117th
A repurchase  agreement  provides a means for a Fund to earn income on funds for
periods as short as overnight.  It is an  arrangement  under which the purchaser
(i.e., a Fund) acquires a security  ("Obligation") and the seller agrees, at the
time of sale,  to  repurchase  the  Obligation  at a  specified  time and price.
Securities  subject to a repurchase  agreement are held in a segregated  account
and the value of such securities kept at least equal to the repurchase  price on
a daily basis.  The repurchase  price may be higher than the purchase price, the
difference being income to a Fund, or the purchase and repurchase  prices may be
the same,  with  interest  at a stated  rate due to the Fund  together  with the
repurchase  price  upon  repurchase.  In either  case,  the  income to a Fund is
unrelated to the interest rate on the  Obligation  itself.  Obligations  will be
held by the Custodian or in the Federal Reserve Book Entry system.              

It is not clear  whether a court would  consider the  Obligation  purchased by a
Fund  subject to a  repurchase  agreement  as being  owned by a Fund or as being
collateral for a loan by a Fund to the seller.  In the event of the commencement
of  bankruptcy  or  insolvency  proceedings  with  respect  to the seller of the
Obligation before repurchase of the Obligation under a repurchase  agreement,  a
Fund may encounter delay and incur costs before being able to sell the security.
Delays may involve  loss of interest or decline in price of the  Obligation.  If
the court characterizes the transaction as a loan and a Fund has not perfected a
security  interest  in the  Obligation,  a Fund may be  required  to return  the
Obligation to the seller's estate and be treated as an unsecured creditor of the
seller. As an unsecured creditor,  a Fund would be at risk of losing some or all
of the principal and income involved in the  transaction.  As with any unsecured
debt  instrument  purchased for a Fund,  the Advisor seeks to reduce the risk of
loss through  repurchase  agreements  by analyzing the  creditworthiness  of the
obligor,  in this case the  seller  of the  Obligation.  Apart  from the risk of
bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings, there is also the risk that the seller may
fail to repurchase the Obligation,  in which case a Fund may incur a loss if the
proceeds to the Fund of the sale to a third  party are less than the  repurchase
price.  However,  if the market  value  (including  interest)of  the  Obligation
subject to the  repurchase  agreement  becomes  less than the  repurchase  price
(including interest), a Fund will direct the seller of the Obligation to deliver
additional  securities so that the market value of all securities subject to the
repurchase  agreement will equal or exceed the repurchase  price. It is possible
that a Fund will be unsuccessful in seeking to enforce the seller's  contractual
obligation to deliver additional securities.                                    

Reverse  Repurchase  Agreements.  Each Fund may enter into  "reverse  repurchase
agreements,"  which are repurchase  agreements in which a Fund, as the seller of
the securities,  agrees to repurchase such securities at an agreed upon time and
price.  Each Fund maintains a segregated  account in connection with outstanding
reverse  repurchase  agreements.  Each Fund will enter into  reverse  repurchase
agreements only when the Advisor  believes that the interest income to be earned
from the investment of the proceeds of the transaction  will be greater than the
interest expense of the transaction. Such transactions may increase fluctuations
in the market value of a Fund's assets and its yield.                           

Trust Preferred Securities.  Each Fund may invest in Trust Preferred Securities,
which are hybrid  instruments  issued by a special  purpose  trust (the "Special
Trust"),  the entire equity  interest of which is owned by a single issuer.  The
proceeds of the issuance to a Fund of Trust  Preferred  Securities are typically
used to purchase a junior  subordinated  debenture,  and distributions  from the
Special  Trust are funded by the  payments  of  principal  and  interest  on the
subordinated debenture.                                                         

If payments on the underlying junior subordinated debentures held by the Special
Trust are deferred by the debenture  issuer,  the debentures would be treated as
original issue discount ("OID")  obligations for the remainder of their term. As
a  result,  holders  of Trust  Preferred  Securities,  such as a Fund,  would be
required to accrue  daily for  Federal  income tax  purposes  their share of the
stated interest and the de minimis OID on the debentures  (regardless of whether
a Fund receives any cash distributions from the Special Trust), and the value of
Trust  Preferred  Securities  would  likely  be  negatively  affected.  Interest
payments on the underlying junior subordinated  debentures typically may only be
deferred if dividends are  suspended on both common and  preferred  stock of the
issuer. The underlying junior  subordinated  debentures  generally rank slightly
higher in terms of payment priority than both common and preferred securities of
the issuer,  but rank below other  subordinated  debentures and debt securities.
Trust Preferred  Securities may be subject to mandatory prepayment under certain
circumstances.  The  market  values of Trust  Preferred  Securities  may be more
volatile than those of conventional debt securities.  Trust Preferred Securities
may be issued in reliance on Rule 144A under the 1933 Act, and, unless and until
registered,  are  restricted  securities;  there can be no  assurance  as to the
liquidity  of Trust  Preferred  Securities  and the  ability of holders of Trust
Preferred Securities, such as a Fund, to sell their holdings.                   

Warrants. International Fund may invest in warrants up to 5% of the value of its
net assets. The holder of a warrant has the right, until the warrant expires, to
purchase a given number of shares of a particular  issuer at a specified        

17

P-->497118th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 118th
price.  Such investments can provide a greater potential for profit or loss than
an equivalent  investment in the underlying security.  Prices of warrants do not
necessarily  move in  tandem  with  the  prices  of the  underlying  securities,
however, and are, therefore, considered to be speculative investments.  Warrants
pay no dividends and confer no rights other than a purchase  option.  Thus, if a
warrant held by the Fund were not exercised by the date of its  expiration,  the
Fund would lose the entire purchase price of the warrant.                       

When-Issued  and Forward  Delivery  Securities.  Each Fund may from time to time
purchase  equity and debt securities on a  "when-issued"  or "forward  delivery"
basis. The price of such  securities,  which may be expressed in yield terms, is
fixed at the time the  commitment to purchase is made,  but delivery and payment
for the when-issued or forward delivery  securities takes place at a later date.
During the period between purchase and settlement,  no payment is made by a Fund
to the issuer and no interest  accrues to a Fund. To the extent that assets of a
Fund are held in cash pending the settlement of a purchase of securities, a Fund
would earn no income;  however, it is each Fund's intention to be fully invested
to the extent  practicable  and  subject to the  policies  stated  above.  While
when-issued or forward  delivery  securities may be sold prior to the settlement
date, each Fund intends to purchase such securities with the purpose of actually
acquiring them unless a sale appears  desirable for investment  reasons.  At the
time a Fund makes the  commitment  to  purchase a security on a  when-issued  or
forward  delivery basis, it will record the transaction and reflect the value of
the security in determining  its net asset value. At the time of the settlement,
the market value of the when-issued or forward  delivery  securities may be more
or less than the purchase  price.  Each Fund does not believe that its net asset
value or income will be adversely  affected by its purchase of  securities  on a
when-issued or forward delivery basis.                                          

Zero Coupon  Securities.  Global Fund may invest in zero coupon securities which
pay no cash  income and are sold at  substantial  discounts  from their value at
maturity.  When  held to  maturity,  their  entire  income,  which  consists  of
accretion of  discount,  comes from the  difference  between the issue price and
their value at maturity.  Zero coupon  securities  are subject to greater market
value  fluctuations  from  changing  interest  rates  than debt  obligations  of
comparable  maturities which make current distributions of interest (cash). Zero
coupon  securities which are convertible into common stock offer the opportunity
for capital  appreciation  as increases  (or  decreases) in market value of such
securities  closely  follows the movements in the market value of the underlying
common stock. Zero coupon  convertible  securities  generally are expected to be
less volatile than the underlying common stocks, as they usually are issued with
maturities  of 15 years or less and are issued with  options  and/or  redemption
features  exercisable  by the holder of the  obligation  entitling the holder to
redeem the obligation and receive a defined cash payment.                       

Zero coupon securities  include securities issued directly by the U.S. Treasury,
and U.S.  Treasury  bonds or notes  and their  unmatured  interest  coupons  and
receipts for their underlying principal ("coupons") which have been separated by
their holder,  typically a custodian bank or investment brokerage firm. A holder
will separate the interest coupons from the underlying  principal (the "corpus")
of the U.S.  Treasury  security.  A number of  securities  firms and banks  have
stripped  the  interest  coupons and  receipts and then resold them in custodial
receipt  programs with a number of different names,  including  "Treasury Income
Growth   Receipts"   (TIGRS(TM))   and  Certificate  of  Accrual  on  Treasuries
(CATS(TM)).  The underlying U.S. Treasury bonds and notes themselves are held in
book-entry form at the Federal Reserve Bank or, in the case of bearer securities
(i.e.,  unregistered  securities  which are owned  ostensibly  by the  bearer or
holder  thereof),  in trust on  behalf of the  owners  thereof.  Counsel  to the
underwriters  of these  certificates or other evidences of ownership of the U.S.
Treasury  securities have stated that, for federal tax and securities  purposes,
in their opinion purchasers of such certificates,  such as the Fund, most likely
will  be  deemed  the  beneficial  holder  of  the  underlying  U.S.  Government
securities.  The Fund  understands  that the staff of the Division of Investment
Management of the SEC no longer considers such privately stripped obligations to
be U.S. Government securities,  as defined in the 1940 Act; therefore,  the Fund
intends  to adhere to this  staff  position  and will not treat  such  privately
stripped  obligations  to be  U.S.  Government  securities  for the  purpose  of
determining if the Global Fund is "diversified" under the 1940 Act.             

The  U.S.  Treasury  has  facilitated  transfers  of  ownership  of zero  coupon
securities by accounting  separately for the beneficial  ownership of particular
interest coupon and corpus payments on Treasury  securities  through the Federal
Reserve  book-entry  record  keeping  system.  The  Federal  Reserve  program as
established by the Treasury Department is known as "STRIPS" or "Separate Trading
of Registered  Interest and Principal of Securities."  Under the STRIPS program,
the Fund will be able to have its beneficial ownership of zero coupon securities
recorded directly in the book-entry  record-keeping  system in lieu of having to
hold  certificates  or other  evidences  of  ownership  of the  underlying  U.S.
Treasury securities.                                                            

18

P-->497119th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 119th
When U.S.  Treasury  obligations have been stripped of their unmatured  interest
coupons  by the  holder,  the  principal  or corpus  is sold at a deep  discount
because the buyer  receives  only the right to receive a future fixed payment on
the  security  and does not  receive  any  rights to  periodic  interest  (cash)
payments.  Once  stripped  or  separated,  the  corpus and  coupons  may be sold
separately.  Typically,  the coupons are sold  separately  or grouped with other
coupons with like  maturity  dates and sold bundled in such form.  Purchasers of
stripped  obligations   acquire,  in  effect,   discount  obligations  that  are
economically  identical to the zero coupon  securities  that the Treasury  sells
itself.                                                                         

Strategic  Transactions and Derivatives.  Each Fund may, but is not required to,
utilize various other investment  strategies as described below for a variety of
purposes,  such as hedging various market risks, managing the effective maturity
or duration of  fixed-income  securities  in a Fund's  portfolio,  or  enhancing
potential gain.  These  strategies may be executed through the use of derivative
contracts.                                                                      

In the course of pursuing these investment strategies, the Fund may purchase and
sell  exchange-listed and  over-the-counter  put and call options on securities,
equity and fixed-income indices and other instruments, purchase and sell futures
contracts and options thereon,  enter into various  transactions  such as swaps,
caps, floors, collars,  currency forward contracts,  currency futures contracts,
currency swaps or options on currencies,  or currency  futures and various other
currency  transactions  (collectively,  all  the  above  are  called  "Strategic
Transactions").  In  addition,  strategic  transactions  may  also  include  new
techniques,  instruments or strategies that are permitted as regulatory  changes
occur.  Strategic  Transactions  may be used without  limit  (subject to certain
limitations  imposed by the 1940 Act) to attempt  to  protect  against  possible
changes in the  market  value of  securities  held in or to be  purchased  for a
Fund's  portfolio  resulting from securities  markets or currency  exchange rate
fluctuations, to protect a Fund's unrealized gains in the value of its portfolio
securities,  to facilitate the sale of such securities for investment  purposes,
to manage the  effective  maturity or duration of  fixed-income  securities in a
Fund's  portfolio,  or to establish a position in the  derivatives  markets as a
substitute  for  purchasing or selling  particular  securities.  Some  Strategic
Transactions  may also be used to enhance  potential gain though no more than 5%
of a Fund's assets will be committed to Strategic  Transactions entered into for
non-hedging  purposes.  Any or all of these investment techniques may be used at
any time  and in any  combination,  and  there is no  particular  strategy  that
dictates the use of one technique  rather than another,  as use of any Strategic
Transaction is a function of numerous variables including market conditions. The
ability of the Fund to utilize these Strategic  Transactions  successfully  will
depend on the Advisor's  ability to predict  pertinent market  movements,  which
cannot be assured. The Funds will comply with applicable regulatory requirements
when  implementing  these  strategies,  techniques  and  instruments.  Strategic
Transactions  will  not be used to alter  fundamental  investment  purposes  and
characteristics  of the  Funds,  and the  Funds  will  segregate  assets  (or as
provided by applicable regulations,  enter into certain offsetting positions) to
cover its obligations  under options,  futures and swaps to limit  leveraging of
the Funds.                                                                      

Strategic  Transactions,  including derivative contracts,  have risks associated
with them  including  possible  default by the other  party to the  transaction,
illiquidity and, to the extent the Advisor's view as to certain market movements
is incorrect,  the risk that the use of such Strategic Transactions could result
in losses  greater  than if they had not been used.  Use of put and call options
may  result  in  losses  to a Fund,  force  the sale or  purchase  of  portfolio
securities  at  inopportune  times or for prices higher than (in the case of put
options)  or lower than (in the case of call  options)  current  market  values,
limit the amount of  appreciation a Fund can realize on its investments or cause
the  Fund to hold a  security  it  might  otherwise  sell.  The use of  currency
transactions can result in the Funds incurring losses as a result of a number of
factors   including  the   imposition  of  exchange   controls,   suspension  of
settlements,  or the inability to deliver or receive a specified  currency.  The
use of  options  and  futures  transactions  entails  certain  other  risks.  In
particular,  the  variable  degree of  correlation  between  price  movements of
futures  contracts and price  movements in the related  portfolio  position of a
Fund  creates  the  possibility  that losses on the  hedging  instrument  may be
greater than gains in the value of a Fund's position.  In addition,  futures and
options   markets   may  not  be  liquid  in  all   circumstances   and  certain
over-the-counter options may have no markets. As a result, in certain markets, a
Fund might not be able to close out a transaction without incurring  substantial
losses,  if at all.  Although  the use of futures and options  transactions  for
hedging  should tend to minimize  the risk of loss due to a decline in the value
of the hedged  position,  at the same time they tend to limit any potential gain
which might  result from an increase  in value of such  position.  Finally,  the
daily variation margin requirements for futures contracts would create a greater
ongoing  potential  financial  risk than would  purchases of options,  where the
exposure is limited to the cost of the initial  premium.  Losses  resulting from
the use of Strategic  Transactions  would  reduce net asset value,  and possibly
income,  and such losses can be greater than if the Strategic  Transactions  had
not been utilized.                                                              

General  Characteristics of Futures.  The Funds may enter into futures contracts
or  purchase  or sell put and call  options on such  futures as a hedge  against
anticipated  interest rate, currency or equity market changes,  and for         

19

P-->497120th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 120th
duration management,  risk management and return enhancement  purposes.  Futures
are generally bought and sold on the commodities exchanges where they are listed
with payment of initial and variation  margin as described  below. The sale of a
futures contract  creates a firm obligation by the Funds, as seller,  to deliver
to the  buyer  the  specific  type of  financial  instrument  called  for in the
contract at a specific  future time for a specified  price (or,  with respect to
index  futures and  Eurodollar  instruments,  the net cash  amount).  Options on
futures  contracts are similar to options on securities except that an option on
a futures  contract gives the purchaser the right in return for the premium paid
to assume a position in a futures  contract and  obligates the seller to deliver
such position.                                                                  

A Fund's use of futures and options thereon will in all cases be consistent with
applicable  regulatory  requirements and in particular the rules and regulations
of the Commodity  Futures  Trading  Commission and will be entered into for bona
fide hedging, risk management (including duration management) or other portfolio
and return enhancement  management  purposes.  Typically,  maintaining a futures
contract  or  selling  an  option  thereon  requires  a Fund to  deposit  with a
financial  intermediary  as security  for its  obligations  an amount of cash or
other specified  assets (initial  margin) which initially is typically 1% to 10%
of the face amount of the  contract  (but may be higher in some  circumstances).
Additional  cash or assets  (variation  margin) may be required to be  deposited
thereafter  on a  daily  basis  as the  mark to  market  value  of the  contract
fluctuates. The purchase of an option on financial futures involves payment of a
premium for the option without any further  obligation on the part of the Funds.
If the Funds exercise an option on a futures  contract they will be obligated to
post  initial  margin  (and  potential  subsequent  variation  margin)  for  the
resulting  futures  position  just  as they  would  for  any  position.  Futures
contracts  and  options  thereon  are  generally  settled  by  entering  into an
offsetting  transaction  but there can be no assurance  that the position can be
offset prior to  settlement  at an  advantageous  price,  nor that delivery will
occur.                                                                          

A Fund will not enter into a futures  contract  or related  option  (except  for
closing transactions) if, immediately  thereafter,  the sum of the amount of its
initial margin and premiums on open futures  contracts and options thereon would
exceed 5% of a Fund's total assets  (taken at current  value);  however,  in the
case of an  option  that  is  in-the-money  at the  time  of the  purchase,  the
in-the-money  amount may be  excluded  in  calculating  the 5%  limitation.  The
segregation  requirements  with respect to futures contracts and options thereon
are described below.                                                            

General  Characteristics of Options. Put options and call options typically have
similar structural  characteristics and operational  mechanics regardless of the
underlying  instrument on which they are purchased or sold.  Thus, the following
general  discussion relates to each of the particular types of options discussed
in greater  detail below.  In addition,  many Strategic  Transactions  involving
options  require  segregation of Fund assets in special  accounts,  as described
below under "Use of Segregated and Other Special Accounts."                     

A put option gives the purchaser of the option,  upon payment of a premium,  the
right to sell, and the writer the  obligation to buy, the  underlying  security,
commodity,  index,  currency or other  instrument  at the  exercise  price.  For
instance,  a Fund's  purchase of a put option on a security might be designed to
protect its holdings in the underlying  instrument (or, in some cases, a similar
instrument)  against a  substantial  decline in the  market  value by giving the
Funds the right to sell such  instrument at the option  exercise  price.  A call
option,  upon payment of a premium,  gives the purchaser of the option the right
to buy, and the seller the obligation to sell, the underlying  instrument at the
exercise  price.  A Fund's  purchase of a call  option on a security,  financial
future,  index, currency or other instrument might be intended to protect a Fund
against an increase in the price of the underlying instrument that it intends to
purchase  in the  future  by  fixing  the  price at which it may  purchase  such
instrument.  An American  style put or call option may be  exercised at any time
during  the  option  period  while a  European  style put or call  option may be
exercised only upon expiration or during a fixed period prior thereto. The Funds
are authorized to purchase and sell exchange listed options and over-the-counter
options  ("OTC  options").  Exchange  listed  options  are issued by a regulated
intermediary such as the Options Clearing Corporation ("OCC"),  which guarantees
the  performance  of the  obligations  of  the  parties  to  such  options.  The
discussion  below uses the OCC as an example,  but is also  applicable  to other
financial intermediaries.                                                       

With certain exceptions, OCC issued and exchange listed options generally settle
by physical  delivery of the  underlying  security or currency,  although in the
future cash  settlement  may become  available.  Index  options  and  Eurodollar
instruments are cash settled for the net amount,  if any, by which the option is
"in-the-money"  (i.e., where the value of the underlying  instrument exceeds, in
the case of a call  option,  or is less than,  in the case of a put option,  the
exercise  price of the option) at the time the option is exercised.  Frequently,
rather than taking or making delivery of the underlying  instrument  through the
process of  exercising  the option,  listed  options are closed by entering into
offsetting  purchase or sale transactions that do not result in ownership of the
new option.                                                                     

20

P-->497121st Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 121st
A Fund's ability to close out its position as a purchaser or seller of an OCC or
exchange listed put or call option is dependent,  in part, upon the liquidity of
the option market. Among the possible reasons for the absence of a liquid option
market on an exchange are: (i) insufficient trading interest in certain options;
(ii) restrictions on transactions  imposed by an exchange;  (iii) trading halts,
suspensions or other restrictions  imposed with respect to particular classes or
series of  options or  underlying  securities  including  reaching  daily  price
limits;  (iv)  interruption of the normal  operations of the OCC or an exchange;
(v) inadequacy of the facilities of an exchange or OCC to handle current trading
volume;  or (vi) a decision by one or more exchanges to discontinue  the trading
of options  (or a  particular  class or series of  options),  in which event the
relevant market for that option on that exchange would cease to exist,  although
outstanding  options on that exchange would generally continue to be exercisable
in accordance with their terms.                                                 

The hours of trading for listed  options may not coincide  with the hours during
which the underlying  financial  instruments are traded.  To the extent that the
option   markets  close  before  the  markets  for  the   underlying   financial
instruments,  significant  price  and  rate  movements  can  take  place  in the
underlying markets that cannot be reflected in the option markets.              

OTC  options  are  purchased  from  or  sold to  securities  dealers,  financial
institutions  or  other  parties  ("Counterparties")  through  direct  bilateral
agreement with the Counterparty.  In contrast to exchange listed options,  which
generally have standardized terms and performance mechanics, all the terms of an
OTC option, including such terms as method of settlement,  term, exercise price,
premium,  guarantees and security,  are set by  negotiation of the parties.  The
Funds will only sell OTC options  (other  than OTC  currency  options)  that are
subject to a buy-back provision permitting the Funds to require the Counterparty
to sell the option back to the Funds at a formula  price within seven days.  The
Funds  expect  generally  to enter into OTC  options  that have cash  settlement
provisions, although they are not required to do so.                            

Unless the  parties  provide  for it,  there is no central  clearing or guaranty
function in an OTC option.  As a result,  if the  Counterparty  fails to make or
take delivery of the security,  currency or other  instrument  underlying an OTC
option it has  entered  into  with the Funds or fails to make a cash  settlement
payment due in accordance with the terms of that option, the Funds will lose any
premium  they paid for the  option  as well as any  anticipated  benefit  of the
transaction.  Accordingly,  the Advisor must assess the creditworthiness of each
such Counterparty or any guarantor or credit  enhancement of the  Counterparty's
credit to  determine  the  likelihood  that the terms of the OTC option  will be
satisfied.  The Funds  will  engage in OTC  option  transactions  only with U.S.
government securities dealers recognized by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York
as "primary  dealers"  or  broker/dealers,  domestic  or foreign  banks or other
financial  institutions which have received (or the guarantors of the obligation
of which have  received) a short-term  credit rating of A-1 from S&P or P-1 from
Moody's or an  equivalent  rating  from any  nationally  recognized  statistical
rating organization ("NRSRO") or, in the case of OTC currency transactions,  are
determined to be of equivalent  credit quality by the Advisor.  The staff of the
SEC currently  takes the position that OTC options  purchased by the Funds,  and
portfolio securities "covering" the amount of a Fund's obligation pursuant to an
OTC option sold by it (the cost of the sell-back plus the  in-the-money  amount,
if any) are  illiquid,  and are subject to a Fund's  limitation  on investing no
more than 15% of its net assets in illiquid securities.                         

If the Funds sell a call  option,  the premium  that they receive may serve as a
partial hedge,  to the extent of the option  premium,  against a decrease in the
value of the underlying  securities or  instruments  in their  portfolio or will
increase a Fund's income. The sale of put options can also provide income.      

The Funds may  purchase  and sell call  options  on  securities  including  U.S.
Treasury and agency securities,  mortgage-backed  securities,  foreign sovereign
debt,  corporate  debt  securities,  equity  securities  (including  convertible
securities)  and  Eurodollar  instruments  that are traded on U.S.  and  foreign
securities  exchanges  and in the  over-the-counter  markets,  and on securities
indices,  currencies and futures contracts.  All calls sold by the Funds must be
"covered"  (i.e.,  the Funds must own the securities or futures contract subject
to the call) or must meet the asset segregation  requirements described below as
long as the call is  outstanding.  Even though the Funds will receive the option
premium to help protect them against  loss, a call sold by the Funds exposes the
Funds during the term of the option to possible loss of  opportunity  to realize
appreciation  in the market price of the  underlying  security or instrument and
may  require  the  Funds to hold a  security  or  instrument  which  they  might
otherwise have sold.                                                            

The Funds  may  purchase  and sell put  options  on  securities  including  U.S.
Treasury and agency securities,  mortgage-backed  securities,  foreign sovereign
debt,  corporate  debt  securities,  equity  securities  (including  convertible
securities)  and  Eurodollar  instruments  (whether  or not they  hold the above
securities in their  portfolios),  and on                                       

21

P-->497122nd Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 122nd
securities  indices,  currencies  and futures  contracts  other than  futures on
individual  corporate debt and individual equity securities.  The Funds will not
sell put  options  if, as a result,  more than 50% of a Fund's  assets  would be
required to be  segregated  to cover its  potential  obligations  under such put
options other than those with respect to futures and options thereon. In selling
put  options,  there  is a risk  that  the  Funds  may be  required  to buy  the
underlying security at a disadvantageous price above the market price.          

Options on Securities  Indices and Other Financial  Indices.  The Funds also may
purchase and sell call and put options on securities indices and other financial
indices and in so doing can achieve many of the same objectives it would achieve
through  the sale or  purchase  of options  on  individual  securities  or other
instruments.  Options on  securities  indices  and other  financial  indices are
similar to options on a security or other  instrument  except that,  rather than
settling by physical delivery of the underlying instrument,  they settle by cash
settlement,  i.e.,  an option on an index gives the holder the right to receive,
upon exercise of the option, an amount of cash if the closing level of the index
upon which the option is based exceeds,  in the case of a call, or is less than,
in the case of a put, the exercise  price of the option  (except if, in the case
of an OTC option, physical delivery is specified).  This amount of cash is equal
to the excess of the closing  price of the index over the exercise  price of the
option,  which  also may be  multiplied  by a formula  value.  The seller of the
option is  obligated,  in return for the premium  received,  to make delivery of
this  amount.  The  gain or loss on an  option  on an  index  depends  on  price
movements in the instruments making up the market,  market segment,  industry or
other  composite  on which the  underlying  index is based,  rather  than  price
movements in  individual  securities,  as is the case with respect to options on
securities.                                                                     

Risks of Strategic  Transactions  Outside the U.S.  When  conducted  outside the
U.S., Strategic  Transactions may not be regulated as rigorously as in the U.S.,
may not involve a clearing mechanism and related guarantees,  and are subject to
the risk of governmental actions affecting trading in, or the prices of, foreign
securities,  currencies and other instruments.  The value of such positions also
could be adversely affected by: (i) other complex foreign  political,  legal and
economic factors,  (ii) lesser availability than in the U.S. of data on which to
make trading  decisions,  (iii) delays in a Fund's  ability to act upon economic
events occurring in foreign markets during  non-business hours in the U.S., (iv)
the  imposition of different  exercise and  settlement  terms and procedures and
margin  requirements  than  in the  U.S.,  and  (v)  lower  trading  volume  and
liquidity.                                                                      

Combined Transactions. The Funds may enter into multiple transactions, including
multiple options transactions,  multiple futures transactions, multiple currency
transactions  (including forward currency  contracts) and multiple interest rate
transactions and any combination of futures, options, currency and interest rate
transactions   ("component"   transactions),   instead  of  a  single  Strategic
Transaction,  as part of a single or combined  strategy  when, in the opinion of
the  Advisor,  it is in the best  interests  of the  Funds to do so. A  combined
transaction  will usually  contain  elements of risk that are present in each of
its component transactions.  Although combined transactions are normally entered
into based on the Advisor's  judgment that the combined  strategies  will reduce
risk or otherwise  more  effectively  achieve the desired  portfolio  management
goal, it is possible that the  combination  will instead  increase such risks or
hinder achievement of the portfolio management objective.                       

Swaps, Caps, Floors and Collars. Among the Strategic Transactions into which the
Funds may enter  are  interest  rate,  currency,  index and other  swaps and the
purchase or sale of related caps, floors and collars.  The Funds expect to enter
into these transactions primarily to preserve a return or spread on a particular
investment  or  portion  of  its   portfolio,   to  protect   against   currency
fluctuations,  as a duration  management  technique  or to protect  against  any
increase in the price of securities the Funds  anticipate  purchasing at a later
date. The Funds will not sell interest rate caps or floors where they do not own
securities  or other  instruments  providing  the income stream the Funds may be
obligated  to pay.  Interest  rate swaps  involve the exchange by the Funds with
another party of their respective commitments to pay or receive interest,  e.g.,
an exchange of floating  rate payments for fixed rate payments with respect to a
notional  amount of principal.  A currency swap is an agreement to exchange cash
flows on a notional amount of two or more currencies based on the relative value
differential among them, and an index swap is an agreement to swap cash flows on
a notional amount based on changes in the values of the reference  indices.  The
purchase  of a cap  entitles  the  purchaser  to receive  payments on a notional
principal  amount from the party selling such cap to the extent that a specified
index exceeds a predetermined  interest rate or amount.  The purchase of a floor
entitles the purchaser to receive  payments on a notional  principal amount from
the party selling such floor to the extent that a specified  index falls below a
predetermined  interest rate or amount. A collar is a combination of a cap and a
floor that preserves a certain return within a  predetermined  range of interest
rates or values.                                                                

The Funds will usually  enter into swaps on a net basis,  i.e.,  the two payment
streams  are  netted  out in a cash  settlement  on the  payment  date or  dates
specified in the instrument, with the Funds receiving or paying, as the case    

22

P-->497123rd Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 123rd
may be,  only the net  amount of the two  payments.  Inasmuch  as the Funds will
segregate assets (or enter into offsetting positions) to cover their obligations
under  swaps,  the  Advisor  and  the  Funds  believe  such  obligations  do not
constitute senior securities under the 1940 Act and, accordingly, will not treat
them as being subject to their borrowing restrictions.  The Funds will not enter
into any swap, cap, floor or collar transaction  unless, at the time of entering
into  such  transaction,  the  unsecured  long-term  debt  of the  Counterparty,
combined with any credit enhancements,  is rated at least A by S&P or Moody's or
has an  equivalent  rating  from a NRSRO or is  determined  to be of  equivalent
credit quality by the Advisor.  If there is a default by the  Counterparty,  the
Funds may have contractual  remedies  pursuant to the agreements  related to the
transaction.  The swap  market has grown  substantially  in recent  years with a
large number of banks and investment banking firms acting both as principals and
as agents  utilizing  standardized  swap  documentation.  As a result,  the swap
market has become  relatively  liquid.  Caps, floors and collars are more recent
innovations  for  which  standardized  documentation  has  not  yet  been  fully
developed and, accordingly, they are less liquid than swaps.                    

Use of Segregated and Other Special Accounts.  Many Strategic  Transactions,  in
addition to other  requirements,  require that a Fund  segregate  cash or liquid
assets with its  custodian  to the extent  Fund  obligations  are not  otherwise
"covered" through ownership of the underlying security,  financial instrument or
currency.  In general,  either the full amount of any obligation by the Funds to
pay or  deliver  securities  or  assets  must be  covered  at all  times  by the
securities, instruments or currency required to be delivered, or, subject to any
regulatory  restrictions,  an amount of cash or liquid  assets at least equal to
the current amount of the obligation must be segregated with the custodian.  The
segregated  assets cannot be sold or transferred  unless  equivalent  assets are
substituted in their place or it is no longer  necessary to segregate  them. For
example,  a call option  written by the Funds will require the Funds to hold the
securities  subject  to the  call (or  securities  convertible  into the  needed
securities  without  additional  consideration)  or to segregate  cash or liquid
assets  sufficient  to  purchase  and  deliver  the  securities  if the  call is
exercised. A call option sold by the Funds on an index will require the Funds to
own portfolio  securities which correlate with the index or to segregate cash or
liquid assets equal to the excess of the index value over the exercise  price on
a  current  basis.  A put  option  written  by the Funds  requires  the Funds to
segregate cash or liquid assets equal to the exercise price.                    

Except when the Funds enter into a forward  contract for the purchase or sale of
a security denominated in a particular currency,  which requires no segregation,
a currency  contract  which  obligates  the Funds to buy or sell  currency  will
generally  require the Funds to hold an amount of that currency or liquid assets
denominated  in that currency  equal to the Funds'  obligations  or to segregate
cash or liquid assets equal to the amount of a Fund's obligation.               

OTC options entered into by the Funds, including those on securities,  currency,
financial  instruments  or  indices  and OCC issued and  exchange  listed  index
options, will generally provide for cash settlement.  As a result, when the Fund
sells  these  instruments  it will  only  segregate  an amount of cash or liquid
assets  equal to its accrued net  obligations,  as there is no  requirement  for
payment or delivery of amounts in excess of the net amount.  These  amounts will
equal 100% of the exercise price in the case of a non cash-settled put, the same
as an OCC guaranteed listed option sold by the Funds, or the in-the-money amount
plus any sell-back  formula amount in the case of a cash-settled put or call. In
addition,  when  the Fund  sells a call  option  on an index at a time  when the
in-the-money  amount exceeds the exercise price, the Fund will segregate,  until
the option expires or is closed out, cash or cash equivalents  equal in value to
such excess. OCC issued and exchange listed options sold by the Funds other than
those above  generally  settle with  physical  delivery,  or with an election of
either  physical  delivery or cash  settlement  and the Fund will  segregate  an
amount of cash or  liquid  assets  equal to the full  value of the  option.  OTC
options settling with physical delivery,  or with an election of either physical
delivery or cash settlement  will be treated the same as other options  settling
with physical delivery.                                                         

In the case of a futures  contract or an option  thereon,  the Fund must deposit
initial  margin and possible daily  variation  margin in addition to segregating
cash or liquid assets sufficient to meet their obligation to purchase or provide
securities  or  currencies,  or to pay the amount owed at the  expiration  of an
index-based  futures  contract.  Such liquid  assets may  consist of cash,  cash
equivalents, liquid debt or equity securities or other acceptable assets.       

With  respect to swaps,  the Fund will accrue the net amount of the  excess,  if
any, of their  obligations over its entitlements  with respect to each swap on a
daily basis and will segregate an amount of cash or liquid assets having a value
equal to the accrued excess.  Caps,  floors and collars  require  segregation of
assets with a value equal to the Fund's net obligation, if any.                 

23

P-->497124th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 124th
Strategic  Transactions  may be covered  by other  means  when  consistent  with
applicable   regulatory   policies.  A  Fund  may  also  enter  into  offsetting
transactions so that its combined position,  coupled with any segregated assets,
equals  its  net  outstanding   obligation  in  related  options  and  Strategic
Transactions.  For example,  the Fund could  purchase a put option if the strike
price of that option is the same or higher than the strike price of a put option
sold by the Fund. Moreover, if a Fund held a futures or forward contract instead
of segregating cash or liquid assets, it could purchase a put option on the same
futures or forward contract with a strike price as high or higher than the price
of the  contract  held.  Other  Strategic  Transactions  may also be  offset  in
combinations.  If the offsetting  transaction terminates at the time of or after
the primary  transaction no segregation is required,  but if it terminates prior
to such time, cash or liquid assets equal to any remaining obligation would need
to be segregated.                                                               

Each Fund's activities  involving  Strategic  Transactions may be limited by the
requirements of Subchapter M of the Internal Revenue Code for qualification as a
regulated investment company.                                                   

Portfolio Turnover                                                              

Each Fund's average annual portfolio turnover rate is the ratio of the lesser of
sales or  purchases to the monthly  average  value of the  portfolio  securities
owned during the year,  excluding all securities  with  maturities or expiration
dates at the time of acquisition of one year or less. For the fiscal years ended
August 31, 2000 and August 31, 2001 Global Fund's portfolio  turnover rates were
60% and 40%, respectively.                                                      

For the fiscal  years ended  August 31,  2000 and August 31, 2001  International
Fund's portfolio turnover rates were 83% and 85%, respectively.                 

Purchases  and  sales are made for a Fund's  portfolio  whenever  necessary,  in
management's opinion, to meet that Fund's objective.                            

 MANAGEMENT OF THE FUNDS

Investment Advisor                                                              

Zurich Scudder Investments, Inc., an investment counsel firm, acts as investment
advisor to the Funds.  This  organization,  the predecessor of which is Scudder,
Stevens & Clark,  Inc.,  is one of the most  experienced  investment  counseling
firms in the U.S. It was  established as a partnership in 1919 and pioneered the
practice of providing  investment  counsel to individual clients on a fee basis.
In 1928 it introduced the first no-load  mutual fund to the public.  In 1953 the
Advisor  introduced  Scudder  International  Fund,  Inc.,  the first mutual fund
available in the U.S.  investing  internationally  in  securities  of issuers in
several foreign  countries.  The predecessor firm reorganized from a partnership
to a  corporation  on June 28,  1985.  On December 31,  1997,  Zurich  Insurance
Company  ("Zurich")  acquired a majority  interest  in the  Advisor,  and Zurich
Kemper Investments,  Inc., a Zurich subsidiary,  became part of the Advisor. The
Advisor's name changed to Scudder Kemper Investments, Inc. On September 7, 1998,
the businesses of Zurich (including Zurich's 70% interest in Scudder Kemper) and
the financial  services  businesses of B.A.T  Industries  p.l.c.  ("B.A.T") were
combined to form a new global insurance and financial  services company known as
Zurich  Financial  Services Group.  By way of a dual holding company  structure,
former Zurich shareholders initially owned approximately 57% of Zurich Financial
Services Group, with the balance  initially owned by former B.A.T  shareholders.
On October 17, 2000,  the dual  holding  company  structure of Zurich  Financial
Services  Group,  comprised of Allied  Zurich p.l.c.  in the United  Kingdom and
Zurich  Allied A.G. in  Switzerland,  was unified  into a single  Swiss  holding
company,  Zurich  Financial  Services.  The  Advisor  manages  the Fund's  daily
investment  and  business  affairs  subject to the policies  established  by the
Corporation's Board of Directors.  The Directors have overall responsibility for
the  management  of the Fund under  Massachusetts  law. On January 1, 2001,  the
Advisor changed its name from Scudder Kemper Investments, Inc. to Zurich Scudder
Investments, Inc.                                                               

Founded in 1872, Zurich is a multinational,  public corporation  organized under
the laws of  Switzerland.  Its home  office is  located  at  Mythenquai  2, 8002
Zurich,  Switzerland.  Historically,  Zurich's  earnings  have resulted from its
operations as an insurer as well as from its ownership of its  subsidiaries  and
affiliated  companies  (the  "Zurich  Insurance  Group").  Zurich and the Zurich
Insurance  Group provide an extensive  range of insurance  products and services
and have branch offices and  subsidiaries  in more than 40 countries  throughout
the world.                                                                      

24

P-->497125th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 125th
The principal source of the Advisor's income is professional  fees received from
providing  continuous  investment advice.  Today, it provides investment counsel
for many individuals and institutions,  including insurance companies, colleges,
industrial  corporations,  and  financial and banking  organizations  as well as
providing investment advice to open and closed-end mutual funds.                

The Advisor  maintains a large research  department,  which conducts  continuous
studies of the factors that affect the position of various industries, companies
and  individual   securities.   The  Advisor  receives   published  reports  and
statistical  compilations  from issuers and other  sources,  as well as analyses
from  brokers  and  dealers  who  may  execute  portfolio  transactions  for the
Advisor's clients. However, the Advisor regards this information and material as
an  adjunct  to  its  own  research  activities.   The  Advisor's  international
investment management team travels the world, researching hundreds of companies.
In selecting the securities in which the Funds may invest,  the  conclusions and
investment  decisions  of the  Advisor  with  respect  to the  Funds  are  based
primarily on the analyses of its own research department.                       

Certain  investments  may be  appropriate  for a Fund and also for other clients
advised by the Advisor.  Investment  decisions  for a Fund and other clients are
made with a view to achieving their respective  investment  objectives and after
consideration  of such factors as their current  holdings,  availability of cash
for  investment  and the  size of their  investments  generally.  Frequently,  a
particular  security  may be bought or sold for only one client or in  different
amounts  and at  different  times for more  than one but less than all  clients.
Likewise,  a particular  security may be bought for one or more clients when one
or more other clients are selling the security. In addition,  purchases or sales
of the same  security  may be made for two or more  clients on the same day.  In
such event,  such  transactions  will be allocated among the clients in a manner
believed by the Advisor to be equitable to each. In some cases,  this  procedure
could have an adverse effect on the price or amount of the securities  purchased
or sold by a Fund.  Purchase  and sale  orders for a Fund may be  combined  with
those of other  clients of the  Advisor in the  interest of  achieving  the most
favorable net results to that Fund.                                             

In certain cases, the investments for a Fund are managed by the same individuals
who manage one or more other  mutual  funds  advised by the  Advisor,  that have
similar names,  objectives and investment  styles.  You should be aware that the
Funds are likely to differ  from these  other  mutual  funds in size,  cash flow
pattern and tax matters.  Accordingly, the holdings and performance of the Funds
can be expected to vary from those of these other mutual funds.                 

Upon  consummation  of the  transaction  between  Zurich and  B.A.T,  the Funds'
existing investment management agreement with Scudder Kemper were deemed to have
been assigned and,  therefore,  terminated.  The Board  approved new  investment
management agreements with Scudder Kemper, which were substantially identical to
the prior investment management agreement,  except for the date of execution and
termination.  The  agreements  became  effective  September  7,  1998,  upon the
termination  of the  then  current  investment  management  agreement  and  were
approved at a shareholder meeting held on December 15, 1998.                    

An Amended and Restated investment  management  agreement for Global Fund became
effective September 11, 2000, and was most recently approved by the Directors on
August 13, 2001. An Amended and Restated Agreement for International Fund became
effective on August 14, 2000 and was most recently  approved by the Directors on
August 13,  2001 and at a  shareholder  meeting  held on July 13,  2000 (each an
"Agreement,"  collectively  the  "Agreements").  The Agreements will continue in
effect until  September 30, 2002 and from year to year  thereafter  only if each
Agreement's  continuance is approved annually by the vote of a majority of those
Directors  who are not parties to such  Agreement or  interested  persons of the
Advisor or the Corporations,  cast in person at a meeting called for the purpose
of voting on such approval, and either by a vote of the Corporations'  Directors
or of a majority of the outstanding  voting  securities of the respective  Fund.
The  Agreements  may be  terminated  at any time  without  payment of penalty by
either party on sixty days' written  notice and  automatically  terminate in the
event of their assignment.                                                      

Under each Agreement,  the Advisor regularly  provides each Fund with continuing
investment  management  for the Fund's  portfolio  consistent  with each  Fund's
investment  objective,  policies and restrictions and determines what securities
shall be purchased,  held or sold and what portion of the Fund's assets shall be
held  uninvested,  subject  to  the  Corporation's  Articles  of  Incorporation,
By-Laws,  the  1940  Act,  the  Code and to each  Fund's  investment  objective,
policies  and  restrictions,   and  subject,   further,  to  such  policies  and
instructions  as the Board of Directors of the Corporation may from time to time
establish.  The Advisor also advises and assists the officers of the Corporation

25

P-->497126th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 126th
in taking such steps as are necessary or  appropriate to carry out the decisions
of its Directors and the appropriate  committees of the Directors  regarding the
conduct of the business of each Fund.                                           

Under the Agreement,  the Advisor renders  significant  administrative  services
(not otherwise  provided by third parties)  necessary for each Fund's operations
as an open-end  investment  company  including,  but not  limited to,  preparing
reports and notices to the Directors and shareholders;  supervising, negotiating
contractual  arrangements  with,  and  monitoring  various  third-party  service
providers  to each Fund (such as  transfer  agent,  pricing  agents,  Custodian,
accountants  and others);  preparing  and making  filings with the SEC and other
regulatory  agencies;  assisting  in the  preparation  and filing of each Fund's
federal,  state and local tax returns;  preparing and filing each Fund's federal
excise tax  returns;  assisting  with  investor  and public  relations  matters;
monitoring the valuation of securities  and the  calculation of net asset value;
monitoring the registration of shares of each Fund under applicable  federal and
state securities  laws;  maintaining each Fund's books and records to the extent
not otherwise maintained by a third party; assisting in establishing  accounting
policies of each Fund;  assisting  in the  resolution  of  accounting  and legal
issues; establishing and monitoring each Fund's operating budget; processing the
payment of each Fund's bills;  assisting  each Fund in, and otherwise  arranging
for, the payment of distributions  and dividends;  and otherwise  assisting each
Fund in the conduct of its business, subject to the direction and control of the
Directors.                                                                      

The Advisor pays the  compensation  and expenses of all Directors,  officers and
executive  employees  (except  expenses  incurred  attending Board and committee
meetings  outside  New  York,  New  York;  Boston,  Massachusetts  and  Chicago,
Illinois) of each Fund affiliated with the Advisor and makes available,  without
expense  to the  Corporation,  the  services  of such  Directors,  officers  and
employees  of the Advisor as may duly be elected  officers or  Directors  of the
Corporation, subject to their individual consent to serve and to any limitations
imposed by law, and provides each Fund's office space and facilities.           

Scudder Global Fund                                                             

For these  services,  under the current  Agreement  between  Global Fund and the
Advisor,  effective  September 11, 2000,  the  management  fee payable under the
Agreement  is equal to an annual  rate of 1.00% on the  first  $500  million  of
average  daily net assets,  0.95% on such net assets in excess of $500  million,
0.90% on such net  assets in excess of $1  billion,  0.85% on such net assets in
excess of $1.5 billion and 0.80% on such net assets in excess of $2 billion. For
the fiscal  year ended  August  31,  2001,  the fee  pursuant  to the  Agreement
aggregated  $13,563,178,  which was  equivalent to an annual  effective  rate of
0.96% of the Fund's average daily net assets.                                   

For these services, under the prior Agreement, effective September 7, 1998 until
September  11,  2000,  Global  Fund paid the Advisor a fee equal to 1.00% on the
first  $500  million of average  daily net  assets,  0.95% on such net assets in
excess of $500  million,  0.90% on such net assets in excess of $1  billion  and
0.85% on such net assets in excess of $1.5 billion.  The fee is payable monthly,
provided  the Fund will make such  interim  payments as may be  requested by the
Advisor not to exceed 75% of the amount of the fee then  accrued on the books of
the Fund and unpaid.                                                            

Accordingly,  under these agreements the investment advisory fees for the fiscal
year ended June 30, 1999, were $14,936,557.  For the two months ended August 31,
1999,  the  investment  advisory  fee  pursuant  to the  Agreement  amounted  to
$2,547,570.  For the fiscal year ended August 31, 2000, the investment  advisory
fees were $14,778,270.                                                          

Scudder International Fund                                                      

For  the  services   described  above,   under  the  current  Agreement  between
International  Fund and the Advisor,  effective  August 14, 2000, the management
fee  payable  under the  Agreement  is equal to an annual  rate of 0.675% on the
first $6 billion of average  daily net assets,  0.625% on the next $1 billion of
such net assets, and 0.600% of such net assets in excess of $7 billion, computed
and accrued daily and payable monthly.                                          

Under the prior Agreement between International Fund and the Advisor,  effective
September 7, 1998 until August 14, 2000,  the  management  fee payable under the
Agreement was equal to an annual rate of  approximately  0.90% of the first $500
million of average daily net assets,  0.85% of the next $500 million of such net
assets,  0.80% of the next $1 billion of such net  assets,  0.75% of the next $1
billion of such net assets, and 0.70% of such net assets in excess of $3 billion
computed and accrued daily and payable monthly.                                 

26

P-->497127th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 127th
Accordingly, for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2001, the Fund aggregated fees
of  $28,435,700,  which was equivalent to an annual  effective rate of 0.675% of
the Fund's  average  daily net assets.  For the year ended August 31, 2000,  the
investment  advisory  fees  amounted to  $36,335,757.  For the five months ended
August 31, 1999,  the net  investment  advisory fees were  $11,269,103.  The net
investment  advisory  fees  for the  fiscal  year  ended  March  31,  1999  were
$23,819,941.                                                                    

Under the  Agreements  each Fund is  responsible  for all of its other  expenses
including:   fees  and  expenses  incurred  in  connection  with  membership  in
investment company  organizations;  brokers'  commissions;  legal,  auditing and
accounting expenses;  the calculation of net asset value; taxes and governmental
fees; the fees and expenses of the Transfer  Agent;  the cost of preparing share
certificates or any other expenses of issue, sale,  underwriting,  distribution,
redemption or repurchase of shares; the expenses of and the fees for registering
or qualifying securities for sale; the fees and expenses of Directors,  officers
and employees of each Fund who are not affiliated with the Advisor;  the cost of
printing and distributing reports and notices to stockholders;  and the fees and
disbursements of custodians. A Fund may arrange to have third parties assume all
or part of the expenses of sale,  underwriting and distribution of shares of the
Fund. Each Fund is also responsible for its expenses of shareholders'  meetings,
the cost of responding to shareholders'  inquiries, and its expenses incurred in
connection with  litigation,  proceedings and claims and the legal obligation it
may have to indemnify its officers and Directors of the Corporation with respect
thereto.                                                                        

Each Agreement identifies the Advisor as the exclusive licensee of the rights to
use and sublicense the names "Scudder," "Zurich Scudder  Investments,  Inc." and
"Scudder Stevens and Clark,  Inc." (together,  the "Scudder Marks").  Under this
license,  each  Corporation,  with respect to each Fund,  has the  non-exclusive
right to use and  sublicense the Scudder name and marks as part of its name, and
to use the Scudder Marks in each Corporation's investment products and services.

In reviewing  the terms of each  Agreement and in  discussions  with the Advisor
concerning  the  Agreements,  the  Directors  of  each  Corporation  who are not
"interested  persons" of the Advisor are  represented by independent  counsel at
each Fund's expense.                                                            

Each  Agreement  provides  that the Advisor shall not be liable for any error of
judgment or mistake of law or for any loss  suffered  by the Fund in  connection
with  matters  to which the  Agreement  relates,  except a loss  resulting  from
willful misfeasance, bad faith or gross negligence on the part of the Advisor in
the  performance of its duties or from reckless  disregard by the Advisor of its
obligations and duties under the Agreement.                                     

Officers and  employees  of the Advisor from time to time may have  transactions
with various  banks,  including the Funds'  custodian  bank. It is the Advisor's
opinion that the terms and conditions of those  transactions which have occurred
were  not   influenced  by  existing  or  potential   custodial  or  other  Fund
relationships.                                                                  

The Advisor may serve as advisor to other funds with  investment  objectives and
policies  similar  to  those of the Fund  that may have  different  distribution
arrangements or expenses, which may affect performance.                         

None of the officers or Directors of the  Corporation may have dealings with the
Funds as principals in the purchase or sale of securities,  except as individual
subscribers to or holders of shares of the Funds.                               

The term Scudder  Investments is the designation  given to the services provided
by Zurich Scudder Investments,  Inc. and its affiliates to the Scudder Family of
Funds.                                                                          

The Advisor has agreed to pay a fee to AARP and/or its  affiliates in return for
services  relating to  investments  by AARP members in AARP Class shares of each
fund.  This fee is  calculated  on a daily basis as a percentage of the combined
net assets of AARP Classes of all funds  managed by the Advisor.  The fee rates,
which  decrease as the aggregate net assets of the AARP Classes  become  larger,
are as follows: 0.07% for the first $6 billion in net assets, 0.06% for the next
$10 billion and 0.05% thereafter.                                               

AMA InvestmentLink(SM) Program                                                  

Pursuant  to an  Agreement  between  the  Advisor  and AMA  Solutions,  Inc.,  a
subsidiary of the American Medical  Association (the "AMA"),  dated May 9, 1997,
the Advisor has agreed,  subject to  applicable  state  regulations,  to pay    

27

P-->497128th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 128th
AMA  Solutions,  Inc.  royalties in an amount equal to 5% of the  management fee
received  by the  Advisor  with  respect to assets  invested  by AMA  members in
Scudder funds in connection with the AMA InvestmentLink(SM) Program. The Advisor
will also pay AMA Solutions, Inc. a general monthly fee, currently in the amount
of $833.  The AMA and AMA  Solutions,  Inc.  are not engaged in the  business of
providing  investment advice and neither is registered as an investment  advisor
or broker/dealer  under federal  securities laws. Any person who participates in
the AMA  InvestmentLink(SM)  Program  will be a customer of the Advisor (or of a
subsidiary   thereof)   and   not   the   AMA  or  AMA   Solutions,   Inc.   AMA
InvestmentLink(SM) is a service mark of AMA Solutions, Inc.                     

Code of Ethics                                                                  

The Funds, the Advisor and the principal  underwriter have each adopted codes of
ethics  under  rule  17j-1 of the  1940  Act.  Board  members,  officers  of the
Corporations  and  employees  of  the  Advisor  and  principal  underwriter  are
permitted to make personal securities  transactions,  including  transactions in
securities  that may be purchased or held by the Funds,  subject to requirements
and restrictions set forth in the applicable Code of Ethics.  The Advisor's Code
of Ethics contains provisions and requirements  designed to identify and address
certain  conflicts of interest  between personal  investment  activities and the
interests  of the  Funds.  Among  other  things,  the  Advisor's  Code of Ethics
prohibits  certain types of  transactions  absent prior  approval,  imposes time
periods  during  which  personal   transactions  may  not  be  made  in  certain
securities,  and requires the submission of duplicate broker  confirmations  and
quarterly reporting of securities transactions. Additional restrictions apply to
portfolio  managers,  traders,  research  analysts  and others  involved  in the
investment  advisory  process.  Exceptions to these and other  provisions of the
Advisor's Code of Ethics may be granted in particular circumstances after review
by appropriate personnel.                                                       

Brokerage Commissions                                                           

Allocation of brokerage is supervised by the Advisor.                           

The primary objective of the Advisor in placing orders for the purchase and sale
of securities  for a Fund is to obtain the most  favorable  net results,  taking
into account such factors as price, commission where applicable,  size of order,
difficulty of execution and skill required of the executing  broker/dealer.  The
Advisor seeks to evaluate the overall  reasonableness  of brokerage  commissions
paid (to the extent applicable)  through the familiarity of the Distributor with
commissions  charged  on  comparable  transactions,  as  well  as  by  comparing
commissions paid by a Fund to reported  commissions paid by others.  The Advisor
routinely reviews commission rates,  execution and settlement services performed
and makes internal and external comparisons.                                    

The Funds'  purchases and sales of fixed-income  securities are generally placed
by the Advisor with primary  market makers for these  securities on a net basis,
without any brokerage  commission being paid by a Fund.  Trading does,  however,
involve  transaction costs.  Transactions with dealers serving as primary market
makers  reflect  the  spread  between  the bid and asked  prices.  Purchases  of
underwritten  issues may be made, which will include an underwriting fee paid to
the underwriter.                                                                

When it can be done consistently with the policy of obtaining the most favorable
net  results,   it  is  the  Advisor's   practice  to  place  such  orders  with
broker/dealers  who supply research,  market and statistical  information to the
Advisor or the Funds.  The term "research  services"  includes  advice as to the
value of securities;  the  advisability  of investing in,  purchasing or selling
securities;   the  availability  of  securities  or  purchasers  or  sellers  of
securities; and analyses and reports concerning issuers, industries, securities,
economic factors and trends, portfolio strategy and the performance of accounts.
The Advisor is authorized when placing  portfolio  transactions,  if applicable,
for the Funds to pay a  brokerage  commission  in excess of that  which  another
broker might charge for executing the same  transaction  on account of execution
services  and the receipt of  research  services.  The  Advisor  has  negotiated
arrangements,  which are not applicable to most fixed-income transactions,  with
certain  broker/dealers  pursuant to which a broker/dealer will provide research
services,  to the Advisor or a Fund in exchange for the direction by the Advisor
of brokerage  transactions to the broker/dealer.  These  arrangements  regarding
receipt of research  services  generally apply to equity security  transactions.
The  Advisor  may  place  orders  with a  broker/dealer  on the  basis  that the
broker/dealer has or has not sold shares of the Funds. In effecting transactions
in  over-the-counter  securities,  orders are placed with the  principal  market
makers for the security being traded unless,  after  exercising care, it appears
that more favorable results are available elsewhere.                            

To the  maximum  extent  feasible,  it is expected  that the Advisor  will place
orders  for  portfolio   transactions  through  the  Distributor,   which  is  a
corporation  registered as a broker/dealer and a subsidiary of the Advisor;  the
Distributor                                                                     

28

P-->497129th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 129th
will place  orders on behalf of the Funds with  issuers,  underwriters  or other
brokers and dealers.  The Distributor  will not receive any  commission,  fee or
other remuneration from the Funds for this service.                             

Although certain research services from  broker/dealers  may be useful to a Fund
and to the Advisor,  it is the opinion of the Advisor that such information only
supplements the Advisor's own research  effort since the information  must still
be analyzed,  weighed, and reviewed by the Advisor's staff. Such information may
be useful to the Advisor in providing services to clients other than a Fund, and
not all such  information  is used by the  Advisor  in  connection  with a Fund.
Conversely,  such information provided to the Advisor by broker/dealers  through
whom other clients of the Advisor effect  securities  transactions may be useful
to the Advisor in providing services to a Fund.                                 

The Directors review,  from time to time,  whether the recapture for the benefit
of the Funds of some portion of the brokerage  commissions  or similar fees paid
by the Funds on portfolio transactions is legally permissible and advisable.    

Scudder Global Fund                                                             

For the fiscal year ended June 30, 1999, Global Fund paid brokerage  commissions
of  $2,425,890.  For the two months  ended  August 31,  1999 and the fiscal year
ended August 31, 2000,  Global Fund paid  brokerage  commissions of $349,205 and
2,263,550,  respectively. For the fiscal year ended August 31, 2001, Global Fund
paid  brokerage  commissions  of  $1,370,386.  $752,878  (54.94%  of  the  total
brokerage  paid by the Fund) resulted from orders  placed,  consistent  with the
policy of obtaining  the most  favorable  results,  with brokers and dealers who
provided supplementary research,  market and statistical information to the Fund
or  the  Advisor.  The  total  amount  of  brokerage   transactions   aggregated
$1,585,305,267,  of which  $793,076,305  (50.03% of all brokerage  transactions)
were transactions which included research commissions.                          

Scudder International Fund                                                      

For the fiscal  year ended March 31,  1999,  International  Fund paid  brokerage
commissions  of  $9,926,570.  For the five months  ended August 31, 1999 and the
fiscal year ended August 31, 2000, International Fund paid brokerage commissions
of $4,793,969 and $14,867,810, respectively.                                    

For the fiscal year ended August 31,  2001,  International  Fund paid  brokerage
commissions of  $11,244,046.  $5,363,294  (47.70% of the total brokerage paid by
the Fund) resulted from orders placed,  consistent  with the policy of obtaining
the most favorable results, with brokers and dealers who provided  supplementary
research,  market and  statistical  information to the Fund or the Advisor.  The
total  amount of  brokerage  transactions  aggregated  $7,598,333,534,  of which
$3,228,079,085  (42.48% of all brokerage  transactions)  were transactions which
included research commissions.                                                  

Administrative Agreement                                                        

Each  Fund  has an  administrative  services  agreement  with the  Advisor  (the
"Administrative Agreements"),  pursuant to which the Advisor will provide or pay
others to provide substantially all of the administrative services required by a
Fund (other than those provided by the Advisor under its  investment  management
agreements  with the Funds,  as described  above) in exchange for the payment by
each Fund of an administrative services fee (the "Administrative Fee") of 0.375%
of its average daily net assets for International Fund and Global Fund's average
daily net assets. One effect of these arrangements is to make each Fund's future
expense  ratio  more  predictable.  However,  the Funds  will not  benefit  from
economies of scale  derived from  increases in assets.  The  Administrative  Fee
became effective August 14, 2000 for  International  Fund and September 11, 2000
for Global Fund.  For the period  August 14, 2000 through  August 31, 2000,  the
Administrative  Agreement  expense  charged to  International  Fund  amounted to
$921,739. For the fiscal year ended August 31, 2001 the Administrative Fees paid
by  International   Fund  and  Global  Fund  were  $15,823,658  and  $5,110,182,
respectively.                                                                   

Various third-party service providers (the "Service  Providers"),  some of which
are affiliated with the Advisor,  provide certain services to the Funds pursuant
to separate agreements with the Funds.  Scudder Fund Accounting  Corporation,  a
subsidiary of the Advisor,  computes net asset value for the Funds and maintains
their accounting records. Scudder Service Corporation,  also a subsidiary of the
Advisor, is the transfer,  shareholder  servicing and dividend-paying  agent for
the shares of the Funds.  Scudder  Trust  Company,  an affiliate of the Advisor,
provides                                                                        

29

P-->497130th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 130th
subaccounting and recordkeeping  services for shareholders in certain retirement
and employee  benefit plans.  As custodian,  Brown  Brothers  Harriman holds the
portfolio   securities  of  the  Funds,   pursuant  to  a  custodian  agreement.
PricewaterhouseCoopers  LLP audits  the  financial  statements  of the Funds and
provides other audit, tax, and related services. Dechert acts as general counsel
for each Fund.                                                                  

The Advisor will pay the Service  Providers for the provision of their  services
to  the  Funds  and  will  pay  other  fund   expenses,   including   insurance,
registration,  printing  and  postage  fees.  In return,  each Fund will pay the
Advisor an Administrative Fee.                                                  

Each  Administrative  Agreement  has an initial term of three years,  subject to
earlier  termination by a Fund's Board. The fee payable by a Fund to the Advisor
pursuant to the Administrative Agreements is reduced by the amount of any credit
received from the Fund's custodian for cash balances.                           

Certain  expenses  of the  Funds  will  not be borne by the  Advisor  under  the
Administrative Agreements, such as taxes, brokerage,  interest and extraordinary
expenses;  and the fees and expenses of the Independent Directors (including the
fees and expenses of their  independent  counsel).  In addition,  each Fund will
continue to pay the fees required by its  investment  management  agreement with
the Advisor.                                                                    

Distributor                                                                     

Each Corporation has an underwriting  agreement with Scudder Investor  Services,
Inc.,  Two  International  Place,  Boston,  MA 02110  (the  "Distributor"),   a
Massachusetts  corporation,  which is a subsidiary  of the  Advisor,  a Delaware
corporation.  The  Corporations'  underwriting  agreement dated May 8, 2000 will
remain in effect until  September 30, 2002 and from year to year thereafter only
if its  continuance  is  approved  annually  by a majority of the members of the
applicable  Board  of  Directors  who  are not  parties  to  such  agreement  or
interested  persons of any such  party and  either by vote of a majority  of the
applicable Board of Directors or a majority of the outstanding voting securities
of the applicable  Fund. The  underwriting  agreements were last approved by the
Directors on August 14, 2001.                                                   

Under the underwriting agreements, a Fund is responsible for: the payment of all
fees and  expenses  in  connection  with the  preparation  and  filing  with the
Commission of its  registration  statement and prospectus and any amendments and
supplements  thereto;  the registration and  qualification of shares for sale in
the  various  states,  including  registering  a Fund as a broker  or  dealer in
various  states as required;  the fees and expenses of  preparing,  printing and
mailing prospectuses  annually to existing  shareholders (see below for expenses
relating to prospectuses  paid by the Distributor);  notices,  proxy statements,
reports or other  communications to shareholders of a Fund; the cost of printing
and  mailing   confirmations   of  purchases  of  shares  and  any  prospectuses
accompanying such confirmations;  any issuance taxes and/or any initial transfer
taxes;  a portion of  shareholder  toll-free  telephone  charges and expenses of
shareholder  service  representatives;  the  cost  of  wiring  funds  for  share
purchases  and  redemptions  (unless paid by the  shareholder  who initiates the
transaction);  the cost of printing and postage of business reply envelopes; and
a  portion  of the  cost of  computer  terminals  used  by  both a Fund  and the
Distributor.                                                                    

The Distributor will pay for printing and  distributing  prospectuses or reports
prepared for its use in  connection  with the offering of a Fund's shares to the
public and preparing,  printing and mailing any other  literature or advertising
in  connection  with  the  offering  of  shares  of a Fund  to the  public.  The
Distributor will pay all fees and expenses in connection with its  qualification
and  registration  as a broker or dealer under federal and state laws, a portion
of the cost of toll-free  telephone service and expenses of shareholder  service
representatives,  a portion of the cost of computer  terminals,  and expenses of
any activity which is primarily  intended to result in the sale of shares issued
by a Fund,  unless a Rule 12b-1  Plan is in effect  which  provides  that a Fund
shall bear some or all of such expenses.                                        

As agent,  the Distributor  currently offers shares of the Funds on a continuous
basis to investors in all states in which shares of a Fund may from time to time
be registered or where permitted by applicable law. The underwriting  agreements
provide that the Distributor  accepts orders for shares at net asset value as no
sales commission or load is charged to the investor. The Distributor has made no
firm commitment to acquire shares of any Fund.                                  

30

P-->497131st Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 131st
FUND SERVICE PROVIDERS

Transfer Agent                                                                  

Scudder Service Corporation  ("SSC"),  P.O. Box 219669,  Kansas City,  Missouri,
64121-9669, a subsidiary of the Advisor, is the transfer and dividend disbursing
agent for the Funds.  SSC also serves as shareholder  service agent and provides
subaccounting  and  recordkeeping  services for shareholder  accounts in certain
retirement  and  employee  benefit  plans.  Prior to the  implementation  of the
Administrative  Agreement,  each Fund paid SSC an annual  fee of $26.00 for each
retail  account and $29.00 for each  retirement  account.  For the fiscal  years
ended  June 30,  1998 and  1999,  SSC  charged  Global  Fund  aggregate  fees of
$2,508,727 and $2,380,471,  respectively,  and $368,471 for the two months ended
August 31, 1999. Prior to August 14, 2000, the amount charged to the Fund by SSC
aggregated $2,110,505.                                                          

International Fund incurred fees of $3,098,197 for Class S shares and $4,857 for
Barrett International Shares,  respectively,  during the fiscal year ended March
31, 1999,  and $1,258,902  and $4,632,  respectively,  for the five months ended
August  31,  1999.  Prior to August  14,  2000,  the  amount  charged  by SSC to
International  Fund  for  Class  S  shares  and  Barrett   International  Shares
aggregated $3,420,086 and $10,603, respectively.                                

The Funds, or the Advisor (including any affiliate of the Advisor), or both, may
pay   unaffiliated   third  parties  for  providing   recordkeeping   and  other
administrative  services with respect to accounts of  participants in retirement
plans or other  beneficial  owners of Fund shares whose  interests are generally
held in an omnibus account.                                                     

Custodian                                                                       

The Funds employ Brown  Brothers  Harriman & Company,  40 Water Street,  Boston,
Massachusetts 02109 as Custodian for the Funds.                                 

Auditors                                                                        

The  financial  highlights  of the  Funds  included  in the  prospectus  and the
Financial  Statements  incorporated by reference in this Statement of Additional
Information  have been so included or  incorporated  by reference in reliance on
the  report  of   PricewaterhouseCoopers   LLP,  160  Federal  Street,   Boston,
Massachusetts 02110, independent accountants, and given on the authority of that
firm as experts  in  accounting  and  auditing.  PricewaterhouseCoopers,  LLP is
responsible  for  performing  annual  and  semiannual  audits  of the  financial
statements  and financial  highlights  of each Fund in accordance  with auditing
standards  generally  accepted  in  the  United  States  of  America,   and  the
preparation of federal tax returns.                                             

Legal Counsel                                                                   

The law firm of Dechert is counsel to the Funds.                                

Fund Accounting Agent                                                           

Scudder Fund Accounting  Corporation ("SFAC"),  Two International Place, Boston,
Massachusetts, 02110-4103, a subsidiary of the Advisor, computes net asset value
for each Fund. Prior to the implementation of the Administrative Agreement, each
Fund paid SFAC an annual  fee  equal to  0.065%  of the first  $150  million  of
average  daily  net  assets,  0.040% of such  assets in excess of $150  million,
0.020% of such assets in excess of $1  billion,  plus  holding  and  transaction
charges  for this  service.  For the fiscal  years ended June 30, 1998 and 1999,
SFAC charged Global Fund aggregate fees of $601,315 and $585,537,  respectively,
and $97,186 for the two months ended August 31, 1999.  For the year ended August
31, 2000, the amount charged to Global Fund by SFAC aggregated  $577,424.  Prior
to September  11,  2000,  the amount  charged to Global Fund by SFAC  aggregated
$36,085.                                                                        

For the fiscal years ended March 31, 1998 and 1999,  SFAC charged  International
Fund aggregate fees of $838,885 and $795,122, respectively, and $402,576 for the
five months ended August 31, 1999.  Prior to August 14, 2000, the amount charged
by SFAC to International Fund aggregated $1,250,099.                            

31

P-->497132nd Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 132nd
Retirement Service Provider                                                     

Scudder Trust Company, an affiliate of the Advisor,  provides  subaccounting and
recordkeeping  services  for  shareholder  accounts  in certain  retirement  and
employee  benefit  plans.  Prior  to the  implementation  of the  Administrative
Agreement,  annual service fees were paid by each Fund to Scudder Trust Company,
Two International Place, Boston, Massachusetts,  02110-4103, an affiliate of the
Advisor, for certain retirement plan accounts. Class S shares of Global Fund and
International  Fund  paid  Scudder  Trust  Company  an  annual  fee of  $29  per
shareholder  account.  For the fiscal years ended June 30, 1998 and 1999, Global
Fund incurred fees of $1,195,885 and $1,427,397,  respectively, and $235,738 for
the two months ended August 31, 1999.  Prior to September 11, 2000,  Global Fund
incurred fees of $76,000.                                                       

Class S shares of International  Fund incurred fees of $2,067,603 and $1,561,049
during  the  fiscal  years  ended  March 31,  1999 and 1998,  respectively,  and
$1,202,021 for the five months ended August 31, 1999.  Prior to August 14, 2000,
the amount  charged by STC to Class S shares of  International  Fund  aggregated
$3,776,386.                                                                     

 PERFORMANCE

From time to time,  quotations  of the  Shares'  performance  may be included in
advertisements,  sales  literature  or reports to  shareholders  or  prospective
investors. These performance figures will be calculated in the following manner:

Average Annual Total Return                                                     

Average  Annual Total Return is the average  annual  compound rate of return for
the periods of one year, five years and ten years,  all ended on the last day of
a recent  calendar  quarter.  Average  annual  total return  quotations  reflect
changes  in the price of the Class S shares and assume  that all  dividends  and
capital gains  distributions  during the respective  periods were  reinvested in
Class S shares.  Performance  information is computed separately for each class.
Average annual total return is calculated by finding the average annual compound
rates of return of a hypothetical investment over such periods, according to the
following   formula  (average  annual  total  return  is  then  expressed  as  a
percentage):                                                                    

T = (ERV/P)1/n - 1

Where:                                                                          

                 P        =        a hypothetical initial investment of $1,000
 T        =        Average Annual Total Return
n        =        number of years           
                  ERV      =        ending  redeemable  value: ERV is the value,
                                    at  the  end of the  applicable period, of a
                                    hypothetical  $1,000 investment  made at the
                           beginning  of the applicable period

 Average Annual Total Returns for the Period Ended August 31, 2001

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

                                          1 Year   5 Years  10 Years  Since Inception
                                          ------   -------  --------  ---------------

                                                                                     
Scudder Global Fund -- Class S            -16.34%    8.03%    10.00%        --       
Scudder Global Fund -- Class AARP           N/A       N/A       N/A        -14.99%   
Scudder International Fund -- Class S     -26.43%    7.12%     8.53%        --       
Scudder International Fund -- Class AARP    N/A       N/A       N/A          0.84%   

Total Return                                                                    

Total Return is the rate of return on an  investment  for a specified  period of
time.                                                                           

From  time  to  time,  in  advertisements,  sales  literature,  and  reports  to
shareholders  or prospective  investors,  figures  relating to the growth in the
total net assets of each Fund apart from capital  appreciation will be cited, as
an update to                                                                    

32

P-->497133rd Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 133rd
the information in this section,  including,  but not limited to: net cash flow,
net subscriptions,  gross  subscriptions,  net asset growth, net account growth,
and  subscription  rates.  Capital  appreciation  generally  will be  covered by
marketing literature as part of the Funds' and classes' performance data.       

Quotations of a Fund's  performance are based on historical  earnings,  show the
performance  of a  hypothetical  investment,  and are not  intended  to indicate
future performance of that Fund. An investor's shares when redeemed may be worth
more or less than their original cost.  Performance of a Fund will vary based on
changes in market conditions and the level of that Fund's and class's expenses. 

Comparison of Fund Performance                                                  

A  comparison  of  the  quoted  non-standard  performance  offered  for  various
investments is valid only if performance is calculated in the same manner. Since
there  are  different  methods  of  calculating  performance,  investors  should
consider the effects of the methods used to calculate performance when comparing
performance of the Fund with performance quoted with respect to other investment
companies or types of investments.                                              

In connection  with  communicating  their  performance to current or prospective
shareholders,  the Funds also may compare  these figures to the  performance  of
unmanaged  indices  which may assume  reinvestment  of dividends or interest but
generally do not reflect deductions for administrative and management costs.    

Historical  information on the value of the dollar versus foreign currencies may
be used  from  time  to  time  in  advertisements  concerning  the  Funds.  Such
historical  information is not indicative of future fluctuations in the value of
the U.S. dollar against these currencies.  In addition,  marketing materials may
cite country and economic statistics and historical stock market performance for
any of the countries in which a Fund invests.                                   

From time to time, in advertising and marketing literature, a Fund's performance
may be compared to the  performance of broad groups of mutual funds with similar
investment goals, as tracked by independent organizations.                      

From  time to time,  in  marketing  and other  Fund  literature,  Directors  and
officers  of a  Fund,  its  portfolio  manager,  or  members  of  the  portfolio
management  team may be  depicted  and quoted to give  prospective  and  current
shareholders  a better sense of the outlook and approach of those who manage the
Fund. In addition, the amount of assets that the Advisor has under management in
various geographical areas may be quoted in advertising and marketing materials.

Marketing and other Fund  literature  may include a description of the potential
risks and rewards  associated  with an investment in a Fund. The description may
include a "risk/return spectrum" which compares the Funds to other Scudder funds
or broad  categories of funds,  such as money market,  bond or equity funds,  in
terms of  potential  risks and  returns.  Money  market  funds are  designed  to
maintain a constant $1.00 share price and have a fluctuating yield. Share price,
yield and total return of a bond fund will fluctuate. The share price and return
of an equity fund also will  fluctuate.  The  description  may also  compare the
Funds to bank products,  such as certificates  of deposit.  Unlike mutual funds,
certificates  of deposit are insured up to $100,000 by the U.S.  government  and
offer a fixed rate of return.                                                   

Because bank products  guarantee the principal  value of an investment and money
market funds seek stability of principal, these investments are considered to be
less risky than  investments  in either bond or equity funds,  which may involve
the loss of principal. However, all long-term investments, including investments
in bank products, may be subject to inflation risk, which is the risk of erosion
of the value of an  investment as prices  increase over a long time period.  The
risks/returns  associated with an investment in bond or equity funds depend upon
many factors.  For bond funds these factors  include,  but are not limited to, a
fund's overall  investment  objective,  the average portfolio  maturity,  credit
quality of the securities  held, and interest rate movements.  For equity funds,
factors  include  a fund's  overall  investment  objective,  the types of equity
securities held and the financial position of the issuers of the securities. The
risks/returns  associated  with an  investment in  international  bond or equity
funds also will depend upon currency exchange rate fluctuation.                 

A risk/return spectrum generally will position the various investment categories
in the following order: bank products, money market funds, bond funds and equity
funds. Shorter-term bond funds generally are considered less risky and offer the
potential  for less return  than  longer-term  bond  funds.  The same is true of
domestic bond funds                                                             

33

P-->497134th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 134th
relative  to  international  bond  funds,  and bond funds that  purchase  higher
quality   securities   relative  to  bond  funds  that  purchase  lower  quality
securities.  Growth and income equity funds are generally  considered to be less
risky and offer the potential  for less return than growth  funds.  In addition,
international  equity  funds  usually are  considered  more risky than  domestic
equity funds but generally offer the potential for greater return.              

Evaluation of Fund performance or other relevant statistical information made by
independent  sources  may  also  be used in  advertisements  concerning  a Fund,
including reprints of, or selections from, editorials or articles about a Fund. 

PURCHASES AND REDEMPTION OF SHARES

Additional Information About Opening An Account                                 

All new  investors  in Class AARP of the Funds are  required  to provide an AARP
membership number on their account application.                                 

In addition,  Class S shares of the Funds will generally not be available to new
investors.                                                                      

The  following  investors  may  continue to  purchase  Class S shares of Scudder
Funds:                                                                          

1.       Existing  shareholders  of Class S  shares  of any  Scudder  Fund as of
        December 29, 2000, and household members residing at the same address.

2.       Investors  may purchase  Class S shares of any Scudder Fund through any
         broker-dealer  or service agent account until June 30, 2001. After June
30, 2001,  only  investors who owned Class S shares as of June 30, 2001
         and  household  members  residing  at the  same  address  may  open new
accounts in Class S of any Scudder Fund.                      

3.       Any retirement, employee stock, bonus pension or profit-sharing plans. 

4.       Any  participant who owns Class S shares of any Scudder Fund through an
         employee sponsored retirement, employee stock, bonus, pension or profit
         sharing plan as of December  29, 2000 may, at a later date,  open a new
individual account in Class S of any Scudder Fund.            

5.       Any  participant  who owns Class S shares of any Scudder Fund through a
         retirement,  employee stock, bonus,  pension or profit sharing plan may
         complete a direct  rollover  to an IRA  account  that will hold Class S
         shares.  This applies for individuals  who begin their  retirement plan
         investments  with a Scudder Fund at any time,  including after December
29, 2000.                                                     

6.       Officers,  Fund Trustees and  Directors,  and  full-time  employees and
        their family members, of Zurich Financial Services and its affiliates.

7.       Class S shares are available to any accounts  managed by Zurich Scudder
         Investments,  Inc.,  any advisory  products  offered by Zurich  Scudder
         Investments,  Inc.  or  Scudder  Investor  Services,  Inc.,  and to the
Portfolios of Scudder Pathway Series.                         

8.       Registered  investment advisors ("RIAs") may continue to purchase Class
         S shares of Scudder  Funds for all clients  until June 30, 2001.  After
         June 30, 2001, RIAs may purchase Class S shares for any client that has
         an existing  position in Class S shares of any Scudder Funds as of June
30, 2001.                                                     

9.       Broker-dealers and RIAs who have clients participating in comprehensive
         fee programs may continue to purchase  Class S shares of Scudder  Funds
         until June 30, 2001.  After June 30, 2001,  broker dealers and RIAs may
         purchase  Class S shares in  comprehensive  fee programs for any client
         that has an existing position in Class S shares of a Scudder Fund as of
June 30, 2001.                                                

10.      Scudder  Investors  Services,  Inc.  may,  at its  discretion,  require
         appropriate  documentation  that  shows  an  investor  is  eligible  to
purchase Class S shares.                                      

34

P-->497135th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 135th
Clients  having a regular  investment  counsel  account  with the Advisor or its
affiliates and members of their  immediate  families,  officers and employees of
the Advisor or of any  affiliated  organization  and members of their  immediate
families,  members of the  National  Association  of  Securities  Dealers,  Inc.
("NASD") and banks may, if they prefer,  subscribe initially for at least $2,500
for Class S and $1,000 for Class AARP through Scudder Investor Services, Inc. by
letter, fax, or telephone.                                                      

Shareholders  of other Scudder funds who have  submitted an account  application
and have  certified  a tax  identification  number,  clients  having  a  regular
investment  counsel  account with the Advisor or its  affiliates  and members of
their  immediate  families,  officers  and  employees  of the  Advisor or of any
affiliated  organization and their immediate families,  members of the NASD, and
banks may open an account by wire.  Investors interested in investing in Class S
must call 1-800-225-5163 to get an account number.  During the call the investor
will be asked to indicate the Fund name, class name,  amount to be wired ($2,500
minimum for Class S and $1,000 for Class  AARP),  name of bank or trust  company
from which the wire will be sent, the exact registration of the new account, the
tax  identification  number or Social  Security  number,  address and  telephone
number.  The investor  must then call the bank to arrange a wire transfer to The
Scudder Funds,  Boston, MA 02101, ABA Number 011000028,  DDA Account  9903-5552.
The investor must give the Scudder fund name,  class name,  account name and the
new account  number.  Finally,  the  investor  must send a completed  and signed
application  to the Fund  promptly.  Investors  interested in investing in Class
AARP should call 1-800-253-2277 for further instructions.                       

The  minimum  initial  purchase  amount  is less than  $2,500  for Class S under
certain special plan accounts and is $1,000 for Class AARP.                     

Minimum Balances                                                                

Shareholders  should  maintain a share balance worth at least $2,500 for Class S
and $1,000 for Class AARP.  For fiduciary  accounts such as IRAs,  and custodial
accounts  such as Uniform  Gift to Minor  Act,  and  Uniform  Trust to Minor Act
accounts,  the  minimum  balance is $1,000 for Class S and $500 for Class  AARP.
Each Fund's Board of Directors may change these amounts.  A shareholder may open
an account with at least $1,000 ($500 for  fiduciary/custodial  accounts), if an
automatic  investment  plan (AIP) of $50/month  is  established.  Scudder  group
retirement  plans and certain other accounts have similar or lower minimum share
balance requirements.                                                           

The Funds  reserve the right,  following 60 days'  written  notice to applicable
shareholders, to:                                                               

o        for Class S, assess an annual $10 per Fund  charge  (with the Fee to be
         paid to the Fund) for any  non-fiduciary/non-custodial  account without
         an automatic  investment plan (AIP) in place and a balance of less than
$2,500; and                                                   

o        redeem  all shares in Fund  Class S  accounts  which fall below  $2,500
         where a reduction in value has occurred due to a  redemption,  exchange
         or transfer out of the account.  The Fund will mail the proceeds of the
redeemed account to the shareholder.                          

Reductions in value that result solely from market  activity will not trigger an
involuntary  redemption.  Shareholders with a combined household account balance
in any of the Scudder Funds of $100,000 or more, as well as group retirement and
certain other accounts will not be subject to a fee or automatic redemption.    

Fiduciary  (e.g., IRA or Roth IRA) and custodial  accounts (e.g.,  UGMA or UTMA)
with balances below $100 are subject to automatic  redemption following 60 days'
written notice to applicable shareholders.                                      

Additional Information About Making Subsequent Investments                      

Subsequent  purchase  orders for  $10,000 or more and for an amount not  greater
than  four  times  the  value of the  shareholder's  account  may be  placed  by
telephone,  fax, etc. by established  shareholders (except by Scudder Individual
Retirement Account (IRA), Scudder Horizon Plan, Scudder Profit Sharing and Money
Purchase Pension Plans, Scudder 401(k) and Scudder 403(b) Plan holders), members
of the NASD,  and banks.  Orders  placed in this  manner may be  directed to any
office of the Distributor listed in a Fund's  prospectus.  A confirmation of the
purchase  will be mailed  out  promptly  following  receipt of a request to buy.
Federal  regulations  require that payment be received within three (3) business
days.  If  payment is not  received  within  that time,  the order is subject to

35

P-->497136th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 136th
cancellation.  In  the  event  of  such  cancellation  or  cancellation  at  the
purchaser's  request, the purchaser will be responsible for any loss incurred by
a Fund or the  principal  underwriter  by  reason of such  cancellation.  If the
purchaser is a  shareholder,  a Fund shall have the  authority,  as agent of the
shareholder, to redeem shares in the account in order to reimburse a Fund or the
principal  underwriter  for the loss incurred.  Net losses on such  transactions
which are not  recovered  from the  purchaser  will be absorbed by the principal
underwriter. Any net profit on the liquidation of unpaid shares will accrue to a
Fund.                                                                           

Additional Information About Making Subsequent Investments by QuickBuy          

Shareholders,  whose  predesignated  bank  account  of record is a member of the
Automated  Clearing  House Network (ACH) and who have elected to  participate in
the QuickBuy program,  may purchase shares of a Fund by telephone.  Through this
service  shareholders  may  purchase  up to  $250,000,  and a minimum of $50. To
purchase  shares by  QuickBuy,  shareholders  should  call  before  the close of
regular trading on the New York Stock Exchange, Inc. (the "Exchange"),  normally
4 p.m. eastern time. Proceeds in the amount of your purchase will be transferred
from your bank checking  account two or three business days following your call.
For requests  received by the close of regular  trading on the Exchange,  shares
will be  purchased at the net asset value per share  calculated  at the close of
trading on the day of your call.  QuickBuy  requests received after the close of
regular trading on the Exchange will begin their  processing and be purchased at
the net asset value  calculated  the  following  business  day. If you  purchase
shares by QuickBuy and redeem them within seven days of the purchase, a Fund may
hold the  redemption  proceeds for a period of up to seven business days. If you
purchase  shares  and there are  insufficient  funds in your bank  account,  the
purchase will be canceled and you will be subject to any losses or fees incurred
in the transaction.  QuickBuy transactions are not available for most retirement
plan  accounts.  However,  QuickBuy  transactions  are available for Scudder IRA
accounts.                                                                       

In order to request purchases by QuickBuy,  shareholders must have completed and
returned to the Transfer Agent the  application,  including the designation of a
bank  account from which the purchase  payment  will be debited.  New  investors
wishing to  establish  QuickBuy  may so  indicate on the  application.  Existing
shareholders who wish to add QuickBuy to their account may do so by completing a
QuickBuy  Enrollment  Form.  After  sending in an enrollment  form  shareholders
should allow 15 days for this service to be available.                          

Each Fund employs procedures,  including  recording  telephone calls,  testing a
caller's identity,  and sending written confirmation of telephone  transactions,
designed  to  give  reasonable  assurance  that  instructions   communicated  by
telephone are genuine and to discourage  fraud.  To the extent that the Funds do
not follow such procedures, they may be liable for losses due to unauthorized or
fraudulent telephone instructions.  The Funds will not be liable for acting upon
instructions  communicated  by  telephone  that they  reasonably  believe  to be
genuine.                                                                        

Investors  interested in making  subsequent  investments in Class AARP of a Fund
should call 1-800-253-2277 for further information.                             

Checks                                                                          

A certified  check is not  necessary,  but checks are only  accepted  subject to
collection  at full face  value in U.S.  funds  and must be drawn on or  payable
through a U.S. bank.                                                            

If shares of a Fund are  purchased by a check which proves to be  uncollectible,
the Corporation reserves the right to cancel the purchase  immediately,  and the
purchaser will be  responsible  for any loss incurred by a Fund or the principal
underwriter by reason of such  cancellation.  If the purchaser is a shareholder,
the Corporation shall have the authority, as agent of the shareholder, to redeem
shares in the account in order to reimburse a Fund or the principal  underwriter
for the  loss  incurred.  Investors  whose  orders  have  been  canceled  may be
prohibited  from or  restricted  in placing  future orders in any of the Scudder
funds.                                                                          

Wire Transfer of Federal Funds                                                  

To obtain the net asset value  determined as of the close of regular  trading on
the Exchange on a selected  day,  your bank must forward  federal  funds by wire
transfer and provide the required account information so as to be available to a
Fund prior to the  regular  close of trading on the  Exchange  (normally  4 p.m.
Eastern time).                                                                  

36

P-->497137th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 137th
The bank  sending an  investor's  federal  funds by bank wire may charge for the
service.  Presently,  the Funds pay a fee for receipt by the Custodian of "wired
funds," but the right to charge investors for this service is reserved.         

Boston banks are presently closed on certain holidays  although the Exchange may
be open.  These  holidays  are  Columbus  Day (the 2nd  Monday in  October)  and
Veterans' Day (November 11). Investors are not able to purchase shares by wiring
federal funds on such holidays because the Custodian is not open to receive such
federal funds on behalf of a Fund.                                              

Share Price                                                                     

Purchases  will be filled  without sales charge at the net asset value per share
next computed after receipt of the  application  in good order.  Net asset value
normally  will be computed for each class as of the close of regular  trading on
each day during which the Exchange is open for trading.  Orders  received  after
the close of  regular  trading  on the  Exchange  will be  executed  at the next
business day's net asset value.  If the order has been placed by a member of the
NASD,  other  than the  Distributor,  it is the  responsibility  of that  member
broker,  rather than a Fund, to forward the purchase order to SSC in Kansas City
by the close of regular trading on the Exchange.                                

Share Certificates                                                              

Due to the  desire  of each  Fund's  management  to afford  ease of  redemption,
certificates  will  not  be  issued  to  indicate  ownership  in a  Fund.  Share
certificates now in a shareholder's  possession may be sent to a Fund's Transfer
Agent for cancellation and credit to such  shareholder's  account.  Shareholders
who  prefer may hold the  certificates  in their  possession  until they wish to
exchange or redeem such shares.                                                 

All issued and  outstanding  shares of what were  formerly  AARP Funds that were
subsequently   reorganized  into  existing  Scudder  Funds  were  simultaneously
cancelled  on the  books  of the AARP  Funds.  Share  certificates  representing
interests in shares of the relevant AARP Fund will  represent a number of shares
of Class  AARP of the  relevant  Scudder  Fund  into  which  the  AARP  Fund was
reorganized.  Class  AARP  shares  of each  fund  will  not  issue  certificates
representing shares in connection with the reorganization.                      

Other Information                                                               

Each Fund has authorized  certain members of the NASD other than the Distributor
to accept purchase and redemption orders for its shares.  Those brokers may also
designate  other parties to accept  purchase and  redemption  orders on a Fund's
behalf.  Orders for purchase or redemption  will be deemed to have been received
by a Fund when such  brokers or their  authorized  designees  accept the orders.
Subject to the terms of the contract  between a Fund and the broker,  ordinarily
orders will be priced at a class' net asset value next computed after acceptance
by such  brokers  or  their  authorized  designees.  Further,  if  purchases  or
redemptions  of a  Fund's  shares  are  arranged  and  settlement  is made at an
investor's  election through any other authorized NASD member,  that member may,
at its discretion, charge a fee for that service. The Board of Directors and the
Distributor,  also a Fund's principal  underwriter,  each has the right to limit
the amount of purchases  by, and to refuse to sell to, any person.  The Board of
Directors and the Distributor may suspend or terminate the offering of shares of
a Fund at any time for any reason.                                              

The "Tax  Identification  Number" section of the  Application  must be completed
when opening an account.  Applications  and purchase  orders without a certified
tax  identification  number and certain other certified  information (e.g., from
exempt organizations a certification of exempt status),  will be returned to the
investor.  The Funds reserve the right, following 30 days' notice, to redeem all
shares  in  accounts  without  a  correct   certified  Social  Security  or  tax
identification  number.  A  shareholder  may  avoid  involuntary  redemption  by
providing  the Fund with a tax  identification  number  during the 30-day notice
period.                                                                         

The  Corporation  may issue  shares at net asset  value in  connection  with any
merger or  consolidation  with, or  acquisition of the assets of, any investment
company or personal  holding  company,  subject to the  requirements of the 1940
Act.                                                                            

37

P-->497138th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 138th
Exchanges                                                                       

Exchanges  are  comprised of a  redemption  from one Scudder fund and a purchase
into another  Scudder fund.  The purchase side of the exchange  either may be an
additional  investment  into an existing  account or may  involve  opening a new
account in the other fund.  When an  exchange  involves a new  account,  the new
account  will be  established  with the same  registration,  tax  identification
number,  address,  telephone redemption option,  "Scudder Automated  Information
Line"  (SAIL)  transaction  authorization  and  dividend  option as the existing
account.  Other features will not carry over  automatically  to the new account.
Exchanges  to a new fund account must be for a minimum of $2,500 for Class S and
$1,000 for Class AARP. When an exchange represents an additional investment into
an existing  account,  the account  receiving  the exchange  proceeds  must have
identical registration,  address, and account options/features as the account of
origin.  Exchanges  into an  existing  account  must be for $50 or more.  If the
account receiving the exchange  proceeds is to be different in any respect,  the
exchange  request  must be in writing  and must  contain an  original  signature
guarantee.                                                                      

Exchange  orders received before the close of regular trading on the Exchange on
any  business day  ordinarily  will be executed at  respective  net asset values
determined  on that day.  Exchange  orders  received  after the close of regular
trading on the Exchange will be executed on the following business day.         

Investors may also request, at no extra charge, to have exchanges  automatically
executed  on a  predetermined  schedule  from one  Scudder  fund to an  existing
account in another Scudder fund, at current net asset value,  through  Scudder's
Automatic Exchange Program. Exchanges must be for a minimum of $50. Shareholders
may add this free feature over the telephone or in writing.  Automatic Exchanges
will continue until the shareholder  requests by telephone or in writing to have
the  feature  removed,  or  until  the  originating  account  is  depleted.  The
Corporation  and the  Transfer  Agent  each  reserves  the right to  suspend  or
terminate the privilege of the Automatic Exchange Program at any time.          

There is no charge to the  shareholder  for any  exchange  described  above.  An
exchange  into another  Scudder fund is a redemption of shares and therefore may
result in tax consequences  (gain or loss) to the shareholder,  and the proceeds
of such an exchange may be subject to backup withholding.                       

Investors  currently  receive  the  exchange  privilege,  including  exchange by
telephone,   automatically   without  having  to  elect  it.  The  Funds  employ
procedures,  including recording  telephone calls,  testing a caller's identity,
and sending  written  confirmation of telephone  transactions,  designed to give
reasonable assurance that instructions communicated by telephone are genuine and
to discourage  fraud. To the extent that a Fund does not follow such procedures,
it may  be  liable  for  losses  due to  unauthorized  or  fraudulent  telephone
instructions.   A  Fund  will  not  be  liable  for  acting  upon   instructions
communicated by telephone that it reasonably  believes to be genuine.  The Funds
and the  Transfer  Agent each  reserves  the right to suspend or  terminate  the
privilege of exchanging by telephone or fax at any time.                        

The Scudder Funds into which  investors may make an exchange are listed  herein.
Before  making an exchange,  shareholders  should  obtain from Scudder  Investor
Services, Inc. a prospectus of the Scudder fund into which the exchange is being
contemplated.  The exchange  privilege may not be available for certain  Scudder
Funds  or  classes  of  Scudder  Funds.  For  more   information,   please  call
1-800-225-5163 (Class S) and 1-800-253-2277 (Class AARP).                       

Special Redemption and Exchange Information -- Scudder International Fund       

In general, Class S shares of the Fund may be exchanged or redeemed at net asset
value. However,  Class S shares of Scudder International Fund held for less than
six months are  redeemable at a price equal to 98% of the then current net asset
value per  share.  This 2%  discount,  referred  to in the  prospectus  and this
statement of additional  information as a redemption fee,  directly  affects the
amount a  shareholder  who is subject to the discount  receives upon exchange or
redemption.  It is intended to encourage  long-term  investment  in the Fund, to
avoid  transaction  and  other  expenses  caused  by  early  redemptions  and to
facilitate portfolio management.  The fee is not a deferred sales charge, is not
a commission paid to the Advisor or its  subsidiaries,  and does not benefit the
Advisor  in any way.  The Fund  reserves  the  right to  modify  the terms of or
terminate this fee at any time.                                                 

The  redemption  discount  will not be  applied to (a) a  redemption  of Class S
shares of the Fund  outstanding  for six months or more,  (b)  shares  purchased
through  certain of the  Advisor's  retirement  plans,  Including  401(k) plans,
403(b) plans, 457 plans,  Keogh accounts,  and Profit Sharing and Money Purchase
Pension Plans, (c) a redemption of reinvestment  shares (i.e.,  shares purchased
through the reinvestment of dividends or capital gains distributions paid       

38

P-->497139th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 139th
by the Fund),  (d) a  redemption  of shares  due to the death of the  registered
shareholder  of a  Fund  account,  or,  due  to  the  death  of  all  registered
shareholders of a Fund account with more than one registered shareholder, (i.e.,
joint  tenant  account),   upon  receipt  by  Scudder  Service   Corporation  of
appropriate  written  instructions  and  documentation  satisfactory  to Scudder
Service Corporation,  or (e) a redemption of shares by the Fund upon exercise of
its right to liquidate  accounts (i) falling  below the minimum  account size by
reason of  shareholder  redemptions or (ii) when the  shareholder  has failed to
provide tax  identification  information,  and (f) shares  purchased by accounts
opened pursuant to certain types of "WRAP" fee investment programs.  However, if
shares are purchased for a retirement plan account  through a broker,  financial
institution or recordkeeper  maintaining an omnibus account for the shares, such
waiver may not apply. (Before purchasing shares,  please check with your account
representative concerning the availability of the fee waiver.) In addition, this
waiver does not apply to IRA and SEP-IRA accounts.  For this purpose and without
regard to the shares  actually  redeemed,  shares will be treated as redeemed as
follows: first, reinvestment shares; second, purchased shares held six months or
more; and third,  purchased shares held for less than six months.  Finally, if a
redeeming  shareholder  acquires  Fund shares  through a transfer  from  another
shareholder,  applicability  of the  discount,  if any,  will be  determined  by
reference  to the date the shares were  originally  purchased,  and not from the
date of transfer between shareholders.                                          

Scudder retirement plans may have different exchange requirements.  Please refer
to appropriate plan literature.                                                 

Redemption By Telephone                                                         

Shareholders currently receive the right automatically,  without having to elect
it, to redeem by telephone up to $100,000 and have the proceeds  mailed to their
address of  record.  Shareholders  may also  request  by  telephone  to have the
proceeds  mailed  or wired  to their  predesignated  bank  account.  In order to
request wire  redemptions  by telephone,  shareholders  must have  completed and
returned to the Transfer Agent the  application,  including the designation of a
bank account to which the redemption proceeds are to be sent.                   

(a)      NEW INVESTORS wishing to establish the telephone  redemption  privilege
must complete the appropriate section on the application.     

(b)      EXISTING  SHAREHOLDERS  (except  those  who are  Scudder  IRA,  Scudder
         pension  and   profit-sharing,   Scudder   401(k)  and  Scudder  403(b)
         Planholders)   who  wish  to  establish   telephone   redemption  to  a
         predesignated  bank  account  or who want to  change  the bank  account
         previously  designated  to receive  redemption  proceeds  should either
         return a Telephone Redemption Option Form (available upon request),  or
         send  a  letter  identifying  the  account  and  specifying  the  exact
         information  to be changed.  The letter  must be signed  exactly as the
         shareholder's name(s) appears on the account. An original signature and
         an original  signature  guarantee are required for each person in whose
name the account is registered.                               

If a  request  for a  redemption  to a  shareholder's  bank  account  is made by
telephone  or fax,  payment  will be by  Federal  Reserve  bank wire to the bank
account  designated  on the  application,  unless  a  request  is made  that the
redemption check be mailed to the designated bank account.                      

Note: Investors designating a savings bank to receive their telephone redemption
proceeds  are  advised  that if the  savings  bank is not a  participant  in the
Federal Reserve System,  redemption  proceeds must be wired through a commercial
bank which is a correspondent  of the savings bank. As this may delay receipt by
the  shareholder's  account,  it is suggested  that  investors  wishing to use a
savings bank discuss wire procedures with their bank and submit any special wire
transfer information with the telephone redemption authorization. If appropriate
wire  information  is not  supplied,  redemption  proceeds will be mailed to the
designated bank.                                                                

The Funds employ  procedures,  including  recording  telephone calls,  testing a
caller's identity,  and sending written confirmation of telephone  transactions,
designed  to  give  reasonable  assurance  that  instructions   communicated  by
telephone  are genuine and to discourage  fraud.  To the extent that a Fund does
not follow such  procedures,  it may be liable for losses due to unauthorized or
fraudulent  telephone  instructions.  A Fund will not be liable for acting  upon
instructions  communicated  by  telephone  that  it  reasonably  believes  to be
genuine.                                                                        

Redemption requests by telephone (technically a repurchase agreement between the
Fund and the  shareholder)  of shares  purchased  by check will not be  accepted
until the purchase check has cleared which may take up to seven business days.  

39

P-->497140th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 140th
Redemption by QuickSell                                                         

Shareholders,  whose  predesignated  bank  account  of record is a member of the
Automated  Clearing  House Network (ACH) and have elected to  participate in the
QuickSell program,  may sell shares of a Fund by telephone.  Redemptions must be
for at least $50.  Proceeds in the amount of your redemption will be transferred
to your bank checking account in two or three business days following your call.
For requests received by the close of regular trading on the Exchange,  normally
4 p.m.  Eastern  time,  shares will be redeemed at the net asset value per share
calculated at the close of trading on the day of your call.  QuickSell  requests
received  after the close of regular  trading on the  Exchange  will begin their
processing the following business day. QuickSell  transactions are not available
for Scudder IRA accounts and most other retirement plan accounts.               

In order to request  redemptions by QuickSell,  shareholders must have completed
and returned to the Transfer Agent the application, including the designation of
a bank account.  New investors wishing to establish QuickSell may so indicate on
the  application.  Existing  shareholders  who  wish to add  QuickSell  to their
account may do so by completing a QuickSell Enrollment Form. After sending in an
enrollment  form,  shareholders  should allow for 15 days for this service to be
available.                                                                      

The Funds employ  procedures,  including  recording  telephone calls,  testing a
caller's identity,  and sending written confirmation of telephone  transactions,
designed  to  give  reasonable  assurance  that  instructions   communicated  by
telephone  are genuine and to discourage  fraud.  To the extent that a Fund does
not follow such  procedures,  it may be liable for losses due to unauthorized or
fraudulent  telephone  instructions.  A Fund will not be liable for acting  upon
instructions  communicated  by  telephone  that  it  reasonably  believes  to be
genuine.                                                                        

Redemption by Mail or Fax                                                       

Any  existing  share  certificates   representing  shares  being  redeemed  must
accompany a request for  redemption  and be duly  endorsed or  accompanied  by a
proper stock assignment form with signature(s) guaranteed.                      

In order to ensure proper  authorization  before redeeming shares,  the Transfer
Agent may request  additional  documents  such as, but not  restricted to, stock
powers,  trust  instruments,  certificates  of death,  appointments as executor,
certificates of corporate  authority and waivers of tax (required in some states
when settling estates).                                                         

It is  suggested  that  shareholders  holding  shares  registered  in other than
individual  names contact the Transfer Agent prior to any  redemptions to ensure
that all necessary documents accompany the request.  When shares are held in the
name of a corporation,  trust,  fiduciary  agent,  attorney or partnership,  the
Transfer Agent requires,  in addition to the stock power,  certified evidence of
authority to sign.  These  procedures are for the protection of shareholders and
should be followed to ensure  prompt  payment.  Redemption  requests must not be
conditional as to date or price of the redemption. Proceeds of a redemption will
be sent within seven (7) business days after receipt by the Transfer  Agent of a
request for redemption that complies with the above requirements. Delays of more
than seven (7) days of payment for shares  tendered for repurchase or redemption
may result, but only until the purchase check has cleared.                      

The  requirements  for IRA  redemptions  are  different  from those for  regular
accounts. For more information call 1-800-225-5163.                             

Redemption-in-Kind                                                              

Each  Corporation  reserves  the  right,  if  conditions  exist  which make cash
payments undesirable, to honor any request for redemption or repurchase order by
making payment in whole or in part in readily marketable  securities chosen by a
Fund and valued as they are for  purposes of  computing a Fund's net asset value
(a  redemption-in-kind).  If payment is made in  securities,  a shareholder  may
incur  transaction  expenses in  converting  these  securities  into cash.  Each
Corporation  has elected,  however,  to be governed by Rule 18f-1 under the 1940
Act, as a result of which a Fund is obligated to redeem shares,  with respect to
any one shareholder during any 90-day period, solely in cash up to the lesser of
$250,000  or 1% of the net  asset  value of that  Fund at the  beginning  of the
period.                                                                         

40

P-->497141st Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 141st
Other Information                                                               

Clients,  officers or employees of the Advisor or of an affiliated organization,
and members of such clients',  officers' or employees' immediate families, banks
and members of the NASD may direct repurchase requests to a Fund through Scudder
Investor  Services,  Inc.  at Two  International  Place,  Boston,  Massachusetts
02110-4103 by letter,  fax, TWX, or telephone.  A two-part  confirmation will be
mailed out promptly after receipt of the repurchase  request.  A written request
in good order with a proper original  signature  guarantee,  as described in the
Shares'  prospectus,  should  be sent  with a copy  of the  invoice  to  Scudder
Investments,  attn: Scudder Confirmed  Processing,  42 Longwater Drive, Norwell,
Massachusetts 02061-1612.  Failure to deliver shares or required documents (see
above) by the settlement  date may result in  cancellation  of the trade and the
shareholder will be responsible for any loss incurred by a Fund or the principal
underwriter  by reason of such  cancellation.  Net  losses on such  transactions
which are not recovered from the  shareholder  will be absorbed by the principal
underwriter.  Any net gains so resulting  will accrue to a Fund. For this group,
repurchases  will be carried out at the net asset value next computed after such
repurchase  requests  have been  received.  The  arrangements  described in this
paragraph for repurchasing  shares are  discretionary and may be discontinued at
any time.                                                                       

Shareholders who wish to redeem shares from Special Plan Accounts should contact
the employer, trustee or custodian of the Plan for the requirements.            

If a  shareholder  redeems all shares in the account  after the record date of a
dividend,  the shareholder  receives in addition to the net asset value thereof,
all  declared  but unpaid  dividends  thereon.  The value of shares  redeemed or
repurchased may be more or less than the shareholder's cost depending on the net
asset value at the time of  redemption or  repurchase.  A Fund does not impose a
redemption or repurchase  charge,  although a wire charge may be applicable  for
redemption  proceeds wired to an investor's bank account.  Redemption of shares,
including  redemptions  undertaken  to effect an exchange  for shares of another
Scudder fund, may result in tax  consequences  (gain or loss) to the shareholder
and the proceeds of such redemptions may be subject to backup withholding.  (See
"Taxes.")                                                                       

The determination of net asset value and a shareholder's  right to redeem shares
and to receive payment  therefore may be suspended at times (a) during which the
Exchange is closed,  other than  customary  weekend and  holiday  closings,  (b)
during which  trading on the Exchange is restricted  for any reason,  (c) during
which an emergency  exists as a result of which disposal by a Fund of securities
owned by it is not reasonably  practicable  or it is not reasonably  practicable
for a Fund fairly to determine the value of its net assets,  or (d) during which
the Securities and Exchange  Commission (the  "Commission"),  by order permits a
suspension of the right of redemption or a  postponement  of the date of payment
or of  redemption;  provided  that  applicable  rules  and  regulations  of  the
Commission (or any succeeding governmental authority) shall govern as to whether
the conditions prescribed in (b), (c) or (d) exist.                             

Dividends and Capital Gains Distribution Options                                

Each Fund will reinvest dividend checks (and future dividends) in shares of that
same fund and class if checks are returned undeliverable.                       

Investors  have  freedom to choose  whether to receive  cash or to reinvest  any
dividends  from net investment  income or  distributions  from realized  capital
gains in additional Shares of a Fund. A change of instructions for the method of
payment may be given to the  Transfer  Agent in writing at least five days prior
to a dividend  record date.  Shareholders  may change their  dividend  option by
calling  1-800-225-5163  for Class S and  1-800-253-2277  for  Class  AARP or by
sending written  instructions to the Transfer Agent. Please include your account
number with your written request.                                               

Reinvestment  is usually made at the closing net asset value  determined  on the
business  day   following  the  record  date.   Investors  may  leave   standing
instructions  with the  Transfer  Agent  designating  their  option  for  either
reinvestment  or cash  distribution  of any income  dividends  or capital  gains
distributions.  If no  election is made,  dividends  and  distributions  will be
invested in additional class shares of a Fund.                                  

Investors may also have dividends and distributions  automatically  deposited to
their predesignated bank account through Scudder's Direct Distributions Program.
Shareholders who elect to participate in the Direct  Distributions  Program, and
whose  predesignated  checking  account  of  record  is  with a  member  bank of
Automated  Clearing  House  Network  (ACH)  can have  income  and  capital  gain
distributions  automatically  deposited to their  personal bank                 

41

P-->497142nd Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 142nd
account usually within three business days after a Fund pays its distribution. A
Direct Distributions request form can be obtained by calling  1-800-225-5163 for
Class S and  1-800-253-2277  for Class  AARP.  Confirmation  Statements  will be
mailed to shareholders as notification that distributions have been deposited.  

Investors  choosing to participate in Scudder's  Automatic  Withdrawal Plan must
reinvest any dividends or capital gains. For most retirement plan accounts,  the
reinvestment of dividends and capital gains is also required.                   

Transaction Summaries                                                           

Annual  summaries  of all  transactions  in each Fund  account are  available to
shareholders. The summaries may be obtained by calling 1-800-SCUDDER for Class S
and 1-800-253-2277 for Class AARP.                                              

Reports to Shareholders                                                         

The Corporation  issues to its shareholders an unaudited  semiannual  report for
Global Fund,  an audited  semiannual  report for  International  Fund and annual
financial  statements  audited by independent  accountants,  including a list of
investments held and statements of assets and liabilities,  operations,  changes
in net assets and financial highlights. Each distribution will be accompanied by
a brief explanation of the source of the distribution.                          

Special Plan Accounts                                                           

Detailed  information on any Scudder  investment plan,  including the applicable
charges,  minimum  investment  requirements  and  disclosures  made  pursuant to
Internal Revenue Service (the "IRS") requirements, may be obtained by contacting
Scudder Investor Services, Inc., Two International Place, Boston,  Massachusetts
02110-4103 or by calling toll free, 1-800-225-2470. The discussions of the plans
below  describe only certain  aspects of the federal income tax treatment of the
plan. The state tax treatment may be different and may vary from state to state.
It is advisable for an investor  considering the funding of the investment plans
described  below to consult with an attorney or other  investment or tax advisor
with respect to the suitability requirements and tax aspects thereof.           

Shares of a Fund may also be a permitted  investment  under  profit  sharing and
pension  plans  and IRA's  other  than  those  offered  by a Fund's  distributor
depending on the provisions of the relevant plan or IRA.                        

None  of  the  plans   assures  a  profit  or  guarantees   protection   against
depreciation, especially in declining markets.                                  

Scudder  Retirement Plans:  Profit-Sharing  and Money Purchase Pension Plans for
Corporations and Self-Employed Individuals                                      

Shares of a Fund may be purchased as the  investment  medium under a plan in the
form of a Scudder  Profit-Sharing  Plan  (including  a version of the Plan which
includes a  cash-or-deferred  feature) or a Scudder Money Purchase  Pension Plan
(jointly referred to as the Scudder  Retirement Plans) adopted by a corporation,
a self-employed  individual or a group of self-employed  individuals  (including
sole proprietorships and partnerships),  or other qualifying organization.  Each
of these forms was approved by the IRS as a prototype.  The IRS's approval of an
employer's  plan  under  Section  401(a) of the  Internal  Revenue  Code will be
greatly facilitated if it is in such approved form. Under certain circumstances,
the IRS will assume that a plan,  adopted in this form,  after special notice to
any employees,  meets the requirements of Section 401(a) of the Internal Revenue
Code as to form.                                                                

Scudder  401(k):  Cash or  Deferred  Profit-Sharing  Plan for  Corporations  and
Self-Employed Individuals                                                       

Shares of a Fund may be purchased as the  investment  medium under a plan in the
form  of a  Scudder  401(k)  Plan  adopted  by a  corporation,  a  self-employed
individual or a group of self-employed  individuals  (including sole proprietors
and partnerships), or other qualifying organization. This plan has been approved
as a prototype by the IRS.                                                      

Scudder IRA: Individual Retirement Account                                      

Shares of a Fund may be purchased as the underlying investment for an Individual
Retirement  Account  which  meets  the  requirements  of  Section  408(a) of the
Internal Revenue Code.                                                          

42

P-->497143rd Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 143rd
A single individual who is not an active  participant in an  employer-maintained
retirement plan, a simplified  employee pension plan, or a tax-deferred  annuity
program (a  "qualified  plan"),  and a married  individual  who is not an active
participant  in a  qualified  plan  and  whose  spouse  is  also  not an  active
participant   in  a  qualified   plan,  are  eligible  to  make  tax  deductible
contributions to an IRA of up to the maximum contribution amount described below
for each year prior to the year such individual attains age 70 1/2. In addition,
certain  individuals who are active participants in qualified plans (or who have
spouses who are active  participants)  are also eligible to make  tax-deductible
contributions to an IRA; the annual amount,  if any, of the  contribution  which
such an  individual  will be eligible to deduct will be determined by the amount
of his, her, or their adjusted gross income for the year.  Whenever the adjusted
gross income  limitation  prohibits an individual from  contributing  what would
otherwise be the maximum  tax-deductible  contribution he or she could make, the
individual  will be eligible to contribute  the difference to an IRA in the form
of nondeductible contributions.                                                 

An eligible  individual may contribute up to the maximum  contribution amount of
qualified income (earned income or, under certain circumstances,  alimony) to an
IRA each year (up to the maximum  contribution amount per individual for married
couples,  even if only one spouse has earned income).  The maximum  contribution
amount (whether  deductible or nondeductible)  permitted to be made to an IRA is
$2000 for the 2001 year,  and is increased to $3,000 for 2002 through  2004,  to
$4,000 for 2005 through 2007,  and to $5,000 for 2008.  After 2008,  the maximum
contribution amount will be adjusted to reflect increases in the cost of living.
In addition,  for 2002 through 2005, individuals who are age 50 or older will be
permitted to make additional  "catch-up"  contributions of $500 in each of those
years,  increasing  to  $1,000  for  years  after  2005.  Further,  a  temporary
nonrefundable  income tax credit of up to $1,000 may be  available  for  certain
individuals  with low and middle  incomes for 2002 through 2006.  All income and
capital  gains  derived  from  IRA   investments  are  reinvested  and  compound
tax-deferred  until  distributed.  Such  tax-deferred  compounding  can  lead to
substantial retirement savings.                                                 

The following paragraph applies to Class S shareholders only:                   

Scudder 403(b) Plan                                                             

Shares of a Fund may also be  purchased  as the  underlying  investment  for tax
sheltered  annuity  plans  under the  provisions  of  Section  403(b)(7)  of the
Internal  Revenue  Code.  In  general,  employees  of  tax-exempt  organizations
described in Section  501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code (such as hospitals,
churches,  religious,  scientific,  or literary  organizations  and  educational
institutions)  or a public school system are eligible to participate in a 403(b)
plan.                                                                           

Automatic Withdrawal Plan                                                       

Non-retirement  plan shareholders may establish an Automatic  Withdrawal Plan to
receive monthly,  quarterly or periodic  redemptions from his or her account for
any designated amount of $50 or more.  Shareholders may designate which day they
want the automatic withdrawal to be processed. The check amounts may be based on
the redemption of a fixed dollar amount, fixed share amount,  percent of account
value or declining  balance.  The Plan provides for income dividends and capital
gains distributions,  if any, to be reinvested in additional Shares.  Shares are
then  liquidated  as necessary  to provide for  withdrawal  payments.  Since the
withdrawals are in amounts  selected by the investor and have no relationship to
yield or income,  payments  received  cannot be considered as yield or income on
the investment and the resulting liquidations may deplete or possibly extinguish
the  initial   investment  and  any  reinvested   dividends  and  capital  gains
distributions.  Requests for  increases in  withdrawal  amounts or to change the
payee must be submitted in writing, signed exactly as the account is registered,
and contain  signature  guarantee(s).  Any such  requests  must be received by a
Fund's  transfer  agent  ten  days  prior  to the  date of the  first  automatic
withdrawal.  An Automatic  Withdrawal  Plan may be terminated at any time by the
shareholder,  the  Corporation  or its  agent  on  written  notice,  and will be
terminated when all Shares of a Fund under the Plan have been liquidated or upon
receipt by the Corporation of notice of death of the shareholder.               

An  Automatic   Withdrawal   Plan  request  form  can  be  obtained  by  calling
1-800-225-5163 for Class S and 1-800-253-2277 for Class AARP.                   

Group or Salary Deduction Plan                                                  

An  investor  may join a Group  or  Salary  Deduction  Plan  where  satisfactory
arrangements have been made with Scudder Investor Services,  Inc. for forwarding
regular  investments  through a single source.  The minimum annual              

43

P-->497144th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 144th
investment  is $240  per  investor  which  may be made  in  monthly,  quarterly,
semiannual or annual payments.  The minimum monthly deposit per investor is $20.
Except for trustees or custodian fees for certain  retirement  plans, at present
there is no separate charge for  maintaining  group or salary  deduction  plans;
however,  the  Corporation  and its  agents  reserve  the right to  establish  a
maintenance  charge in the future  depending  on the  services  required  by the
investor.                                                                       

The  Corporation  reserves  the  right,  after  notice  has  been  given  to the
shareholder,  to redeem and close a shareholder's  account in the event that the
shareholder ceases participating in the group plan prior to investment of $1,000
per  individual  or in the  event  of a  redemption  which  occurs  prior to the
accumulation  of that amount or which  reduces  the  account  value to less than
$1,000 and the account value is not increased to $1,000 within a reasonable time
after  notification.  An investor in a plan who has not purchased shares for six
months shall be presumed to have stopped making payments under the plan.        

Automatic Investment Plan                                                       

Shareholders may arrange to make periodic  investments in Class S shares through
automatic  deductions from checking  accounts by completing the appropriate form
and providing the necessary documentation to establish this service. The minimum
investment is $50 for Class S shares.                                           

Shareholders may arrange to make periodic investments in Class AARP of each Fund
through automatic deductions from checking accounts.  The minimum pre-authorized
investment  amount is $50. New  shareholders  who open a Gift to Minors  Account
pursuant  to the Uniform  Gift to Minors Act (UGMA) and the Uniform  Transfer to
Minors Act (UTMA) and who sign up for the Automatic Investment Plan will be able
to open a Fund  account  for less  than  $500 if they  agree to  increase  their
investment  to $500 within a 10 month  period.  Investors may also invest in any
Class AARP for $500 if they establish a plan with a minimum automatic investment
of at least $100 per month.  This  feature is only  available to Gifts to Minors
Account investors. The Automatic Investment Plan may be discontinued at any time
without prior notice to a shareholder  if any debit from their bank is not paid,
or by written  notice to the  shareholder at least thirty days prior to the next
scheduled payment to the Automatic Investment Plan.                             

The Automatic Investment Plan involves an investment strategy called dollar cost
averaging.  Dollar cost  averaging is a method of  investing  whereby a specific
dollar  amount is invested at regular  intervals.  By investing  the same dollar
amount each period,  when shares are priced low the investor  will purchase more
shares  than  when  the  share  price is  higher.  Over a  period  of time  this
investment  approach may allow the  investor to reduce the average  price of the
shares purchased.  However, this investment approach does not assure a profit or
protect  against loss. This type of regular  investment  program may be suitable
for various  investment  goals such as, but not limited to, college  planning or
saving for a home.                                                              

Uniform Transfers/Gifts to Minors Act                                           

Grandparents,  parents or other donors may set up custodian accounts for minors.
The minimum initial  investment is $1,000 unless the donor agrees to continue to
make  regular  share  purchases  for the  account  through  Scudder's  Automatic
Investment Plan (AIP). In this case, the minimum initial investment is $500.    

The  Corporation  reserves  the  right,  after  notice  has  been  given  to the
shareholder and custodian,  to redeem and close a  shareholder's  account in the
event that regular investments to the account cease before the $1,000 minimum is
reached.                                                                        

Scudder Roth IRA: Individual Retirement Account                                 

Shares  of a Fund  may be  purchased  as the  underlying  investment  for a Roth
Individual  Retirement  Account which meets the  requirements of Section 408A of
the Internal Revenue Code.                                                      

A single  individual  earning  below  $95,000 can  contribute  up to the maximum
contribution  amount per year to a Roth IRA.  The  maximum  contribution  amount
(whether  deductible or  nondeductible)  permitted to be made to an IRA is $2000
for the 2001 year,  and is increased to $3,000 for 2002 through  2004, to $4,000
for 2005  through  2007,  and to  $5,000  for  2008.  After  2008,  the  maximum
contribution amount will be adjusted to reflect increases in the cost of living.
In addition,  for 2002 through 2005, individuals who are age 50 or older will be
permitted to make additional                                                    

44

P-->497145th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 145th
"catch-up"  contributions  of $500 in each of those years,  increasing to $1,000
for years after 2005. Further, a temporary nonrefundable income tax credit of up
to $1,000 may be available for certain  individuals  with low and middle incomes
for 2002 through 2006. The maximum  contribution amount diminishes and gradually
falls to zero for single filers with adjusted gross incomes ranging from $95,000
to $110,000.  Married  couples earning less than $150,000  combined,  and filing
jointly, can each contribute the full maximum contribution amount each year (for
example,  in 2001 each spouse  could  contribute  $2,000 to his or her IRA,  for
aggregate IRA  contributions  of $4,000).  The maximum  contribution  amount for
married couples filing jointly phases out from $150,000 to $160,000.            

An eligible  individual can contribute money to a traditional IRA and a Roth IRA
as long as the  total  contribution  to all IRAs  does not  exceed  the  maximum
contribution  amount.  No tax  deduction  is allowed  under  Section  219 of the
Internal Revenue Code for  contributions to a Roth IRA.  Contributions to a Roth
IRA may be made even after the individual for whom the account is maintained has
attained age 70 1/2.                                                            

All income and capital gains derived from Roth IRA  investments  are  reinvested
and  compounded  tax-free.  Such tax-free  compounding  can lead to  substantial
retirement savings. No distributions are required to be taken prior to the death
of the original account holder. If a Roth IRA has been established for a minimum
of five years,  distributions  can be taken  tax-free after reaching age 59 1/2,
for a first-time home purchase ($10,000 maximum,  one-time use) or upon death or
disability.  All other distributions of earnings from a Roth IRA are taxable and
subject to a 10% tax penalty unless an exception applies.  Exceptions to the 10%
penalty include:  disability,  certain medical expenses,  the purchase of health
insurance for an unemployed individual and qualified higher education expenses. 

An  individual  with an income of $100,000  or less (who is not  married  filing
separately)  can roll his or her  existing  IRA into a Roth  IRA.  However,  the
individual must pay taxes on the taxable amount in his or her  traditional  IRA.
Individuals  who  completed  the rollover in 1998 were allowed to spread the tax
payments over a four-year period.  Since 1999, all taxes on such a rollover have
had to be paid in the tax year in which the rollover is made.                   

DIVIDENDS, CAPITAL GAINS AND TAXES

The Funds intend to follow the practice of distributing  all of their investment
company  taxable  income,  which includes any excess of net realized  short-term
capital gains over net realized  long-term capital losses. A Fund may follow the
practice of  distributing  the entire excess of net realized  long-term  capital
gains over net realized  short-term  capital losses.  However, a Fund may retain
all or part of such gain for  reinvestment  after  paying  the  related  federal
income  taxes  for which  the  shareholders  may then be asked to claim a credit
against their federal income tax liability.                                     

If a Fund does not distribute the amount of capital gain and/or  ordinary income
required to be  distributed by an excise tax provision of the Code, the Fund may
be subject to that excise tax. In certain  circumstances,  a Fund may  determine
that it is in the interest of  shareholders to distribute less than the required
amount.                                                                         

Earnings and profits  distributed to  shareholders on redemptions of Fund shares
may be  utilized  by a Fund,  to the extent  permissible,  as part of the Fund's
dividends paid deduction on its federal tax return.                             

Each Fund intends to distribute  its investment  company  taxable income and any
net realized  capital gains in November or December to avoid federal excise tax,
although an additional distribution may be made if necessary.                   

Both types of distributions will be made in Shares of the Fund and confirmations
will be mailed to each  shareholder  unless a shareholder has elected to receive
cash, in which case a check will be sent.  Distributions  of investment  company
taxable  income and net  realized  capital  gains are  taxable,  whether made in
Shares or cash.                                                                 

Each  distribution  is  accompanied  by a  brief  explanation  of the  form  and
character of the  distribution.  The  characterization  of distributions on such
correspondence may differ from the characterization for federal tax purposes. In
January of each year each Fund issues to each  shareholder  a  statement  of the
federal income tax status of all distributions in the prior calendar year.      

45

P-->497146th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 146th
Taxes                                                                           

Each Fund has  elected to be treated as a  regulated  investment  company  under
Subchapter M of the Code,  or a  predecessor  statute and has  qualified as such
since  its  inception.   Such  qualification   does  not  involve   governmental
supervision or management of investment practices or policy.                    

A regulated  investment  company  qualifying  under  Subchapter M of the Code is
required to distribute to its shareholders at least 90 percent of its investment
company taxable income (including net short-term  capital gain) and generally is
not subject to federal income tax to the extent that it distributes annually its
investment  company taxable income and net realized  capital gains in the manner
required under the Code.                                                        

If for any taxable year a Fund does not qualify for special  federal  income tax
treatment afforded  regulated  investment  companies,  all of its taxable income
will be subject to federal  income tax at regular  corporate  rates (without any
deduction for  distributions to its  shareholders).  In such an event,  dividend
distributions  would be  taxable  to  shareholders  to the  extent of the Fund's
earnings and profits, and would be eligible for the dividends received deduction
in the case of corporate shareholders.                                          

Each Fund is subject to a 4% nondeductible  excise tax on amounts required to be
but not distributed under a prescribed formula.  The formula requires payment to
shareholders  during a calendar year of distributions  representing at least 98%
of the Fund's  ordinary income for the calendar year, at least 98% of the excess
of its capital gains over capital losses  (adjusted for certain ordinary losses)
realized  during the one-year period ending October 31 during such year, and all
ordinary  income and  capital  gains for prior  years  that were not  previously
distributed.                                                                    

Investment  company taxable income  generally is made up of dividends,  interest
and net short-term capital gains in excess of net long-term capital losses, less
expenses.  Net realized  capital  gains for a fiscal year are computed by taking
into account any capital loss carryforward of a Fund.                           

From   November  1,  2000  through   August  31,  2001,   Global  Fund  incurred
approximately  $13,879,000 of net realized  capital losses.  As permitted by tax
regulations,  the Fund  intends to elect to defer these losses and treat them as
arising in the fiscal year ending August 31, 2002.                              

From  November 1, 2000 through  August 31,  2001,  International  Fund  incurred
approximately  $626,984,000 of net realized capital losses.  As permitted by tax
regulations,  the Fund  intends to elect to defer these losses and treat them as
arising in the fiscal year ending August 31, 2002.                              

If any net realized long-term capital gains in excess of net realized short-term
capital losses are retained by a Fund for reinvestment, requiring federal income
taxes to be paid  thereon by  theFund,  the Fund  intends to elect to treat such
capital gains as having been  distributed  to  shareholders.  As a result,  each
shareholder will report such capital gains as long-term  capital gains,  will be
able to claim a proportionate  share of federal income taxes paid by the Fund on
such gains as a credit against the  shareholder's  federal income tax liability,
and will be entitled to increase  the  adjusted  tax basis of the  shareholder's
Fund shares by the difference  between such reported gains and the shareholder's
tax credit.                                                                     

Distributions  of investment  company taxable income are taxable to shareholders
as ordinary income.                                                             

Dividends from domestic  corporations are not expected to comprise a substantial
part of a Fund's gross income.  If any such dividends  constitute a portion of a
Fund's gross income,  a portion of the income  distributions  of the Fund may be
eligible  for  the  70%  deduction  for  dividends   received  by  corporations.
Shareholders will be informed of the portion of dividends which so qualify.  The
dividends-received  deduction is reduced to the extent the shares of a Fund with
respect to which the dividends are received are treated as  debt-financed  under
federal income tax law and is eliminated if either those shares or the shares of
the Fund are  deemed to have been held by the Fund or the  shareholders,  as the
case may be, for less than 46 days during the 90-day  period  beginning  45 days
before the shares become ex-dividend.                                           

Properly  designated  distributions of the excess of net long-term  capital gain
over net  short-term  capital  loss are  taxable to  shareholders  as  long-term
capital gains, regardless of the length of time the shares of the Fund have been

46

P-->497147th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 147th
held  by  such  shareholders.  Such  distributions  are  not  eligible  for  the
dividends-received  deduction.  Any loss realized upon the  redemption of shares
held at the time of  redemption  for six  months  or less will be  treated  as a
long-term  capital loss to the extent of any amounts treated as distributions of
long-term capital gain during such six-month period.                            

Distributions  of investment  company  taxable  income and net realized  capital
gains will be taxable as described above, whether received in shares or in cash.
Shareholders  electing to receive distributions in the form of additional Shares
will have a cost basis for federal income tax purposes in each Share so received
equal to the net asset value of a Share on the reinvestment date.               

All distributions of investment  company taxable income and net realized capital
gain,  whether  received  in  shares  or in  cash,  must  be  reported  by  each
shareholder  on his or her  federal  income tax  return.  Dividends  declared in
October,  November or December with a record date in such a month will be deemed
to have been received by  shareholders on December 31, if paid during January of
the following  year.  Redemptions of shares,  including  exchanges for shares of
another  Scudder  Fund,  may  result in tax  consequences  (gain or loss) to the
shareholder and are also subject to these reporting requirements.               

A qualifying  individual may make a deductible IRA  contribution for any taxable
year only if (i) neither the  individual  nor his or her spouse  (unless  filing
separate returns) is an active participant in an employer's  retirement plan, or
(ii) the individual (and his or her spouse, if applicable) has an adjusted gross
income below a certain level in 2001 ($53,000 for married  individuals  filing a
joint  return,  with a phase-out  of the  deduction  for  adjusted  gross income
between $53,000 and $63,000;  $33,000 for a single individual,  with a phase-out
for adjusted gross income between $33,000 and $43,000).  However,  an individual
not permitted to make a deductible  contribution  to an IRA for any such taxable
year may nonetheless make nondeductible contributions up to $2,000 to an IRA (up
to $2,000  per  individual  for  married  couples  if only one spouse has earned
income) for that year. The $2000 limit on contributions  (whether  deductible or
nondeductible)  is increased to $3,000 for 2002 through 2004.  In addition,  for
2002 through 2005, individuals who are age 50 or older will be permitted to make
additional "catch-up" contributions of $500 in each of those years. In addition,
a temporary nonrefundable income tax credit of up to $1,000 may be available for
certain individuals with low and middle incomes for 2002 through 2006. There are
special rules for determining how withdrawals are to be taxed if an IRA contains
both deductible and nondeductible amounts. In general, a proportionate amount of
each  withdrawal  will be deemed to be made  from  nondeductible  contributions;
amounts treated as a return of nondeductible  contributions will not be taxable.
Also,  annual  contributions may be made to a spousal IRA even if the spouse has
earnings  in a given  year if the  spouse  elects  to be  treated  as  having no
earnings (for IRA contribution purposes) for the year.                          

Distributions  by a Fund  result in a  reduction  in the net asset value of that
Fund's  shares.  Should  a  distribution  reduce  the net  asset  value  below a
shareholder's cost basis, such distribution would nevertheless be taxable to the
shareholder as ordinary income or capital gain as described above,  even though,
from an investment standpoint, it may constitute a partial return of capital. In
particular, investors should consider the tax implications of buying shares just
prior to a distribution. The price of shares purchased at that time includes the
amount  of the  forthcoming  distribution.  Those  purchasing  just  prior  to a
distribution   will  then   receive  a  partial   return  of  capital  upon  the
distribution, which will nevertheless be taxable to them.                       

Dividend and interest  income  received by a Fund from sources  outside the U.S.
may  be  subject  to  withholding  and  other  taxes  imposed  by  such  foreign
jurisdictions. Tax conventions between certain countries and the U.S. may reduce
or eliminate these foreign taxes,  however,  and foreign countries  generally do
not impose taxes on capital gains respecting investments by foreign investors.  

Each Fund  intends  to qualify  for and may make the  election  permitted  under
Section 853 of the Code so that  shareholders  may (subject to  limitations)  be
able to claim a credit or deduction on their federal income tax returns for, and
will be required to treat as part of the amounts  distributed to them, their pro
rata portion of qualified taxes paid by a Fund to foreign countries (which taxes
relate  primarily to investment  income).  Each Fund may make an election  under
Section 853 of the Code,  provided  that more than 50% of the value of the total
assets of the Fund at the close of the taxable year  consists of  securities  in
foreign  corporations.  The  foreign tax credit  available  to  shareholders  is
subject  to  certain  limitations  imposed  by the  Code,  except in the case of
certain electing individual  taxpayers who have limited creditable foreign taxes
and  no  foreign  source  income  other  than  passive  investment-type  income.
Furthermore,  the foreign tax credit is eliminated with respect to foreign taxes
withheld on dividends if the dividend-paying  shares or the shares of a Fund are
held by the Fund or the  shareholder,  as the case may be, for less             

47

P-->497148th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 148th
than 16 days (46 days in the case of preferred  shares) during the 30-day period
(90-day  period for preferred  shares)  beginning 15 days (45 days for preferred
shares) before the shares become  ex-dividend.  In addition,  if a Fund fails to
satisfy these holding period requirements,  it cannot elect under Section 853 to
pass through to  shareholders  the ability to claim a deduction  for the related
foreign taxes.                                                                  

If a Fund does not make the  election  permitted  under  section 853 any foreign
taxes paid or accrued  will  represent  an expense to the Fund which will reduce
its investment company taxable income.  Absent this election,  shareholders will
not be able to claim  either a credit or a deduction  for their pro rata portion
of such taxes paid by the Fund,  nor will  shareholders  be required to treat as
part of the  amounts  distributed  to them their pro rata  portion of such taxes
paid.                                                                           

Equity options  (including  covered call options written on portfolio stock) and
over-the-counter  options on debt securities written or purchased by a Fund will
be subject to tax under  Section 1234 of the Code.  In general,  no loss will be
recognized by a Fund upon payment of a premium in  connection  with the purchase
of a put or call option.  The  character of any gain or loss  recognized  (i.e.,
long-term or short-term) will generally  depend,  in the case of a lapse or sale
of the option,  on the Fund's holding period for the option,  and in the case of
the exercise of a put option,  on the Fund's  holding  period for the underlying
property.  The purchase of a put option may  constitute a short sale for federal
income tax purposes, causing an adjustment in the holding period of any stock in
a Fund's portfolio  similar to the stocks on which the index is based. If a Fund
writes an option,  no gain is recognized  upon its receipt of a premium.  If the
option  lapses or is  closed  out,  any gain or loss is  treated  as  short-term
capital gain or loss. If a call option is  exercised,  the character of the gain
or loss depends on the holding period of the underlying stock.                  

Positions  of a Fund which  consist of at least one stock and at least one stock
option or other position with respect to a related security which  substantially
diminishes  the Fund's risk of loss with  respect to such stock could be treated
as a "straddle"  which is governed by Section 1092 of the Code, the operation of
which may cause deferral of losses, adjustments in the holding periods of stocks
or securities and conversion of short-term capital losses into long-term capital
losses.  An exception  to these  straddle  rules  exists for certain  "qualified
covered call options" on stock written by a Fund.                               

Many futures and forward  contracts  entered into by a Fund and listed nonequity
options  written or purchased by a Fund (including  options on debt  securities,
options on futures  contracts,  options on  securities  indices  and  options on
currencies), will be governed by Section 1256 of the Code. Absent a tax election
to the contrary, gain or loss attributable to the lapse, exercise or closing out
of any  such  position  generally  will  be  treated  as 60%  long-term  and 40%
short-term,  and  on  the  last  trading  day of the  Fund's  fiscal  year,  all
outstanding Section 1256 positions will be marked to market (i.e., treated as if
such  positions  were closed out at their closing  price on such day),  with any
resulting  gain or loss  recognized as 60% long-term and 40%  short-term.  Under
Section 988 of the Code,  discussed  below,  foreign  currency gain or loss from
foreign  currency-related  forward  contracts,  certain  futures and options and
similar financial instruments entered into or acquired by a Fund will be treated
as ordinary income or loss.                                                     

Notwithstanding  any of the foregoing,  a Fund may recognize gain (but not loss)
from a constructive  sale of certain  "appreciated  financial  positions" if the
Fund enters into a short sale,  offsetting notional principal contract,  futures
or forward  contract  transaction  with respect to the  appreciated  position or
substantially  identical  property.  Appreciated  financial positions subject to
this constructive sale treatment are interests  (including options,  futures and
forward  contracts  and short sales) in stock,  partnership  interests,  certain
actively  traded trust  instruments  and certain debt  instruments A transaction
during  the  tax  year  that  would  otherwise  be a  constructive  sale  may be
disregarded  if 1) the  transaction is closed by the 30th day after the close of
the tax year,  and 2) the  taxpayer  holds the  appreciated  financial  position
(without  reduction of risk of loss)  throughout the 60-day period following the
date of closing of the  transaction.  Similarly,  if a Fund  enters into a short
sale of property that becomes substantially  worthless,  the Fund will recognize
gain at that time as though it had closed the short sale. Future regulations may
apply  similar  treatment to other  transactions  with respect to property  that
becomes substantially worthless.                                                

Under the Code,  gains or losses  attributable to fluctuations in exchange rates
which  occur  between  the  time  a  Fund  accrues  receivables  or  liabilities
denominated in a foreign  currency and the time the Fund actually  collects such
receivables or pays such liabilities generally are treated as ordinary income or
ordinary loss.  Similarly,  on disposition of debt  securities  denominated in a
foreign  currency and on  disposition  of certain  options,  futures and forward
contracts,  gains or losses attributable to fluctuations in the value of foreign
currency  between the date of  acquisition  of the  security or contract and the
date of  disposition  are also treated as ordinary gain or loss.  These         

48

P-->497149th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 149th
gains or losses,  referred to under the Code as  "Section  988" gains or losses,
may  increase  or decrease  the amount of a Fund's  investment  company  taxable
income to be distributed to its shareholders as ordinary income.                

If a Fund invests in stock of certain foreign investment companies, the Fund may
be  subject  to  U.S.  federal  income  taxation  on a  portion  of any  "excess
distribution"  with respect to, or gain from the disposition of, such stock. The
tax would be determined by allocating such  distribution or gain ratably to each
day of the Fund's  holding  period for the stock.  The  distribution  or gain so
allocated  to any taxable  year of the Fund,  other than the taxable year of the
excess  distribution or  disposition,  would be taxed to the Fund at the highest
ordinary  income  rate in effect  for such  year,  and the tax would be  further
increased by an interest  charge to reflect the value of the tax deferral deemed
to have resulted from the ownership of the foreign  company's  stock. Any amount
of  distribution  or gain allocated to the taxable year of the  distribution  or
disposition  would be included in the Fund's  investment  company taxable income
and, accordingly,  would not be taxable to the Fund to the extent distributed by
the Fund as a dividend to its shareholders.                                     

A Fund may make an  election  to mark to  market  its  shares  of these  foreign
investment  companies in lieu of being subject to U.S.  federal income taxation.
At the end of each taxable year to which the  election  applies,  the Fund would
report as  ordinary  income  the  amount by which the fair  market  value of the
foreign  company's stock exceeds the Fund's adjusted basis in these shares;  any
mark-to-market losses and any loss from an actual disposition of shares would be
reported as ordinary loss to the extent of any net mark-to-market gains included
in income in prior years.  The effect of the  election  would be to treat excess
distributions  and gain on  dispositions as ordinary income which is not subject
to  a  fund  level  tax  when   distributed  to   shareholders  as  a  dividend.
Alternatively,  a Fund may elect to  include as income and gain its share of the
ordinary earnings and net capital gain of certain foreign  investment  companies
in lieu of being taxed in the manner described above.                           

If a Fund holds zero coupon securities or other securities which are issued at a
discount,  a portion of the  difference  between  the issue price of zero coupon
securities and the face value  ("original  issue  discount")  will be treated as
income  to the Fund each  year,  even  though  the Fund  will not  receive  cash
interest payments from these  securities.  This original issue discount (imputed
income) will comprise a part of the  investment  company  taxable  income of the
Fund  which  must be  distributed  to  shareholders  in  order to  maintain  the
qualification of the Fund as a regulated investment company and to avoid federal
income tax at the Fund level.  In  addition,  if a Fund  invests in certain high
yield original issue discount  obligations issued by corporations,  a portion of
the original issue  discount  accruing on the obligation may be eligible for the
deduction for dividends  received by corporations.  In such event,  dividends of
investment  company  taxable  income  received  from the  Fund by its  corporate
shareholders,  to the extent  attributable  to such portion of accrued  original
issue  discount,  may be eligible for this  deduction for dividends  received by
corporations if so designated by the Fund in a written notice to shareholders.  

A Fund will be required  to report to the IRS all  distributions  of  investment
company  taxable  income and capital  gains as well as gross  proceeds  from the
redemption  or exchange  of Fund  shares,  except in the case of certain  exempt
shareholders.  Under the backup  withholding  provisions  of Section 3406 of the
Code,  distributions of investment  company taxable income and capital gains and
proceeds from the redemption or exchange of the shares of a regulated investment
company may be subject to  withholding  of federal income tax at the rate of 30%
in the case of  non-exempt  shareholders  who  fail to  furnish  the  investment
company  with  their   taxpayer   identification   numbers  and  with   required
certifications  regarding  their  status  under  the  federal  income  tax  law.
Withholding  may also be  required  if a Fund is notified by the IRS or a broker
that  the  taxpayer  identification  number  furnished  by  the  shareholder  is
incorrect or that the  shareholder  has previously  failed to report interest or
dividend  income.  If  the  withholding  provisions  are  applicable,  any  such
distributions  and  proceeds,  whether taken in cash or reinvested in additional
shares, will be reduced by the amounts required to be withheld.                 

Shareholders of a Fund may be subject to state and local taxes on  distributions
received from the Fund and on redemptions of the Fund's shares.                 

The foregoing  discussion of U.S.  federal  income tax law relates solely to the
application of that law to U.S.  persons,  i.e., U.S. citizens and residents and
U.S. corporations, partnerships, trusts and estates. Each shareholder who is not
a U.S. person should consider the U.S. and foreign tax consequences of ownership
of shares of a Fund,  including the  possibility  that such a shareholder may be
subject to a U.S.  withholding tax at a rate of 30% (or at a lower rate under an
applicable income tax treaty) on amounts  constituting  ordinary income received
by him or her, where such amounts are treated as income from U.S.  sources under
the Code.                                                                       

49

P-->497150th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 150th
Shareholders  should  consult their tax advisors  about the  application  of the
provisions of tax law described in this  statement of additional  information in
light of their particular tax situations.                                       

 NET ASSET VALUE

The net  asset  value of  shares  of each  Fund is  computed  as of the close of
regular trading on the New York Stock Exchange (the  "Exchange") on each day the
Exchange is open for trading (the "Value Time"). The Exchange is scheduled to be
closed on the following  holidays:  New Year's Day, Dr. Martin Luther King,  Jr.
Day,  Presidents' Day, Good Friday,  Memorial Day,  Independence Day, Labor Day,
Thanksgiving  and Christmas,  and on the preceding  Friday or subsequent  Monday
when one of these  holidays  falls on a Saturday  or Sunday,  respectively.  Net
asset  value  per share is  determined  separately  for each  class of shares by
dividing the value of the total assets of each Fund  attributable  to the shares
of that class,  less all  liabilities  attributable  to that class, by the total
number of shares of that class outstanding. The per share net asset value may be
lower for certain classes of each Fund because of higher expenses borne by these
classes.                                                                        

An  exchange-traded  equity  security is valued at its most recent sale price on
the relevant  exchange as of the Value Time.  Lacking any sales, the security is
valued at the calculated mean between the most recent bid quotation and the most
recent asked quotation (the "Calculated  Mean") on such exchange as of the Value
Time. If it is not possible to determine the  Calculated  Mean,  the security is
valued at the most recent bid  quotation on such  exchange as of the Value Time.
An equity security which is traded on the Nasdaq Stock Market,  Inc.  ("Nasdaq")
system or another  over-the-counter  ("OTC") market is valued at its most recent
sale price on Nasdaq or such other OTC market as of the Value Time.  Lacking any
sales, the security is valued at the Calculated Mean on Nasdaq or such other OTC
market as of the Value Time. If it is not possible to determine  the  Calculated
Mean,  the security is valued at the most recent bid quotation on Nasdaq or such
other OTC market as of the Value Time. In the case of certain foreign exchanges,
the closing price  reported by the exchange  (which may sometimes be referred to
by the exchange or one or more  pricing  agents as the  "official  close" or the
"official  closing  price" or other similar  term) will be  considered  the most
recent sale price.  If a security is traded on more than one  exchange,  or upon
one or more  exchanges  and in the OTC  market,  quotations  are taken  from the
market in which the security is traded most extensively.                        

Debt securities are valued as follows.  Money market instruments  purchased with
an  original or  remaining  maturity  of 60 days or less,  maturing at par,  are
valued at amortized  cost.  Other money market  instruments  are valued based on
information  obtained from an approved  pricing agent or, if such information is
not readily  available,  by using  matrix  pricing  techniques  (formula  driven
calculations based primarily on current market yields). Bank loans are valued at
prices supplied by an approved  pricing agent (which are intended to reflect the
mean between the bid and asked prices), if available,  and otherwise at the mean
of the most recent bid and asked quotations or evaluated  prices, as applicable,
based  on   quotations   or  evaluated   prices   obtained   from  one  or  more
broker-dealers.  Privately  placed  debt  securities,  other than Rule 144A debt
securities,  initially are valued at cost and  thereafter  based on all relevant
factors  including  type  of  security,  size of  holding  and  restrictions  on
disposition.  Municipal  debt  securities  are valued at prices  supplied  by an
approved  pricing  agent (which are intended to reflect the mean between the bid
and asked prices), if available, and otherwise at the average of the means based
on the most recent bid and asked  quotations or evaluated  prices  obtained from
two  broker-dealers.  Other debt  securities are valued at prices supplied by an
approved  pricing  agent,  if  available,  and  otherwise at the most recent bid
quotation  or  evaluated  price,  as  applicable,  obtained  from  one  or  more
brokerdealers.  If it is not  possible  to  value  a  particular  debt  security
pursuant to the above  methods,  the  security is valued on the basis of factors
including  (but not limited to)  maturity,  coupon,  creditworthiness,  currency
denomination,  and the  movement of the market in which the security is normally
traded.                                                                         

An exchange-traded option contract on securities, currencies and other financial
instruments  is valued at its most recent sale price on such  exchange.  Lacking
any sales,  the option  contract is valued at the Calculated  Mean. If it is not
possible to determine the Calculated  Mean, the option contract is valued at the
most recent bid quotation in the case of a purchased option contract or the most
recent asked quotation in the case of a written option contract, in each case as
of the Value  Time.  An option  contract  on  securities,  currencies  and other
financial instruments traded in the OTC market with less than 180 days remaining
until expiration is valued at the evaluated price provided by the  broker-dealer
with which it was traded. An option contract on securities, currencies and other
financial  instruments  traded in the OTC market with 180 days or more remaining
until  expiration is valued at the average of the evaluated  prices  provided by
two  broker-dealers.  Futures  contracts (and options thereon) are valued at the
most  recent  settlement  price as of the Value Time on such  exchange.  Foreign
currency forward contracts are valued at the value of the underlying currency at
the prevailing  currency  exchange rate, which shall be determined not more than
one hour  before the Value  Time  based on  information  obtained  from  sources
determined by the Advisor to be appropriate.                                    

50

P-->497151st Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 151st
Following the valuations of securities or other portfolio assets in terms of the
currency in which the market quotation used is expressed ("Local Currency"), the
value of these  portfolio  assets  in terms of U.S.  dollars  is  calculated  by
converting  the Local  Currency  into U.S.  dollars at the  prevailing  currency
exchange rate on the valuation date.                                            

If market  quotations  for a portfolio  asset are not readily  available  or the
value of a portfolio  asset as  determined  in  accordance  with Board  approved
procedures does not represent the fair market value of the portfolio  asset, the
value of the portfolio  asset is taken to be an amount which,  in the opinion of
the  Fund's  Pricing  Committee  (or,  in  some  cases,  the  Board's  Valuation
Committee),  represents fair market value. The value of other portfolio holdings
owned by the Fund is determined in a manner which is intended to fairly  reflect
the fair market  value of the asset on the  valuation  date,  based on valuation
procedures  adopted by the Fund's  Board and  overseen  primarily  by the Fund's
Pricing Committee.                                                              

DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS

The officers and  directors of the  Corporations,  their ages,  their  principal
occupations  and their  affiliations,  if any,  with the  Advisor,  and  Scudder
Investor Services, Inc., are as follows:                                        

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

                                                                                             Position with      
                                                                                             Underwriter,       
                                                                                             Scudder Investor   
Name, Age, and Address        Position with Funds    Principal Occupation**                  Services, Inc.     
----------------------        -------------------    --------------------                    --------------     

                                                                                                                
Henry P. Becton, Jr. (58)     Director               President, WGBH Educational Foundation                     
WGBH                                                                                         --                 
125 Western Avenue                                                                                              
Allston, MA 02134                                                                                               

Linda C. Coughlin (50)+*      Chairperson, Director  Managing Director of Zurich Scudder     Vice Chairman and  
                              and President          Investments, Inc.                       Director           

Dawn-Marie Driscoll (55)      Director               Executive Fellow, Center for Business   --                 
4909 SW 9th Place                                    Ethics, Bentley College; President,                        
Cape Coral, FL 33914                                Driscoll Associates (consulting firm)                      

Edgar R. Fiedler (72)         Director               Senior Fellow and Economic              --                 
50023 Brogden                                        Counsellor, The Conference Board,                          
Chapel Hill, NC                                      Inc. (not-for-profit business                              
                                                     research organization)                                     

Keith R. Fox (47)             Director               General Partner, The Exeter Group of    --                 
10 East 53rd Street                                  Funds                                                      
New York, NY 10022                                                                                             

Jean Gleason Stromberg (58)   Director               Consultant; Director, Financial         --                 
3816 Military Road, NW                               Institutions Issues, U.S. General                          
Washington, D.C.                                     Accounting Office (1996-1997);                             
                                                     Partner, Fulbright & Jaworski law                          
                                                     firm (1978-1996)                                           

Jean C. Tempel (58)           Director               Managing Director, First Light          --                 
One Boston Place                                     Capital, LLC (venture capital firm)                        
23rd Floor                                                                                                      
Boston, MA 02108                                                                                                

                                  51                                                                            

P-->497152nd Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 152nd
                                                                                             Position with      
                                                                                             Underwriter,       
                                                                                             Scudder Investor   
Name, Age, and Address        Position with Funds    Principal Occupation**                  Services, Inc.     
----------------------        -------------------    --------------------                    --------------     

Steven Zaleznick (47)*        Director               President and CEO, AARP Services, Inc.  --                 
601 E Street, N.W.                                                                                              
Washington, DC 20049                                                                                            

Thomas V. Bruns (44)+         Vice President         Managing Director of Zurich Scudder     --                 
                                                     Investments, Inc.                                          

William F. Glavin, Jr. (43)+  Vice President         Managing Director of Zurich Scudder     --                 
                                                     Investments, Inc.                                          

James E. Masur (41)+          Vice President         Managing Director of Zurich Scudder     --                 
                                                     Investments, Inc.                                          

Kathryn L. Quirk (49)#        Vice President and     Managing Director of Zurich Scudder     --                 
                              Assistant Secretary    Investments, Inc.                                          

Howard Schneider (44)+        Vice President         Managing Director of Zurich Scudder     --                 
                                                     Investments, Inc.                                          

John R. Hebble (43)+          Treasurer              Senior Vice President of Zurich         Assistant Treasurer
                                                     Scudder Investments, Inc.                                  

Brenda Lyons (38)+            Assistant Treasurer    Senior Vice President of Zurich         --                 
                                                     Scudder Investments, Inc.                                  

Thomas Lally (34)+            Assistant Treasurer    Senior Vice President of Zurich                            
                                                     Scudder Investments, Inc.                                  

Caroline Pearson (39)+        Assistant Secretary    Managing Director of Zurich Scudder     Assistant Clerk    
                                                     Investments, Inc.; Associate, Dechert                      
                                                     Price & Rhoads (law firm) 1989 - 1997                      

John Millette (39)+           Vice President and     Vice President of Zurich Scudder        --                 
                              Secretary              Investments, Inc.                                          

Irene T. Cheng (47) #         Vice President of      Managing Director of Zurich Scudder     --                 
                              Scudder International  Investments, Inc.                                          
                              Fund, Inc.                                                                        

Joyce E. Cornell (57) #       Vice President of      Managing Director of Zurich Scudder     --                 
                              Scudder International  Investments, Inc.                                          
                              Fund, Inc.                                                                        

Jan C. Faller (35)+           Vice President of      Managing Director of Zurich Scudder     --                 
                              Global/International   Investments, Inc.                                          
                              Fund, Inc.                                                                        

Carol L. Franklin (49) #      Vice President of      Managing Director of Zurich Scudder     --                 
                              Scudder International  Investments, Inc.                                          
                              Fund, Inc.                                                                        

                                  52                                                                            

P-->497153rd Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 153rd
                                                                                             Position with      
                                                                                             Underwriter,       
                                                                                             Scudder Investor   
Name, Age, and Address        Position with Funds    Principal Occupation**                  Services, Inc.     
----------------------        -------------------    --------------------                    --------------     

Joan R. Gregory (56) #        Vice President of      Senior Vice President of Zurich         --                 
                              Scudder International  Scudder Investments, Inc.                                  
                              Fund, Inc.                                                                        

William Holzer (51)#          Vice President of      Managing Director of Zurich Scudder     --                 
                              Global/International   Investments, Inc.                                          
                              Fund, Inc.                                                                        

Gerald J. Moran (61)#         Vice President of      Managing Director of Zurich Scudder     --                 
                              Global/International   Investments, Inc.                                          
                              Fund, Inc.                                                                        

Paul Rogers (45)+             Vice President of      Senior Vice President of Zurich         --                 
                              Scudder International  Scudder Investments, Inc.                                  
                              Fund, Inc.                                                                        

*        Ms.  Coughlin and Mr.  Zaleznick  are  considered  by the Funds and its
         counsel to be "interested persons" of the Advisor or of the Corporation
as defined in the 1940 Act.                                   

**       Unless  otherwise   stated,   all  officers  and  directors  have  been
         associated  with their  respective  companies for more than five years,
but not necessarily in the same capacity.                     

+        Address:  Two International Place, Boston, Massachusetts 02110         

#        Address:  345 Park Avenue, New York, New York 10154                    

##       Address:  222 South Riverside Plaza, Chicago, Illinois 60606           

The Directors and officers of each Corporation also serve in similar  capacities
with respect to other Scudder Funds. The  newly-constituted  Board may determine
to change its compensation structure.                                           

Beneficial Ownership                                                            

As of November 30, 2001,  4,601,297  shares in the  aggregate,  or 10.13% of the
outstanding  shares of  Scudder  Global  Fund,  Class S were held in the name of
Charles Schwab, 101 Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94101 who may be deemed
to be the beneficial owner of certain of these shares.                          

As of  November  30,  2001,  30,648  shares  in the  aggregate,  or 5.63% of the
outstanding  shares of  Scudder  Global  Fund,  Class B were held in the name of
Donaldson,  Lufkin & Jenrette  Securities,  P.O. Box 2052, Jersey City, NJ 07303
who may be deemed to be the beneficial owner of certain of these shares.        

As of  November  30,  2001,  12,310  shares  in the  aggregate,  or 5.76% of the
outstanding  shares of  Scudder  Global  Fund,  Class C were held in the name of
Sterling Trust Company, custodian, for the benefit of Joseph and Jennifer Simon,
P.O. Box 2518,  Waco, TX 76702 who may be deemed to be the  beneficial  owner of
certain of these shares.                                                        

As of November 30, 2001,  11,202,365  shares in the aggregate,  or 14.80% of the
outstanding shares of Scudder  International Fund, Class S were held in the name
of Charles Schwab,  101 Montgomery  Street,  San Francisco,  CA 94101 who may be
deemed to be the beneficial owner of certain of these shares.                   

As of November  30,  2001,  875,333  shares in the  aggregate,  or 10.73% of the
outstanding shares of Scudder  International Fund, Class A were held in the name
of Bear Stearns & Company, 245 Park Avenue, New York, NY 10167 who may be deemed
to be the beneficial owner of certain of these shares.                          

53

P-->497154th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 154th
As of November  30,  2001,  120,019  shares in the  aggregate,  or 22.62% of the
outstanding shares of Scudder  International Fund, Class I were held in the name
of Scudder Trust Company,  for the benefit of Zurich Scudder  Investments,  Inc.
Supplemental  Profit  Sharing  Plan,  P.O. Box 957,  Salem,  NH 03079 who may be
deemed to be the beneficial owner of certain of these shares.                   

As of November  30,  2001,  398,028  shares in the  aggregate,  or 75.04% of the
outstanding shares of Scudder  International Fund, Class I were held in the name
of Zurich Scudder  Investments,  Inc. Profit Sharing Plan, 345 Park Avenue,  New
York, NY 10154 who may be deemed to be the beneficial  owner of certain of these
shares.                                                                         

As of  November  30,  2001,  41,111  shares  in the  aggregate,  or 5.31% of the
outstanding shares of Scudder  International Fund, Class C were held in the name
of National  Financial  Services Corp.,  for the benefit of George Thomas Wiley,
200 Liberty  Street,  New York, NY 10281 who may be deemed to be the  beneficial
owner of certain of these shares.                                               

As of  November  30,  2001,  56,157  shares  in the  aggregate,  or 7.26% of the
outstanding shares of Scudder  International Fund, Class C were held in the name
of Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette Securities, P.O. Box 2052, Jersey City, NJ 07303
who may be deemed to be the beneficial owner of certain of these shares.        

As of  November  30,  2001,  64,212  shares  in the  aggregate,  or 8.30% of the
outstanding shares of Scudder  International Fund, Class C were held in the name
of Merrill, Lynch, Pierce, Fenner and Smith, for the benefit of customers,  4800
Deer Lake Drive,  Jacksonville,  FL 32246 who may be deemed to be the beneficial
owner of certain of these shares.                                               

As of  November  30,  2001,  55,925  shares  in the  aggregate,  or 7.23% of the
outstanding shares of Scudder  International Fund, Class C were held in the name
of Banc One Securities Corp., for the benefit of The One Select Portfolio,  1111
Polaris Parkway, Columbus, OH 43240 who may be deemed to be the beneficial owner
of certain of these shares.                                                     

Responsibilities of the Board -- Board and Committee Meetings                   

The Board of  Directors  of each  Corporation  is  responsible  for the  general
oversight  of the Funds'  business.  A majority of the  Board's  members are not
affiliated  with  the  Advisor.  These  "Independent   Directors"  have  primary
responsibility  for assuring that a Fund is managed in the best interests of its
shareholders.                                                                   

Each  Board of  Directors  meets at least  quarterly  to review  the  investment
performance of the Funds and other operational  matters,  including policies and
procedures  designed to ensure compliance with various regulatory  requirements.
At least annually, the Independent Directors review the fees paid to the Advisor
and its affiliates for investment advisory services and other administrative and
shareholder  services.  In this regard,  they evaluate,  among other things, the
Fund's investment  performance,  the quality and efficiency of the various other
services  provided,  costs  incurred  by the  Advisor  and its  affiliates,  and
comparative  information  regarding fees and expenses of competitive funds. They
are assisted in this process by the Funds' independent public accountants and by
independent legal counsel selected by the Independent Directors.                

All  of  the  Independent  Directors  serve  on  the  Committee  on  Independent
Directors,  which  nominates  Independent  Directors and considers other related
matters,  and the Audit Committee,  which selects the Funds'  independent public
accountants  and  reviews  accounting   policies  and  controls.   In  addition,
Independent  Directors  from time to time have  established  and  served on task
forces and  subcommittees  focusing on  particular  matters such as  investment,
accounting and shareholder service issues.                                      

Compensation of Officers and Directors                                          

Each Independent Director receives  compensation for his or her services,  which
include an annual retainer and an attendance fee for each meeting attended.  The
Independent   Director  who  serves  as  Lead   Director   receives   additional
compensation for his or her services. No additional  compensation is paid to any
Independent  Director  for travel time to  meetings,  attendance  at  directors'
educational  seminars  or  conferences,   service  on  industry  or  association
committees,  participation  as speakers at directors'  conferences or service on
special  director  task forces or                                               

54

P-->497155th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 155th
subcommittees.  Independent  Directors do not receive any employee benefits such
as pension or  retirement  benefits  or health  insurance.  Notwithstanding  the
schedule  of fees,  the  Independent  Directors  have in the past and may in the
future waive a portion of their compensation.                                   

The  Independent  Directors  also  serve in the same  capacity  for other  funds
managed by the Advisor. These funds differ broadly in type and complexity and in
some cases have substantially  different  Director fee schedules.  The following
table shows the aggregate  compensation  received by each  Independent  Director
during 2000 from the Corporation and from all of the Scudder funds as a group.  

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

                                                             Global/International                       
            Name          Scudder International Fund, Inc.*       Fund, Inc.+       All Scudder Funds***
            ----          ---------------------------------       -----------       --------------------

                                                                                                        
Henry P. Becton, Jr.**                  $9,697                       $3,387         $159,094 (73 funds) 

Dawn-Marie Driscoll**                  $10,815                      $16,734         $157,162 (73 funds) 

Edgar R. Fiedler**                     $10,561                       $3,461        $303,975++ (74 funds)

Keith R. Fox                           $33,167                      $21,683         $181,914 (72 funds) 

Jean Gleason Stromberg**                $9,697                       $3,387         $100,372 (70 funds) 

Jean C. Tempel**                        $9,697                       $3,387         $152,488 (74 funds) 


*        Scudder  International  Fund,  Inc.  consists  of five  funds:  Scudder
         International   Fund,  Scudder  Latin  America  Fund,  Scudder  Pacific
         Opportunities  Fund,  Scudder  Greater  Europe  Growth Fund and Scudder
Emerging Markets Growth Fund.                                 

**       Newly  elected  Director.  On July 13, 2000,  shareholders  of the Fund
         elected a new Board of  Directors.  See the  "Directors  and  Officers"
section for the newly constituted Board.                      

***      Total  compensation  includes  certain  payments made by the Advisor as
         compensation  for meetings  held to discuss the  reorganization  of the
Scudder and Kemper Funds.                                     

+        Global/International  Fund, Inc. consists of four funds: Scudder Global
         Fund,  Scudder  Global Bond Fund,  Scudder  Global  Discovery  Fund and
Scudder Emerging Markets Income Fund                          

++       Mr. Fiedler's total compensation  includes $174,060.91 received through
         the deferred  compensation  program,  $2,003 accrued, but not received,
         and  certain  payments  made by the  Advisor  as  compensation  for the
         retainer fee for Farmers  Investment Trust and meetings held to discuss
the reorganization of the Scudder and Kemper Funds.           

Members of each Board who are employees of the Advisor or its affiliates receive
no direct  compensation from each Corporation,  although they are compensated as
employees of the Advisor,  or its  affiliates,  as a result of which they may be
deemed to participate in fees paid by each Fund.                                

FUND ORGANIZATION AND SHAREHOLDER RIGHTS

Scudder International Fund, Inc. was organized as Scudder Fund of Canada Ltd. in
Canada in 1953 by the investment  management  firm of Scudder,  Stevens & Clark,
Inc.  On March 16,  1964,  the name of the  Corporation  was  changed to Scudder
International  Investments Ltd. On July 31, 1975, the corporate  domicile of the
Corporation was changed to the U.S.  through the transfer of its net assets to a
newly formed Maryland corporation, Scudder International Fund, Inc., in exchange
for shares of the Corporation which then were distributed to the shareholders of
the Corporation.                                                                

The authorized  capital stock of Scudder  International  Fund, Inc.  consists of
2,247,923,888  shares of a par value of $.01 each,  which capital stock has been
divided into five  series:  Scudder  International  Fund,  the original  series;

55

P-->497156th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 156th
Scudder  Latin  America  Fund  and  Scudder  Pacific  Opportunities  Fund,  both
organized in December 1992,  Scudder  Greater  Europe Growth Fund,  organized in
October 1994, and Scudder Emerging  Markets Growth Fund,  organized in May 1996.
Each series consists of 320 million shares except for  International  Fund which
consists of 620,595,597  shares and Scudder Latin America Fund which consists of
340 million  shares.  Scudder  International  Fund is further divided into seven
classes of shares,  Class AARP, Class S, Barrett  International  Shares, Class A
(formerly  known  as Class R  shares),  Class B,  Class C, and  Class I  shares.
Scudder  Pacific  Opportunities  Fund,  Scudder  Greater  Europe Growth Fund and
Scudder  Emerging Markets Growth Fund are each further divided into five classes
of shares,  Class  AARP,  Class S, Class A, Class B and Class C.  Scudder  Latin
America Fund is further divided into six classes of shares, Class S, Class AARP,
Class A, Class B, Class C and Class M. The Directors have the authority to issue
additional series of shares and to designate the relative rights and preferences
as between the different  series.  All shares issued and  outstanding  are fully
paid and  non-assessable,  transferable,  and  redeemable  at net  asset  value,
subject to such charges as may be applicable,  at the option of the shareholder.
Shares have no  pre-emptive or conversion  rights.  To the extent that the Funds
offer  additional  share  classes,  these  classes will be offered in a separate
prospectus and have different fees, requirements and services.                  

Scudder Global Fund is a series of  Global/International  Fund, Inc., a Maryland
corporation organized on May 15, 1986. The name of this Corporation was changed,
effective  May 29,  1998,  from  Scudder  Global  Fund,  Inc.  This  Corporation
currently  consists of four series:  Scudder  Global Fund,  Scudder  Global Bond
Fund,  Scudder Global  Discovery Fund and Scudder  Emerging Markets Income Fund.
Each Fund is further divided into five classes of shares,  Class AARP,  Class S,
Class A, Class B and Class C shares.                                            

The authorized  capital stock of  Global/International  Fund,  Inc.  consists of
1,559,993,796  shares  with $0.01 par  value,  200  million  shares of which are
allocated to Scudder  Global  Discovery  Fund,  529,154,575  shares of which are
allocated  to Scudder  Global  Bond Fund,  and 320  million  shares of which are
allocated to each of,  Scudder  Emerging  Markets Income Fund and Scudder Global
Fund. The Directors have the authority to issue additional  series of shares and
to  designate  the  relative  rights and  preferences  as between the  different
series.  All shares issued and  outstanding  are fully paid and  non-assessable,
transferable  and redeemable at net asset value,  subject to such charges as may
be applicable,  at the option of the shareholder.  Shares have no pre-emptive or
conversion  rights. To the extent that the Funds offer additional share classes,
these classes will be offered in a separate  prospectus and have different fees,
requirements and services.                                                      

The  Directors of each  Corporation,  in their  discretion,  may  authorize  the
additional  division of shares of a series  into  different  classes  permitting
shares of different  classes to be  distributed by different  methods.  Although
shareholders of different classes of a series would have an interest in the same
portfolio  of assets,  shareholders  of  different  classes  may bear  different
expenses in connection with different methods of distribution.                  

Shares of each Corporation have non-cumulative  voting rights,  which means that
the holders of more than 50% of the shares  voting for the election of Directors
can elect 100% of the Directors if they choose to do so, and, in such event, the
holders of the remaining  less than 50% of the shares voting for the election of
Directors  will not be able to elect  any  person  or  persons  to the  Board of
Directors.  The assets of each Corporation received for the issue or sale of the
shares of each series and all income,  earnings,  profits and proceeds  thereof,
subject  only to the rights of  creditors,  are  specifically  allocated to such
series and  constitute  the  underlying  assets of such series.  The  underlying
assets of each series are  segregated  on the books of account,  and are charged
with the  liabilities  in respect to such series and with a share of the general
liabilities  of  each  Corporation.   If  a  series  were  unable  to  meet  its
obligations,  the  assets  of all  other  series  may in some  circumstances  be
available to creditors for that purpose,  in which case the assets of such other
series  could  be used to meet  liabilities  which  are not  otherwise  properly
chargeable  to them.  Expenses  with respect to any two or more series are to be
allocated in proportion to the asset value of the respective series except where
allocations  of direct  expenses can  otherwise be fairly made.  The officers of
each Corporation,  subject to the general supervision of the Directors, have the
power to determine which  liabilities are allocable to a given series,  or which
are general or allocable to two or more series.  In the event of the dissolution
or liquidation of either Corporation or any series, the holders of the shares of
any series are  entitled  to  receive as a class the  underlying  assets of such
shares available for distribution to shareholders.                              

Shares of each Corporation entitle their holders to one vote per share; however,
separate  votes are taken by each  series on  matters  affecting  an  individual
series and by class on matters  affecting an individual  class.  For example,  a
change  in  investment  policy  for  a  series  would  be  voted  upon  only  by
shareholders of the series  involved.  Additionally,  approval of the investment
advisory  agreement  is a matter to be  determined  separately  by each  series.

56

P-->497157th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 157th
Approval  by the  shareholders  of one  series is  effective  as to that  series
whether or not enough  votes are  received  from the  shareholders  of the other
series to approve such agreement as to the other series.                        

Pursuant  to the  approval  of a majority of  stockholders,  each  Corporation's
Directors  have the  discretion to retain the current  distribution  arrangement
while investing in a master fund in a master/feeder  fund structure if the Board
determines  that the  objectives  of a Fund would be achieved  more  efficiently
thereby.                                                                        

Each Corporation's  Board of Directors  supervises the Fund's  activities.  Each
Corporation  adopted  a plan  pursuant  to Rule  18f-3  under  the 1940 Act (the
"Plan") to permit the  Corporation  to establish a multiple  class  distribution
system for the Fund.                                                            

Under  each Plan,  each class of shares  will  represent  interests  in the same
portfolio of investments of the Series, and be identical in all respects to each
other class,  except as set forth below. The only differences  among the various
classes  of  shares  of  the  Series  will  relate   solely  to:  (a)  different
distribution fee payments or service fee payments associated with any Rule 12b-1
Plan  for a  particular  class  of  shares  and  any  other  costs  relating  to
implementing or amending such Rule 12b-1 Plan (including  obtaining  shareholder
approval of such Rule 12b-1 Plan or any amendment  thereto)  which will be borne
solely by shareholders of such class; (b) different  service fees; (c) different
account minimums; (d) the bearing by each class of its "Class Expenses"; (e) the
voting  rights  related  to any Rule 12b-1 Plan  affecting  a specific  class of
shares; (f) separate exchange privileges;  (g) different conversion features and
(h) different class names and  designations.  Expenses  currently  designated as
"Class  Expenses"  by each  Corporation's  Board of  Directors  under  each Plan
include, for example, transfer agency fees attributable to a specific class, and
certain securities registration fees.                                           

Each   Corporation's   Amended  and  Restated  Articles  of  Incorporation  (the
"Articles")  provide  that the  Directors  of the  Corporations,  to the fullest
extent permitted by Maryland General Corporation Law and the 1940 Act, shall not
be liable to the Corporations or their  shareholders  for damages.  Maryland law
currently  provides that Directors shall not be liable for actions taken by them
in good faith,  in a manner  reasonably  believed to be in the best interests of
the Corporations  and with the care that an ordinarily  prudent person in a like
position would use under similar  circumstances.  In so acting, a Director shall
be fully protected in relying in good faith upon the records of the Corporations
and upon reports made to the  Corporation  by persons  selected in good faith by
the Directors as qualified to make such reports. The Articles and the By-Laws of
each  Corporation  provide that each  Corporation  will indemnify its Directors,
officers,  employees or agents  against  liabilities  and  expenses  incurred in
connection  with  litigation  in which  they may be  involved  because  of their
offices with the Corporations consistent with applicable law.                   

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Internet Access                                                                 

World   Wide  Web  Site  --  The   address   of  the   Scudder   Funds  site  is
www.myScudder.com.  The address for Class AARP shares is aarp.scudder.com. These
sites offer guidance on global investing and developing  strategies to help meet
financial goals and provide access to the Scudder investor relations  department
via e-mail.  The sites also enable users to access or view fund prospectuses and
profiles with links between summary information in Fund Summaries and details in
the  Prospectus.  Users  can fill out new  account  forms  on-line,  order  free
software, and request literature on funds.                                      

Account  Access -- The Advisor is among the first mutual fund  families to allow
shareholders to manage their fund accounts  through the World Wide Web.  Scudder
Fund  shareholders  can view a snapshot  of  current  holdings,  review  account
activity and move assets between Scudder Fund accounts.                         

The  Advisor's  personal  portfolio  capabilities  --  known  as  SEAS  (Scudder
Electronic  Account  Services) -- are  accessible  only by current  Scudder Fund
shareholders  who have set up a Personal  Page on  Scudder's  Web site.  Using a
secure Web  browser,  shareholders  sign on to their  account  with their Social
Security  number and their SAIL  password.  As an additional  security  measure,
users can change their  current  password or disable  access to their  portfolio
through the World Wide Web.                                                     

57

P-->497158th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 158th
An Account  Activity option reveals a financial  history of transactions  for an
account,  with trade  dates,  type and amount of  transaction,  share  price and
number of shares  traded.  For users who wish to trade  shares  between  Scudder
Funds,  the Fund Exchange option  provides a step-by-step  procedure to exchange
shares among existing fund accounts or to new Scudder Fund accounts.            

Many of the investment  changes in a Fund will be made at prices  different from
those  prevailing  at the time  they may be  reflected  in a  regular  report to
shareholders of a Fund. These  transactions  will reflect  investment  decisions
made by the  Advisor  in the  light  of its  other  portfolio  holdings  and tax
considerations and should not be construed as recommendations for similar action
by other investors.                                                             

The CUSIP number of Global Fund Class S is 378947-20-4.                         

The CUSIP number of Global Fund Class AARP is 378947-87-3.                      

The CUSIP number of International Fund Class S shares is 811165-10-9.           

The CUSIP number of International Fund Class AARP shares is 811165-82-8.        

Global Fund has a fiscal year end of August 31. On July 7, 1999,  the  Directors
of the Fund changed the fiscal year end of the Fund from June 30 to August 31.  

International  Fund has a fiscal  year end of August  31. On June 7,  1999,  the
Directors  of the Fund  changed the fiscal year end of the Fund from March 31 to
August 31.                                                                      

This   Statement  of  Additional   Information   contains  the   information  of
International Fund and Global Fund. Each Fund, through its combined  prospectus,
offers only its own share classes, yet it is possible that one Fund might become
liable for a  misstatement  regarding the other Fund.  The Trustees of each Fund
have considered  this, and have approved the use of this Statement of Additional
Information.                                                                    

The  prospectuses  and this  Statement of  Additional  Information  omit certain
information  contained in the  Registration  Statement  which the Fund has filed
with the  Commission  under the 1933 Act and  reference  is  hereby  made to the
Registration  Statement for further information with respect to the Fund and the
securities  offered hereby.  This Registration  Statement and its amendments are
available for inspection by the public at the Commission in Washington, D.C.    

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The  financial  statements,  including  the  investment  portfolio of the Funds,
together with the Report of Independent  Accountants,  Financial  Highlights and
notes to  financial  statements  in the  Annual  Report to the  Shareholders  of
Scudder  International  Fund and Scudder  Global Fund dated August 31, 2001, are
each incorporated herein by reference and are hereby deemed to be a part of this
Statement of Additional Information by reference in its entirety.               

58

P-->497159th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 159th
APPENDIX

The  following  is a  description  of the  ratings  given by Moody's  and S&P to
corporate bonds.                                                                

Ratings of Corporate Bonds                                                      

S&P:  Debt rated AAA has the highest  rating  assigned  by S&P.  Capacity to pay
interest  and repay  principal  is  extremely  strong.  Debt rated AA has a very
strong capacity to pay interest and repay principal and differs from the highest
rated  issues only in small  degree.  Debt rated A has a strong  capacity to pay
interest and repay  principal  although it is somewhat more  susceptible  to the
adverse effects of changes in circumstances and economic conditions than debt in
higher  rated  categories.  Debt  rated BBB is  regarded  as having an  adequate
capacity to pay  interest  and repay  principal.  Whereas it  normally  exhibits
adequate  protection   parameters,   adverse  economic  conditions  or  changing
circumstances are more likely to lead to a weakened capacity to pay interest and
repay principal for debt in this category than in higher rated categories.      

Debt rated BB, B, CCC, CC and C is regarded as having predominantly  speculative
characteristics with respect to capacity to pay interest and repay principal. BB
indicates  the least degree of  speculation  and C the highest.  While such debt
will  likely  have  some  quality  and  protective  characteristics,  these  are
outweighed by large uncertainties or major exposures to adverse conditions.     

Debt rated BB has less near-term vulnerability to default than other speculative
issues.  However,  it faces major ongoing  uncertainties  or exposure to adverse
business,  financial,  or economic  conditions  which  could lead to  inadequate
capacity to meet timely interest and principal payments.  The BB rating category
is also used for debt  subordinated to senior debt that is assigned an actual or
implied BBB-  rating.  Debt rated B has a greater  vulnerability  to default but
currently has the capacity to meet interest  payments and principal  repayments.
Adverse business,  financial, or economic conditions will likely impair capacity
or willingness  to pay interest and repay  principal.  The B rating  category is
also used for debt  subordinated  to senior  debt that is  assigned an actual or
implied BB or BB- rating.                                                       

Debt rated CCC has a currently  identifiable  vulnerability  to default,  and is
dependent upon favorable  business,  financial,  and economic conditions to meet
timely  payment of interest and repayment of principal.  In the event of adverse
business,  financial,  or  economic  conditions,  it is not  likely  to have the
capacity to pay interest and repay  principal.  The CCC rating  category is also
used for debt  subordinated to senior debt that is assigned an actual or implied
B or B- rating.  The rating CC  typically  is  applied to debt  subordinated  to
senior  debt that is  assigned  an actual or implied  CCC  rating.  The rating C
typically  is applied to debt  subordinated  to senior debt which is assigned an
actual  or  implied  CCC-  debt  rating.  The C  rating  may be used to  cover a
situation where a bankruptcy  petition has been filed, but debt service payments
are  continued.  The rating C1 is reserved for income bonds on which no interest
is being paid. Debt rated D is in payment default. The D rating category is used
when interest  payments or principal  payments are not made on the date due even
if the  applicable  grace period had not expired,  unless S&P believes that such
payments will be made during such grace  period.  The D rating also will be used
upon  the  filing  of  a  bankruptcy  petition  if  debt  service  payments  are
jeopardized.                                                                    

Moody's:  Bonds which are rated Aaa are judged to be of the best  quality.  They
carry the smallest  degree of investment  risk and are generally  referred to as
"gilt edge." Interest  payments are protected by a large or by an  exceptionally
stable margin and principal is secure. While the various protective elements are
likely to change,  such changes as can be visualized are most unlikely to impair
the fundamentally  strong position of such issues.  Bonds which are rated Aa are
judged to be of high quality by all standards.  Together with the Aaa group they
comprise what are generally known as high grade bonds. They are rated lower than
the best  bonds  because  margins  of  protection  may not be as large as in Aaa
securities or fluctuation of protective  elements may be of greater amplitude or
there  may be other  elements  present  which  make the long term  risks  appear
somewhat  larger than in Aaa  securities.  Bonds which are rated A possess  many
favorable  investment  attributes and are to be considered as upper medium grade
obligations.  Factors  giving  security to principal and interest are considered
adequate  but  elements  may  be  present  which  suggest  a  susceptibility  to
impairment sometime in the future.                                              

59

P-->497160th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 160th
Bonds which are rated Baa are considered as medium grade obligations, i.e., they
are neither highly protected nor poorly secured. Interest payments and principal
security appear adequate for the present but certain protective  elements may be
lacking or may be  characteristically  unreliable over any great length of time.
Such  bonds  lack  outstanding  investment  characteristics  and  in  fact  have
speculative characteristics as well. Bonds which are rated Ba are judged to have
speculative elements;  their future cannot be considered as well assured.  Often
the  protection  of interest and  principal  payments  may be very  moderate and
thereby  not well  safeguarded  during  both good and bad times over the future.
Uncertainty of position characterizes bonds in this class. Bonds which are rated
B generally  lack  characteristics  of the  desirable  investment.  Assurance of
interest and principal payments or of maintenance of other terms of the contract
over any long period of time may be small.                                      

Bonds which are rated Caa are of poor standing. Such issues may be in default or
there may be present  elements of danger with  respect to principal or interest.
Bonds which are rated Ca represent  obligations  which are speculative in a high
degree.  Such  issues are often in default  or have other  marked  shortcomings.
Bonds which are rated C are the lowest  rated class of bonds and issues so rated
can be regarded as having  extremely  poor  prospects of ever attaining any real
investment standing.                                                            

60

P-->497161st Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 161st
 STATEMENT OF ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
January 1, 2002

 SCUDDER INTERNATIONAL FUND (Class A, B, C and Class I Shares)
A series of Scudder International 
Fund, Inc.

 SCUDDER GLOBAL FUND (Class A, B and C Shares)
 A series of Global/International Fund, Inc.

This combined Statement of Additional Information is not a prospectus and should
be read in conjunction with the prospectuses for Scudder Global Fund and Scudder
International  Fund dated  January 1, 2002, as amended from time to time, a copy
of which may be  obtained  without  charge by writing  to Scudder  Distributors,
Inc., 222 South Riverside Plaza, Chicago, Illinois 60606.                       

The  Annual  Report to  Shareholders  for each Fund dated  August  31,  2001 are
incorporated  by  reference  and hereby  deemed to be part of this  Statement of
Additional  Information.  The Annual  Reports may be obtained  without charge by
calling (800) 621-1048.                                                         

P-->497162nd Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 162nd
 TABLE OF CONTENTS
INVESTMENT RESTRICTIONS........................................................1
INVESTMENT POLICIES AND TECHNIQUES.............................................2
MANAGEMENT OF THE FUND........................................................23
 Investment Advisor...................................................23
         Brokerage Commissions................................................27
         Administrative Agreement.............................................28
         Underwriter..........................................................29
FUND SERVICE PROVIDERS........................................................31
 Custodian, Transfer Agent and Shareholder Service Agent..............31
         Auditors.............................................................31
         Legal Counsel........................................................31
         Fund Accounting Agent................................................31
PERFORMANCE...................................................................31
PURCHASE AND REDEMPTION OF SHARES.............................................34
DIVIDENDS,  CAPITAL GAINS AND TAXES...........................................47
NET ASSET VALUE...............................................................52
OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS........................................................53
FUND ORGANIZATION AND SHAREHOLDER RIGHTS......................................57
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS..........................................................60
APPENDIX......................................................................61

P-->497163rd Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 163rd
 INVESTMENT RESTRICTIONS

Scudder Global Fund and Scudder  International Fund (each a "Fund," collectively
the "Funds") have each adopted certain fundamental investment restrictions which
cannot be changed  without  approval  of a  "majority"  of a fund's  outstanding
voting shares. As defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the
"1940 Act"),  this means the lesser of (1) 67% of a Fund's  Shares  present at a
meeting where more than 50% of the  outstanding  shares are present in person or
by proxy; or (2) more than 50% of each Fund's outstanding shares.               

Any  investment  restrictions  herein  which  involve  a maximum  percentage  of
securities  or assets shall not be  considered  to be violated  unless an excess
over the percentage occurs  immediately after and is caused by an acquisition or
encumbrance of securities or assets of, or borrowings by, each Fund.            

Each Fund has elected to be classified  as a  diversified  series of an open-end
management investment company.                                                  

Each Fund may not, as a fundamental policy:                                     

1.       borrow  money,   except  as  permitted  under  the  1940  Act,  and  as
         interpreted or modified by regulatory  authority  having  jurisdiction,
from time to time;                                            

2.       issue senior securities, except as permitted under the 1940 Act, and as
         interpreted or modified by regulatory  authority  having  jurisdiction,
from time to time;                                            

3.       concentrate its investments in a particular  industry,  as that term is
         used in the 1940 Act,  and as  interpreted  or modified  by  regulatory
authority having jurisdiction, from time to time;             

4.       engage in the  business of  underwriting  securities  issued by others,
         except to the extent  that the Fund may be deemed to be an  underwriter
in connection with the disposition of portfolio securities;   

5.       purchase or sell real estate, which term does not include securities of
         companies which deal in real estate or mortgages or investments secured
         by real estate or  interests  therein,  except  that the Fund  reserves
         freedom of action to hold and to sell real estate  acquired as a result
of the Fund's ownership of securities;                        

6.       purchase  physical   commodities  or  contracts  relating  to  physical
commodities; or                                               

7.       make loans to other  persons,  except as permitted  under the 1940 Act,
         and  as  interpreted  or  modified  by  regulatory   authority   having
jurisdiction, from time to time.                              

With respect to fundamental  policy number five above, the Funds have no current
intention  to hold  and  sell  real  estate  acquired  as a  result  of a Fund's
ownership of securities.                                                        

The Directors of each Corporation have voluntarily  adopted certain policies and
restrictions  which are  observed  in the  conduct  of a Fund's  affairs.  These
represent  intentions of the Directors  based upon current  circumstances.  They
differ  from  fundamental  investment  policies  in that they may be  changed or
amended by action of the Directors without requiring prior notice to or approval
of shareholders.                                                                

As a matter of nonfundamental policy, each Fund currently does not intend to:   

1.       borrow money in an amount  greater than 5% of its total assets,  except
         (i) for temporary or emergency purposes and (ii) by engaging in reverse
         repurchase   agreements,   dollar  rolls,   or  other   investments  or
         transactions  described in the Fund's registration  statement which may
be deemed to be borrowings;                                   

2.       enter into either of reverse  repurchase  agreements or dollar rolls in
an amount greater than 5% of its total assets;                

3.       purchase  securities  on margin or make short  sales,  except (i) short
         sales against the box, (ii) in connection with arbitrage  transactions,
         (iii) for margin deposits in connection with futures contracts, options
         or other  permitted  investments,  (iv) that  transactions  in  futures
         contracts  and  options  shall  not be  deemed  to  constitute  selling

P-->497164th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 164th
         securities  short,  and (v) that the Fund may  obtain  such  short-term
         credits  as  may  be  necessary   for  the   clearance  of   securities
transactions;                                                 

4.       purchase  options,  unless  the  aggregate  premiums  paid on all  such
         options  held by the Fund at any time do not  exceed  20% of its  total
         assets; or sell put options, if as a result, the aggregate value of the
         obligations  underlying  such put options would exceed 50% of its total
assets;                                                       

5.       enter  into  futures  contracts  or  purchase  options  thereon  unless
         immediately  after the  purchase,  the value of the  aggregate  initial
         margin with respect to such futures contracts entered into on behalf of
         the Fund and the premiums  paid for such  options on futures  contracts
         does not exceed 5% of the fair market value of the Fund's total assets;
         provided that in the case of an option that is in-the-money at the time
         of purchase,  the in-the-money  amount may be excluded in computing the
5% limit;                                                     

6.       purchase warrants if as a result,  such securities,  taken at the lower
         of cost or market value,  would  represent more than 5% of the value of
         the Fund's total assets (for this purpose,  warrants  acquired in units
 or attached to securities will be deemed to have no value); and

7.       lend  portfolio  securities  in an amount  greater than 5% of its total
assets.                                                       

The  foregoing  nonfundamental  policies  are in addition to policies  otherwise
stated in the Prospectus or in this Statement of Additional Information.        

INVESTMENT POLICIES AND TECHNIQUES

Each Fund is an open-end management investment company which continuously offers
and  redeems  shares at net  asset  value.  Each  Fund is a company  of the type
commonly known as a mutual fund.  Scudder Global Fund is a diversified series of
Global/International  Fund,  Inc.  Scudder  International  Fund is a diversified
series of Scudder  International Fund, Inc. (each a "Corporation,"  collectively
the  "Corporations").  Scudder Global Fund offers five classes of shares,  Class
AARP, Class S, Class A, Class B and Class C shares.  Scudder  International Fund
offers  seven  classes of shares:  Class AARP,  Class S,  Barrett  International
Shares,  Class A, Class B,  Class C, and Class I shares.  Each class has its own
important  features and policies.  Only Class A, Class B, Class C and Class I of
International  Fund are  offered  herein.  Shares of Class  AARP are  especially
designed for members of AARP.                                                   

Except as otherwise indicated, each Fund's investment objective and policies are
not fundamental and may be changed without a vote of shareholders. If there is a
change in investment  objective,  shareholders  should consider whether the Fund
remains  an  appropriate  investment  in light of their then  current  financial
position and needs.  There can be no assurance  that a Fund's  objective will be
met.                                                                            

Descriptions  in  this  Statement  of  Additional  Information  of a  particular
investment  practice or  technique  in which the Funds may engage (such as short
selling,  hedging,  etc.)  or a  financial  instrument  in which  each  Fund may
purchase (such as options,  forward foreign currency contracts,  etc.) are meant
to describe the spectrum of  investments  that the Advisor,  in its  discretion,
might, but is not required to, use in managing that Fund's portfolio assets. The
Advisor may, in its discretion,  at any time employ such practice,  technique or
instrument  for  one or  more  funds  but  not  for  all  funds  advised  by it.
Furthermore,  it is possible  that  certain  types of financial  instruments  or
investment  techniques  described  herein  may  not be  available,  permissible,
economically  feasible or effective for their intended  purposes in all markets.
Certain practices, techniques, or instruments may not be principal activities of
a Fund but,  to the  extent  employed,  could  from time to time have a material
impact on that Fund's performance.                                              

Changes  in  portfolio   securities   are  made  on  the  basis  of   investment
considerations  and it is against the policy of  management  to make changes for
trading purposes.                                                               

Scudder Global Fund                                                             

The Fund seeks long-term  growth while actively  seeking to reduce downside risk
as  compared  with  other  global  growth  funds.  The Fund  will not  invest in
securities issued by tobacco-producing  companies.  Although the Fund can invest
in companies of any size, it generally  focuses on established  companies  whose
stocks are listed on a recognized  exchange.  While most of the Fund's  equities
are common  stocks,  some may be other types of  equities,  such as  convertible
stocks,                                                                         

 2

P-->497165th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 165th
preferred stocks and depository receipts. The Fund may also buy investment grade
debt securities when it believes they may perform at least as well as equities. 

The  management of the Fund believes that there is substantial  opportunity  for
long-term  capital growth from a professionally  managed portfolio of securities
selected  from  the  U.S.  and  foreign  equity  markets.  Through  this  global
investment  framework,  management  seeks to take  advantage  of the  investment
opportunities  created  by the  global  economy.  The  world has  become  highly
integrated in economic,  industrial and financial terms.  Companies increasingly
operate  globally  as they  purchase  raw  materials,  produce  and  sell  their
products, and raise capital. As a result, international trends such as movements
in currency  and trading  relationships  are  becoming  more  important  to many
industries than purely domestic influences.  To understand a company's business,
it is  frequently  more  important to  understand  how it is linked to the world
economy than whether or not it is, for example, a U.S., French or Swiss company.
Just as a company takes a global  perspective in deciding  where to operate,  so
too may an investor  benefit from looking  globally in deciding which industries
are growing,  which  producers  are efficient  and which  companies'  shares are
undervalued.  The Fund  affords the investor  access to potential  opportunities
wherever they arise,  without being  constrained  by the location of a company's
headquarters or the trading market for its shares.                              

The Fund invests in companies that the Advisor believes will benefit from global
economic  trends,  promising  technologies  or  products  and  specific  country
opportunities  resulting  from  changing  geopolitical,  currency,  or  economic
considerations.  It is expected that  investments  will be spread broadly around
the world. The Fund will be invested usually in securities of issuers located in
at least three countries,  one of which may be the U.S. The Fund may be invested
100% in non-U.S.  issues,  and for temporary  defensive purposes may be invested
100% in U.S.  issues,  although under normal  circumstances  it is expected that
both foreign and U.S.  investments will be represented in the Fund's  portfolio.
It is expected  that  investments  will include  companies  of varying  sizes as
measured by assets,  sales,  or  capitalization.  The Fund generally  invests in
equity securities of established  companies listed on U.S. or foreign securities
exchanges,  but also may invest in securities traded  over-the-counter.  It also
may invest in debt securities convertible into common stock, and convertible and
non-convertible  preferred stock,  and  fixed-income  securities of governments,
governmental  agencies,  supranational  agencies and companies  when the Advisor
believes the potential for appreciation will equal or exceed that available from
investments in equity securities. In addition, for temporary defensive purposes,
the Fund may vary from its investment  policies  during periods when the Advisor
determines that it is advisable to do so because of conditions in the securities
markets or other economic or political conditions. During such periods, the Fund
may hold without limit cash and cash equivalents. It is impossible to accurately
predict for how long such alternative  strategies may be utilized.  The Fund may
not invest more than 5% of its total  assets in debt  securities  that are rated
Baa or below by Moody's Investors Service,  Inc.  ("Moody's") or BBB or below by
Standard and Poor's Ratings Services,  a division of The McGraw-Hill  Companies,
Inc.  ("S&P"),  or deemed by the Advisor to be of comparable  quality  (commonly
referred  to as "high  yield" or "junk"  bonds).  More  information  about these
investment techniques is provided under "Investments and Investment Techniques."

The managers use  analytical  tools to monitor  actively the risk profile of the
portfolio as compared to comparable  funds and  appropriate  benchmarks and peer
groups.  The managers use several strategies in seeking to reduce downside risk,
including: (i) diversifying broadly among companies,  industries,  countries and
regions; (ii) focusing on high-quality companies with reasonable valuations; and
(iii) generally  focusing on countries with developed  economies.  The portfolio
managers'  attempts to manage  downside  risk may also reduce  performance  in a
strong market.                                                                  

The Fund is intended to provide  individual and institutional  investors with an
opportunity  to  invest  a  portion  of  their  assets  in a  globally  oriented
portfolio,  and is  designed  for  long-term  investors  who can  accept  global
investment  risk.  The Advisor  believes  that  allocation of assets on a global
basis  decreases  the degree to which events in any one country,  including  the
U.S., will affect an investor's entire investment holdings.  In the period since
World War II, many leading  foreign  economies  have grown more rapidly than the
U.S. economy, thus providing investment opportunities;  although there can be no
assurance  that  this  will  be  true  in the  future.  As  with  any  long-term
investment, the value of the Fund's shares when sold may be higher or lower than
when purchased.                                                                 

Investors should recognize that investing in foreign securities involves certain
special considerations, including those set forth below, which are not typically
associated  with  investing  in U.S.  securities  and  which  may  favorably  or
unfavorably  affect  the  Fund's  performance.  As  foreign  companies  are  not
generally subject to uniform standards, practices and requirements, with respect
to  accounting,  auditing and financial  reporting,  as are domestic  companies,
there may be less publicly  available  information  about a foreign company than
about a domestic  company.  Many foreign  securities  markets,  while growing in
volume of trading activity, have substantially less volume than the U.S. market,
and  securities  of some foreign  issuers are less liquid and more volatile than
securities of domestic issuers.  Similarly, volume and liquidity in most foreign
bond markets is less than in the U.S. and, at times,  volatility of price can be
greater than in the                                                             

3 

P-->497166th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 166th
U.S. Further, foreign markets have different clearance and settlement procedures
and in certain markets there have been times when  settlements  have been unable
to keep pace with the volume of securities  transactions  making it difficult to
conduct  such  transactions.  Delays in  settlement  could  result in  temporary
periods when assets of the Fund are uninvested and no return is earned  thereon.
The inability of the Fund to make intended security  purchases due to settlement
problems  could  cause  the Fund to miss  attractive  investment  opportunities.
Inability to dispose of portfolio  securities due to settlement  problems either
could  result in losses to the Fund due to  subsequent  declines in value of the
portfolio  security  or, if the Fund has  entered  into a  contract  to sell the
security, could result in possible liability to the purchaser. Fixed commissions
on some foreign  securities  exchanges  and bid to asked spreads in foreign bond
markets are generally higher than negotiated  commissions on U.S.  exchanges and
bid to asked spreads in the U.S. bond market, although the Fund will endeavor to
achieve the most favorable net results on their portfolio transactions. Further,
the Fund may encounter  difficulties  or be unable to pursue legal  remedies and
obtain  judgments  in  foreign  courts.  There is  generally  less  governmental
supervision  and  regulation  of business  and  industry  practices,  securities
exchanges,  brokers  and  listed  companies  than  in the  U.S.  It may be  more
difficult  for the Fund's  agents to keep  currently  informed  about  corporate
actions such as stock  dividends or other matters which may affect the prices of
portfolio securities.  Communications between the U.S. and foreign countries may
be less  reliable  than  within the U.S.,  thus  increasing  the risk of delayed
settlements  of portfolio  transactions  or loss of  certificates  for portfolio
securities.  Payment for securities  without delivery may be required in certain
foreign markets. In addition,  with respect to certain foreign countries,  there
is the  possibility of  expropriation  or  confiscatory  taxation,  political or
social  instability,   or  diplomatic   developments  which  could  affect  U.S.
investments  in those  countries.  Investments  in foreign  securities  may also
entail  certain  risks,  such  as  possible   currency   blockages  or  transfer
restrictions,  and the  difficulty  of  enforcing  rights  in  other  countries.
Moreover,  individual foreign economies may differ favorably or unfavorably from
the U.S. economy in such respects as growth of gross national  product,  rate of
inflation,  capital  reinvestment,  resource  self-sufficiency  and  balance  of
payments  position.  The  management  of the Fund  seeks to  mitigate  the risks
associated with the foregoing  considerations  through  continuous  professional
management.                                                                     

These  considerations  generally are more of a concern in developing  countries.
For  example,  the  possibility  of  revolution  and the  dependence  on foreign
economic  assistance  may be  greater  in  these  countries  than  in  developed
countries.  Investments  in companies  domiciled in developing  countries may be
subject to potentially greater risks than investments in developed countries.   

Investments  in foreign  securities  usually will involve  currencies of foreign
countries.  Because  of the  considerations  discussed  above,  the value of the
assets of the Fund as measured in U.S.  dollars  may be  affected  favorably  or
unfavorably by changes in foreign  currency  exchange rates and exchange control
regulations, and the Fund may incur costs in connection with conversions between
various  currencies.  Although the Fund values its assets daily in terms of U.S.
dollars,  it does not intend to convert its holdings of foreign  currencies into
U.S.  dollars on a daily basis.  It will do so from time to time,  and investors
should be aware of the costs of currency  conversion.  Although foreign exchange
dealers do not charge a fee for  conversion,  they do realize a profit  based on
the difference  (the  "spread")  between the prices at which they are buying and
selling various currencies.  Thus, a dealer may offer to sell a foreign currency
to the Fund at one rate,  while  offering a lesser rate of  exchange  should the
Fund desire to resell that  currency to the dealer.  The Fund will conduct their
foreign currency exchange  transactions  either on a spot (i.e.,  cash) basis at
the spot rate prevailing in the foreign  currency  exchange  market,  or through
entering  into  strategic  transactions  involving  currencies  (see  "Strategic
Transactions and Derivatives").                                                 

Because the Fund may be invested in both U.S.  and foreign  securities  markets,
changes in the Fund's share price may have a low  correlation  with movements in
the U.S. markets.  The Fund's share price will reflect the movements of both the
different  stock and bond markets in which it is invested and of the  currencies
in which the investments are  denominated;  the strength or weakness of the U.S.
dollar against foreign  currencies may account for part of the Fund's investment
performance.  Foreign  securities  such as  those  purchased  by the Fund may be
subject to  foreign  governmental  taxes  which  could  reduce the yield on such
securities,  although  a  shareholder  of  the  Fund  may,  subject  to  certain
limitations,  be entitled to claim a credit or deduction for U.S. federal income
tax purposes for his or her  proportionate  share of such foreign  taxes paid by
the Fund.  U.S. and foreign  securities  markets do not always move in step with
each other, and the total returns from different markets may vary significantly.
The Fund invests in many  securities  markets  around the world in an attempt to
take advantage of opportunities wherever they may arise.                        

Because  of  the  Fund's  investment  considerations  discussed  above  and  the
investment policies, investment in shares of the Fund is not intended to provide
a complete investment program for an investor.                                  

4 

P-->497167th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 167th
The Fund cannot  guarantee a gain or eliminate  the risk of loss.  The net asset
value of the Fund's  shares will increase or decrease with changes in the market
price of the  Fund's  investments,  and there is no  assurance  that the  Fund's
objectives will be achieved.                                                    

Scudder International Fund                                                      

The Fund seeks  long-term  growth of capital  by  investing  at least 65% of its
total assets in foreign equities (equities issued by foreign-based companies and
listed on foreign exchanges).  These securities are selected primarily to permit
the Fund to participate in non-U.S. companies and economies that are believed to
have prospects for growth.                                                      

The Fund invests in companies,  wherever organized,  which do business primarily
outside the United States.                                                      

The Fund generally invests in equity securities of established companies, listed
on foreign  exchanges  (although the Fund may also invest in  securities  traded
over the counter),  which the Advisor  believes have favorable  characteristics.
The  Fund's  equity   investments   include   common  stock,   convertible   and
non-convertible  preferred stock, sponsored and unsponsored depository receipts,
and warrants.                                                                   

When the Advisor  believes that it is  appropriate  to do so in order to achieve
the Fund's investment objective of long-term capital growth, the Fund may invest
up to 20% of its total assets in debt securities.  Such debt securities  include
debt   securities   of   governments,   governmental   agencies,   supranational
organizations  and private issuers,  including bonds denominated in the European
Currency Unit (the "Euro").  Portfolio debt  investments will be selected on the
basis of,  among  other  things,  yield,  credit  quality,  and the  fundamental
outlooks for currency and interest rate trends in different  parts of the globe,
taking  into  account  the  ability to hedge a degree of  currency or local bond
price risk. The value of fixed-income investments will fluctuate with changes in
interest  rates and bond market  conditions,  tending to rise as interest  rates
decline and decline as interest rates rise. The Fund will predominantly purchase
"investment-grade"  bonds,  which are those  rated Aaa,  Aa, A or Baa by Moody's
Investors  Service,  Inc.  or AAA,  AA, A or BBB by  Standard  & Poor's  Ratings
Services, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies,  Inc., or, if unrated, judged
by the Advisor to be of equivalent quality. The Fund may also invest up to 5% of
its total assets in debt securities which are rated below  investment-grade (see
"Risk factors").                                                                

The Fund intends to diversify  investments  among several countries and normally
to have  investments in securities of at least three  different  countries other
than the U.S. The Fund will invest  primarily in securities of issuers in the 21
developed foreign countries included in the Morgan Stanley Capital International
("MSCI") Europe,  Australia,  Far East ("EAFE") and Canada Index, but may invest
in "emerging  markets."  The Fund  considers  "emerging  markets" to include any
country  that is  defined as an  emerging  or  developing  economy by any of the
International Bank of Reconstruction and Development (i.e., the World Bank), the
International  Finance Corporation or the United Nations or its authorities.  It
is expected that the Fund's  investments will include  companies of varying size
as measured by assets, sales or market capitalization.                          

The  major  portion  of the  Fund's  assets  consists  of equity  securities  of
established companies listed on recognized  exchanges;  the Advisor expects this
condition to  continue,  although  the Fund may invest in other  securities.  In
selecting   securities  for  the  Fund's   portfolio,   the  Advisor  applies  a
disciplined,  multi-part  investment approach for selecting stocks for the Fund.
In analyzing  companies for investment,  the Advisor ordinarily looks for one or
more  of  the  following   characteristics:   strong  competitive   positioning,
above-average  earnings  growth  per share,  high  return on  invested  capital,
healthy balance sheets and overall  financial  strength,  strength of management
and general operating characteristics which will enable the companies to compete
successfully  in the  marketplace.  The Advisor  will further seek to have broad
country  representation,  favoring  those  countries that it believes have sound
economic   conditions  and  open  markets.   The  Advisor  will  also  look  for
opportunities  on a macro-economic  level,  seeking to identify major changes in
the business  environment  and  companies  that are poised to benefit from these
changes.  Investment  decisions are made without regard to arbitrary criteria as
to minimum  asset  size,  debt-equity  ratios or dividend  history of  portfolio
companies.  The Advisor will typically sell an investment when certain  criteria
are met,  including  but not limited to: the price of the  security  reaches the
Advisor's  assessment  of its fair value;  the  underlying  investment  theme is
judged by the Advisor to have matured;  or if the original  reason for investing
in the security no longer applies or is no longer valid.                        

In applying the disciplined, multi-part investment approach for selecting stocks
for the Fund,  the Advisor  first  analyzes the pool of foreign  dividend-paying
securities, primarily from the world's more mature markets, and targeting stocks
that have high relative yields compared to the average for their markets. In the
Advisor's opinion, this group of higher-yielding stocks offers the potential for
returns that is greater than or equal to the average market  return,  with price
volatility  that is lower  than  the  overall  market  volatility.  The  Advisor
believes that these potentially favorable risk and                              

5 

P-->497168th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 168th
return  characteristics  exist  because  the higher  dividends  offered by these
stocks act as a "cushion"  when markets are volatile and because the stocks with
higher   yields  tend  to  have  more   attractive   valuations   (e.g.,   lower
price-to-earning  ratios and lower  price-to-book  ratios).  The second stage of
portfolio  construction  involves  a  fundamental  analysis  of  each  company's
financial strength, profitability,  projected earnings, competitive positioning,
and  ability of  management.  During  this step,  the  Advisor's  research  team
identifies  what it  believes  are the  most  promising  stocks  for the  Fund's
portfolio.  The third stage of the investment process involves  diversifying the
portfolio among  different  industry  sectors.  The key element of this stage is
evaluating how the stocks in different sectors react to economic factors such as
interest rates,  inflation,  Gross Domestic Product, and consumer spending,  and
then  attaining  a  proper  balance  of  stocks  in these  sectors  based on the
Advisor's economic forecast.  The fourth and final stage of this ongoing process
is diversifying the portfolio among different  countries.  The Advisor will seek
to have broad country representation,  favoring those countries that it believes
have sound  economic  conditions  and open  markets.  The Fund's  strategy is to
manage risk and create  opportunity at each of the four stages in its investment
process, starting with the focus on stocks with high relative yields.           

The Fund may hold up to 20% of its net assets in U.S.  and foreign  fixed income
securities  for  temporary  defensive  purposes  when the Advisor  believes that
market  conditions  so warrant.  The Fund may invest up to 20% of its net assets
under normal conditions,  and without limit for temporary defensive purposes, in
cash  or  cash   equivalents   including   domestic  and  foreign  money  market
instruments,  short-term  government  and corporate  obligations  and repurchase
agreements,  when  the  Advisor  deems  such a  position  advisable  in light of
economic or market conditions.  It is impossible to predict how long alternative
strategies  may be  utilized.  In  addition,  the Fund  may  engage  in  reverse
repurchase agreements, illiquid securities and strategic transactions, which may
include derivatives.                                                            

Foreign securities such as those purchased by the Fund may be subject to foreign
governmental  taxes which could reduce the yield on such securities,  although a
shareholder  of the Fund may,  subject to certain  limitations,  be  entitled to
claim a credit or deduction for U.S.  federal income tax purposes for his or her
proportionate share of such foreign taxes paid by the Fund.                     

From time to time,  the Fund may be a purchaser of illiquid  securities  such as
restricted  debt or  equity  securities  (i.e.,  securities  which  may  require
registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,  (the "1933 Act"), or
an exemption therefrom,  in order to be sold in the ordinary course of business)
in a private placement. (See "Illiquid Securities and Restricted Securities" .) 

The Fund cannot  guarantee a gain or eliminate  the risk of loss.  The net asset
value of the Fund's  shares will increase or decrease with changes in the market
price of the  Fund's  investments,  and there is no  assurance  that the  Fund's
objectives will be achieved.                                                    

Master/feeder  Structure.  The Boards of Directors has the  discretion to retain
the current distribution  arrangements for the Funds while investing in a master
fund in a master/feeder fund structure as described below.                      

A master/feeder fund structure is one in which a fund (a "feeder fund"), instead
of investing  directly in a portfolio of securities,  invests most or all of its
investment  assets in a separate  registered  investment  company  (the  "master
fund") with  substantially  the same  investment  objective  and policies as the
feeder  fund.  Such a  structure  permits  the  pooling of assets of two or more
feeder funds,  preserving  separate  identities or distribution  channels at the
feeder  fund  level.  Based on the  premise  that  certain  of the  expenses  of
operating an investment  portfolio are  relatively  fixed,  a larger  investment
portfolio may eventually  achieve a lower ratio of operating expenses to average
net assets. An existing  investment  company is able to convert to a feeder fund
by  selling  all  of  its  investments,   which  involves  brokerage  and  other
transaction  costs and realization of a taxable gain or loss, or by contributing
its assets to the master  fund and  avoiding  transaction  costs and,  if proper
procedures are followed, the realization of taxable gain or loss.               

Borrowing.  Each Fund may not borrow  money,  except as permitted  under Federal
law. Each Fund will borrow only when the Advisor  believes that  borrowing  will
benefit the Fund after taking into account  considerations  such as the costs of
the borrowing.  Each Fund does not expect to borrow for investment purposes,  to
increase  return or leverage  the  portfolio.  Borrowing  by a Fund will involve
special risk  considerations.  Although the principal of each Fund's  borrowings
will be fixed, the Fund's assets may change in value during the time a borrowing
is outstanding, thus increasing exposure to capital risk.                       

Common Stocks. Under normal circumstances, each Fund invests primarily in common
stocks.  Common  stock is  issued by each  company  to raise  cash for  business
purposes  and  represents  a  proportionate  interest in the issuing  companies.
Therefore,  each Fund  participates  in the success or failure of any company in
which  it  holds  stock.  The                                                   

6 

P-->497169th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 169th
market  values  of common  stock can  fluctuate  significantly,  reflecting  the
business  performance of the issuing  company,  investor  perception and general
economic  or  financial  market  movements.  Smaller  companies  are  especially
sensitive to these  factors and may even become  valueless.  Despite the risk of
price  volatility,  however,  common  stock also offers  greater  potential  for
long-term gain on investment, compared to other classes of financial assets such
as bonds or cash equivalents.                                                   

Convertible Securities. Each Fund may invest in convertible securities, that is,
bonds,  notes,  debentures,  preferred  stocks  and other  securities  which are
convertible into common stock. Investments in convertible securities can provide
an  opportunity  for capital  appreciation  and/or income  through  interest and
dividend payments by virtue of their conversion or exchange features.           

The convertible securities in which the Funds may invest are either fixed income
or zero coupon debt  securities  which may be converted or exchanged at a stated
or  determinable  exchange  ratio into  underlying  shares of common stock.  The
exchange ratio for any particular convertible security may be adjusted from time
to time due to stock splits, dividends, spin-offs, other corporate distributions
or scheduled  changes in the exchange  ratio.  Convertible  debt  securities and
convertible  preferred  stocks,  until converted,  have general  characteristics
similar to both debt and equity  securities.  Although  to a lesser  extent than
with debt securities generally, the market value of convertible securities tends
to decline as interest  rates  increase  and,  conversely,  tends to increase as
interest  rates  decline.  In addition,  because of the  conversion  or exchange
feature,  the market value of convertible  securities  typically  changes as the
market value of the underlying common stocks changes, and, therefore, also tends
to follow  movements  in the  general  market  for equity  securities.  A unique
feature of convertible  securities is that as the market price of the underlying
common stock declines,  convertible  securities tend to trade  increasingly on a
yield basis, and so may not experience  market value declines to the same extent
as the underlying  common stock.  When the market price of the underlying common
stock  increases,  the prices of the  convertible  securities  tend to rise as a
reflection of the value of the underlying common stock,  although  typically not
as much as the  underlying  common stock.  While no securities  investments  are
without risk,  investments in convertible  securities generally entail less risk
than investments in common stock of the same issuer.                            

As debt securities,  convertible  securities are investments which provide for a
stream of income (or in the case of zero coupon securities, accretion of income)
with  generally  higher  yields than  common  stocks.  Of course,  like all debt
securities,  there can be no assurance of income or principal  payments  because
the issuers of the  convertible  securities  may  default on their  obligations.
Convertible   securities  generally  offer  lower  yields  than  non-convertible
securities of similar quality because of their conversion or exchange features. 

Convertible   securities   generally  are  subordinated  to  other  similar  but
non-convertible  securities of the same issuer,  although  convertible bonds, as
corporate debt  obligations,  enjoy  seniority in right of payment to all equity
securities,  and  convertible  preferred  stock is senior to common stock of the
same issuer.  However,  because of the subordination feature,  convertible bonds
and  convertible  preferred  stock  typically  have lower  ratings  than similar
non-convertible securities. Convertible securities may be issued as fixed income
obligations that pay current income or as zero coupon notes and bonds, including
Liquid Yield Option Notes ("LYONs"(TM)).                                        

Currency  Transactions.  Each Fund may  engage  in  currency  transactions  with
Counterparties  primarily in order to hedge,  or manage the risk of the value of
portfolio holdings denominated in particular  currencies against fluctuations in
relative  value.  Currency  transactions  include  forward  currency  contracts,
exchange listed currency futures, exchange listed and OTC options on currencies,
and currency swaps. A forward currency contract involves a privately  negotiated
obligation  to purchase or sell (with  delivery  generally  required) a specific
currency at a future  date,  which may be any fixed number of days from the date
of the contract  agreed upon by the  parties,  at a price set at the time of the
contract.  A currency  swap is an agreement to exchange  cash flows based on the
notional  difference  among two or more currencies and operates  similarly to an
interest rate swap,  which is described  below. The Fund may enter into currency
transactions with  Counterparties  which have received (or the guarantors of the
obligations  which  have  received)  a  credit  rating  of  A-1 or P-1 by S&P or
Moody's, respectively, or that have an equivalent rating from a NRSRO or (except
for OTC currency  options) are determined to be of equivalent  credit quality by
the Advisor.                                                                    

Each  Fund's  dealings  in  forward   currency   contracts  and  other  currency
transactions  such as futures,  options,  options on futures and swaps generally
will be limited to hedging  involving either specific  transactions or portfolio
positions  except as described  below.  Transaction  hedging is entering  into a
currency  transaction  with respect to specific  assets or  liabilities  of each
Fund,  which will  generally  arise in  connection  with the purchase or sale of
their portfolio securities or the receipt of income therefrom.  Position hedging
is entering  into a currency  transaction  with  respect to  portfolio  security
positions denominated or generally quoted in that currency.                     

7 

P-->497170th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 170th
The Funds generally will not enter into a transaction to hedge currency exposure
to an  extent  greater,  after  netting  all  transactions  intended  wholly  or
partially to offset other transactions,  than the aggregate market value (at the
time of entering into the  transaction)  of the securities held in its portfolio
that are denominated or generally  quoted in or currently  convertible into such
currency, other than with respect to proxy hedging or cross hedging as described
below.                                                                          

The Funds may also  cross-hedge  currencies  by entering  into  transactions  to
purchase or sell one or more  currencies  that are  expected to decline in value
relative to other  currencies  to which a Fund has or in which a Fund expects to
have portfolio exposure.                                                        

To reduce  the  effect of  currency  fluctuations  on the value of  existing  or
anticipated holdings of portfolio securities, the Funds may also engage in proxy
hedging.  Proxy  hedging  is  often  used  when the  currency  to which a Fund's
portfolio is exposed is difficult to hedge or to hedge against the dollar. Proxy
hedging  entails  entering into a commitment or option to sell a currency  whose
changes in value are  generally  considered  to be  correlated  to a currency or
currencies in which some or all of each Fund's  portfolio  securities are or are
expected to be  denominated,  in exchange  for U.S.  dollars.  The amount of the
commitment  or  option  would not  exceed  the  value of the  Fund's  securities
denominated in correlated currencies. For example, if the Advisor considers that
the Austrian schilling is correlated to the German  deutschemark (the "D-mark"),
the Fund holds  securities  denominated in schillings  and the Advisor  believes
that the value of schillings will decline against the U.S.  dollar,  the Advisor
may enter into a commitment or option to sell D-marks and buy dollars.  Currency
hedging involves some of the same risks and considerations as other transactions
with similar instruments.  Currency  transactions can result in losses to a Fund
if the currency  being hedged  fluctuates in value to a degree or in a direction
that  is  not  anticipated.  Further,  there  is the  risk  that  the  perceived
correlation  between various currencies may not be present or may not be present
during the particular  time that a Fund is engaging in proxy hedging.  If a Fund
enters into a currency hedging transaction,  the Fund will comply with the asset
segregation requirements described below.                                       

Risks of  Currency  Transactions.  Currency  transactions  are  subject to risks
different from those of other portfolio  transactions.  Because currency control
is of great  importance  to the  issuing  governments  and  influences  economic
planning and policy, purchases and sales of currency and related instruments can
be  negatively  affected  by  government  exchange  controls,   blockages,   and
manipulations or exchange restrictions imposed by governments.  These can result
in losses to a Fund if it is unable to deliver or receive  currency  or funds in
settlement of obligations  and could also cause hedges it has entered into to be
rendered  useless,  resulting  in full  currency  exposure as well as  incurring
transaction  costs.  Buyers and sellers of  currency  futures are subject to the
same risks that apply to the use of futures generally.  Further, settlement of a
currency  futures  contract for the purchase of most  currencies must occur at a
bank  based in the  issuing  nation.  Trading  options  on  currency  futures is
relatively  new,  and the ability to establish  and close out  positions on such
options is subject to the maintenance of a liquid market which may not always be
available.  Currency  exchange rates may fluctuate based on factors extrinsic to
that country's economy.                                                         

Debt Securities.  Global Fund may not invest more than 5% of its total assets in
debt  securities  that are rated Baa or below by Moody's or BBB or below by S&P,
or deemed by the Advisor to be of comparable quality.                           

When the Advisor  believes that it is  appropriate  to do so in order to achieve
International  Fund's objective of long-term capital growth, the Fund may invest
up to 20% of its total  assets in debt  securities  including  bonds of  foreign
governments,  supranational  organizations and private issuers,  including bonds
denominated  in the Euro.  Portfolio  debt  investments  will be selected on the
basis of,  among  other  things,  yield,  credit  quality,  and the  fundamental
outlooks for currency,  economic and interest rate trends in different  parts of
the globe,  taking  into  account  the  ability to hedge a degree of currency or
local bond price risk.                                                          

Depository  Receipts.  International  Fund may invest  sponsored or  unsponsored
American  Depository  Receipts ("ADRs"),  European Depositary Receipts ("EDRs"),
Global Depository Receipts ("GDRs"),  International Depository Receipts ("IDRs")
and other types of Depository Receipts (which, together with ADRs, GDRs and IDRs
are  hereinafter  referred to as  "Depository  Receipts").  Depositary  receipts
provide  indirect  investment  in  securities  of  foreign  issuers.  Prices  of
unsponsored  Depository  Receipts may be more volatile than if the issuer of the
underlying securities sponsored them. Depository Receipts may not necessarily be
denominated  in the same currency as the underlying  securities  into which they
may be  converted.  In  addition,  the  issuers  of  the  stock  of  unsponsored
Depository  Receipts are not obligated to disclose  material  information in the
United  States  and,  therefore,  there may not be a  correlation  between  such
information and the market value of the Depository Receipts. ADRs are Depository
Receipts which are bought and sold in the United States and are typically issued
by a  U.S.  bank  or  trust  company  which  evidence  ownership  of  underlying
securities by a foreign  corporation.  GDRs,  IDRs and other types of Depository
Receipts are typically issued by foreign banks or trust companies, although they
may also be issued by  United  States  banks or trust  companies,  and  evidence
ownership of underlying securities issued by either a foreign or a United States
corporation.  Generally, Depository                                             

8 

P-->497171st Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 171st
Receipts in registered form are designed for use in the United States securities
markets  and  Depository  Receipts  in  bearer  form  are  designed  for  use in
securities  markets  outside  the  United  States.  For  purposes  of the Fund's
investment  policies,  the Fund's  investments in ADRs,  GDRs and other types of
Depository  Receipts  will  be  deemed  to  be  investments  in  the  underlying
securities.  Depository  Receipts,  including those  denominated in U.S. dollars
will be subject to foreign currency exchange rate risk. However, by investing in
US  dollar-denominated  ADRs rather than directly in foreign issuers' stock, the
Fund avoids currency risks during the settlement period. In general,  there is a
large,  liquid  market in the  United  States for most  ADRs.  However,  certain
Depository  Receipts  may not be  listed on an  exchange  and  therefore  may be
illiquid securities.                                                            

Dollar Roll Transactions. Dollar roll transactions consist of the sale by a Fund
to a bank or broker/dealer  (the  "counterparty")  of GNMA certificates or other
mortgage-backed  securities  together  with a  commitment  to purchase  from the
counterparty  similar,  but not  identical,  securities at a future date, at the
same price.  The  counterparty  receives all  principal  and interest  payments,
including  prepayments,  made on the  security  while it is the  holder.  A Fund
receives a fee from the  counterparty  as  consideration  for entering  into the
commitment  to  purchase.  Dollar  rolls may be renewed over a period of several
months  with  a  different  purchase  and  repurchase  price  fixed  and a  cash
settlement  made  at each  renewal  without  physical  delivery  of  securities.
Moreover,  the  transaction  may  be  preceded  by a firm  commitment  agreement
pursuant to which a Fund agrees to buy a security on a future date.             

Each Fund will segregate cash, U.S. Government securities or other liquid assets
in  an  amount   sufficient  to  meet  their  purchase   obligations  under  the
transactions.  The Funds will also maintain  asset coverage of at least 300% for
all outstanding firm commitments, dollar rolls and other borrowings.            

Dollar  rolls may be treated for  purposes  of the of 1940 Act,  as amended,  as
borrowings of each Fund because they involve the sale of a security coupled with
an  agreement  to  repurchase.  A dollar roll  involves  costs to the Fund.  For
example, while a Fund receives a fee as consideration for agreeing to repurchase
the  security,  the Fund forgoes the right to receive all principal and interest
payments  while the  counterparty  holds the  security.  These  payments  to the
counterparty  may  exceed  the fee  received  by the Fund,  thereby  effectively
charging  the Fund  interest  on its  borrowing.  Further,  although  a Fund can
estimate the amount of expected principal prepayment over the term of the dollar
roll, a variation in the actual amount of prepayment  could increase or decrease
the cost of the Fund's borrowing.                                               

The entry into dollar rolls involves  potential risks of loss that are different
from those related to the securities  underlying the transactions.  For example,
if the  counterparty  becomes  insolvent,  a Fund's  right to purchase  from the
counterparty might be restricted. Additionally, the value of such securities may
change adversely before a Fund is able to purchase them.  Similarly,  a Fund may
be required to purchase  securities in connection with a dollar roll at a higher
price than may otherwise be available on the open market. Since, as noted above,
the counterparty is required to deliver a similar, but not identical security to
a Fund,  the security that the Fund is required to buy under the dollar roll may
be worth less than an  identical  security.  Finally,  there can be no assurance
that  each  Fund's  use of the cash  that it  receives  from a dollar  roll will
provide a return that exceeds borrowing costs.                                  

Eurodollar   Instruments.   The  Funds  may  make   investments   in  Eurodollar
instruments.   Eurodollar  instruments  are  U.S.   dollar-denominated   futures
contracts or options  thereon which are linked to the London  Interbank  Offered
Rate ("LIBOR"), although foreign currency-denominated  instruments are available
from time to time.  Eurodollar  futures  contracts enable purchasers to obtain a
fixed  rate for the  lending  of funds and  sellers  to obtain a fixed  rate for
borrowings.  The Fund might use Eurodollar futures contracts and options thereon
to hedge against  changes in LIBOR,  to which many interest rate swaps and fixed
income instruments are linked.                                                  

Foreign  Currencies.  Because  investments  in foreign  securities  usually will
involve currencies of foreign countries,  and because the Funds may hold foreign
currencies  and  forward  contracts,  futures  contracts  and options on foreign
currencies and foreign  currency futures  contracts,  the value of the assets of
the Funds as measured in U.S.  dollars may be affected  favorably or unfavorably
by changes in foreign currency exchange rates and exchange control  regulations,
and the  Funds  may  incur  costs and  experience  conversion  difficulties  and
uncertainties  in connection with  conversions  between various  currencies.  In
particular, each Fund's foreign investments are generally denominated in foreign
currencies. The strength or weakness of the U.S. dollar against these currencies
is responsible  for part of each Fund's  investment  performance.  If the dollar
falls in value relative to the Japanese yen, for example,  the dollar value of a
Japanese  stock  held in the  portfolio  will rise even  though the price of the
stock remains  unchanged.  Conversely,  if the dollar rises in value relative to
the yen, the dollar value of the Japanese stock will fall.                      

In addition,  many foreign currencies have experienced  significant  devaluation
relative to the dollar.  Although  each Fund values its assets daily in terms of
U.S. dollars,  it does not intend to convert its holdings of foreign  currencies
into  U.S.                                                                      

9 

P-->497172nd Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 172nd
dollars on a daily basis. It will do so from time to time, and investors  should
be aware of the costs of currency conversion.  Although foreign exchange dealers
do not  charge a fee for  conversion,  they do  realize  a  profit  based on the
difference  (the  "spread")  between  the  prices at which  they are  buying and
selling various currencies.  Thus, a dealer may offer to sell a foreign currency
to each Fund at one rate,  while  offering a lesser rate of exchange  should the
Fund desire to resell that  currency to the dealer.  Each Fund will  conduct its
foreign currency exchange  transactions  either on a spot (i.e.,  cash) basis at
the spot rate prevailing in the foreign  currency  exchange  market,  or through
entering  into  options  or forward or futures  contracts  to  purchase  or sell
foreign currencies.                                                             

Foreign  Investment  Risk.  While each Fund offers the potential for substantial
appreciation  over  time,  it also  involves  above-average  investment  risk in
comparison  to a  mutual  fund  investing  in  a  broad  range  of  U.S.  equity
securities.  Each  Fund  is  designed  as a  long-term  investment  and  not for
short-term trading purposes. Each Fund together, should be considered a complete
investment  program,  although each could serve as a core international  holding
for an  individual's  portfolio.  Each  Fund's net asset  value,  or price,  can
fluctuate   significantly  with  changes  in  stock  market  levels,   political
developments,  movements  in  currencies,  global  investment  flows  and  other
factors.                                                                        

Foreign  Securities.  Investing in foreign  securities  involves certain special
considerations,  including  those  set  forth  below,  which  are not  typically
associated  with  investing  in U.S.  securities  and  which  may  favorably  or
unfavorably  affect  the  Funds'  performance.  As  foreign  companies  are  not
generally  subject to  uniform  accounting,  auditing  and  financial  reporting
standards, practices and requirements comparable to those applicable to domestic
companies,  there may be less  publicly  available  information  about a foreign
company than about a domestic company.  Many foreign securities  markets,  while
growing in volume of trading activity,  have  substantially less volume than the
U.S.  market,  and  securities of some foreign  issuers are less liquid and more
volatile than securities of domestic issuers. Similarly, volume and liquidity in
most foreign bond markets is less than in the U.S. and, at times,  volatility of
price  can be  greater  than in the  U.S.  Fixed  commissions  on  some  foreign
securities  exchanges  and bid to asked  spreads in  foreign  bond  markets  are
generally  higher  than  commissions  or bid to asked  spreads on U.S.  markets,
although the Advisor will endeavor to achieve the most  favorable net results on
its portfolio transactions. There is generally less governmental supervision and
regulation  of  securities  exchanges,  brokers and listed  companies in foreign
countries  than in the U.S. It may be more  difficult  for the Funds'  agents to
keep currently  informed about corporate  actions in foreign countries which may
affect the prices of portfolio securities.  Communications  between the U.S. and
foreign countries may be less reliable than within the U.S., thus increasing the
risk of delayed  settlements of portfolio  transactions  or loss of certificates
for  portfolio  securities.  Payment  for  securities  without  delivery  may be
required  in certain  foreign  markets.  In  addition,  with  respect to certain
foreign  countries,  there is the possibility of  expropriation  or confiscatory
taxation,  political or social  instability,  or diplomatic  developments  which
could affect U.S. investments in those countries.  Moreover,  individual foreign
economies  may differ  favorably or  unfavorably  from the U.S.  economy in such
respects  as  growth  of gross  national  product,  rate of  inflation,  capital
reinvestment,  resource  self-sufficiency and balance of payments position.  The
management  of the  Funds  seeks  to  mitigate  the  risks  associated  with the
foregoing considerations through continuous professional management.            

High  Yield/High Risk Bonds.  The Funds may also purchase,  to a limited extent,
debt securities which are rated below investment-grade  (commonly referred to as
"junk  bonds"),  that is,  rated  below Baa by  Moody's  or below BBB by S&P and
unrated securities, which usually entail greater risk (including the possibility
of default or bankruptcy of the issuers of such  securities),  generally involve
greater  volatility of price and risk of principal  and income,  and may be less
liquid,  than securities in the higher rating categories.  The lower the ratings
of such debt  securities,  the  greater  their  risks  render  them like  equity
securities.  International  Fund will invest no more than 5% of its total assets
in  securities  rated BB or lower by  Moody's  or Ba by S&P,  and may  invest in
securities  which are rated D by S&P.  See the  Appendix  to this  Statement  of
Additional  Information for a more complete  description of the ratings assigned
by ratings organizations and their respective characteristics.                  

High yield,  high-risk  securities are especially  subject to adverse changes in
general  economic  conditions,  to changes in the  financial  condition of their
issuers and to price  fluctuations  in response to changes in interest rates. An
economic  downturn could disrupt the high yield market and impair the ability of
issuers to repay  principal  and interest.  Also, an increase in interest  rates
would have a greater  adverse  impact on the value of such  obligations  than on
higher quality debt securities.  During an economic downturn or period of rising
interest rates,  highly leveraged  issues may experience  financial stress which
would  adversely  affect their ability to service  their  principal and interest
payment  obligations.  Prices and yields of high yield securities will fluctuate
over time and, during periods of economic uncertainty,  volatility of high yield
securities  may  adversely  affect  a  Fund's  net  asset  value.  In  addition,
investments  in high  yield  zero  coupon  or  pay-in-kind  bonds,  rather  than
income-bearing high yield securities, may be more speculative and may be subject
to greater fluctuations in value due to changes in interest rates.              

10

P-->497173rd Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 173rd
The  trading  market for high yield  securities  may be thin to the extent  that
there is no established retail secondary market. A thin trading market may limit
the ability of a Fund to accurately value high yield securities in its portfolio
and to dispose of those securities.  Adverse publicity and investor  perceptions
may decrease the values and liquidity of high yield securities. These securities
may also involve special registration  responsibilities,  liabilities and costs,
and liquidity and valuation difficulties.                                       

Credit  quality in the  high-yield  securities  market can change  suddenly  and
unexpectedly,  and even recently issued credit ratings may not fully reflect the
actual risks posed by a particular high-yield security. For these reasons, it is
the  policy  of the  Advisor  not to  rely  exclusively  on  ratings  issued  by
established credit rating agencies,  but to supplement such ratings with its own
independent and on-going  review of credit quality.  The achievement of a Fund's
investment  objective by investment in such  securities may be more dependent on
the Advisor's credit analysis than is the case for higher quality bonds.  Should
the rating of a portfolio  security be  downgraded,  the Advisor will  determine
whether  it is in the best  interests  of the Fund to retain or  dispose of such
security.                                                                       

Prices for below investment-grade  securities may be affected by legislative and
regulatory developments. For example, new federal rules require savings and loan
institutions  to  gradually  reduce  their  holdings  of this type of  security.
Congress has from time to time  considered  legislation  which would restrict or
eliminate the corporate tax deduction for interest  payments in these securities
and  regulate  corporate  restructurings.  Such  legislation  may  significantly
depress the prices of outstanding securities of this type.                      

Illiquid Securities and Restricted Securities. Each Fund may purchase securities
that are subject to legal or  contractual  restrictions  on resale  ("restricted
securities").  Generally speaking, restricted securities may be sold (i) only to
qualified  institutional buyers; (ii) in a privately negotiated transaction to a
limited number of purchasers;  (iii) in limited  quantities after they have been
held for a specified  period of time and other conditions are met pursuant to an
exemption  from  registration;  or  (iv)  in  a  public  offering  for  which  a
registration  statement  is in  effect  under  the  Securities  Act of 1933,  as
amended.  Issuers of restricted  securities may not be subject to the disclosure
and other  investor  protection  requirements  that would be applicable if their
securities were publicly traded.                                                

Restricted  securities  are often  illiquid,  but they may also be  liquid.  For
example,  restricted securities that are eligible for resale under Rule 144A are
often deemed to be liquid.                                                      

Each Fund's Board has approved  guidelines for use by the Advisor in determining
whether a security  is liquid or  illiquid.  Among the  factors  the Advisor may
consider in reaching  liquidity  decisions relating to Rule 144A securities are:
(1) the  frequency  of trades  and quotes  for the  security;  (2) the number of
dealers  wishing  to  purchase  or sell the  security  and the  number  of other
potential purchasers;  (3) dealer undertakings to make a market in the security;
and (4) the nature of the security and the nature of the market for the security
(i.e.,  the time  needed to dispose of the  security,  the method of  soliciting
offers, and the mechanics of the transfer.  Issuers of restricted securities may
not be subject to the disclosure and other investor protection  requirement that
would  be  applicable  if  their  securities  were  publicly  traded.   Where  a
registration statement is required for the resale of restricted securities, each
Fund may be required to bear all or part of the registration expenses. Each Fund
may be deemed to be an "underwriter" for purposes of the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended when selling restricted  securities to the public and, in such event,
each Fund may be liable to  purchasers of such  securities  if the  registration
statement prepared by the issuer is materially inaccurate or misleading.        

Each  Fund  may  also  purchase  securities  that  are not  subject  to legal or
contractual   restrictions  on  resale,  but  that  are  deemed  illiquid.  Such
securities  may be illiquid,  for example,  because  there is a limited  trading
market for them.                                                                

Each Fund may be unable to sell a restricted or illiquid security.  In addition,
it may be more  difficult to determine a market value for restricted or illiquid
securities.  Moreover,  if adverse market  conditions were to develop during the
period  between each Fund's  decision to sell a restricted or illiquid  security
and the point at which  each Fund is  permitted  or able to sell such  security,
each Fund might obtain a price less favorable than the price that prevailed when
it decided to sell. This investment practice,  therefore,  could have the effect
of increasing the level of illiquidity of each Fund.                            

Interfund  Borrowing  and Lending  Program.  The Funds have  received  exemptive
relief from the Securities and Exchange  Commission (the "SEC") that permits the
Funds to participate in an interfund borrowing and lending program among certain
investment  companies  advised by the Advisor.  The  interfund  lending  program
allows the participating funds to borrow money from and loan money to each other
for  temporary  or  emergency  purposes.  The  program is subject to a number of
conditions  designed to ensure fair and equitable treatment of all participating
funds, including the following: (1) no fund may borrow money through the program
unless it receives a more favorable  interest rate than a rate approximating the
lowest  interest  rate at which  bank  loans  would be  available  to any of the
participating  funds  under                                                     

11

P-->497174th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 174th
a loan  agreement;  and (2) no fund may lend money through the program unless it
receives a more  favorable  return than that  available  from an  investment  in
repurchase  agreements  and, to the extent  applicable,  money market cash sweep
arrangements.  In addition, a fund may participate in the program only if and to
the extent that such  participation  is  consistent  with the fund's  investment
objectives  and  policies  (for  instance,  money  market  funds would  normally
participate  only as lenders and tax exempt funds only as borrowers).  Interfund
loans and borrowings may extend overnight,  but could have a maximum duration of
seven days.  Loans may be called on one day's notice.  A fund may have to borrow
from a bank at a higher  interest  rate if an  interfund  loan is  called or not
renewed.  Any  delay in  repayment  to a  lending  fund  could  result in a lost
investment  opportunity  or  additional  costs.  The  program  is subject to the
oversight and periodic review of the Boards of the  participating  funds. To the
extent  each  Fund is  actually  engaged  in  borrowing  through  the  interfund
borrowing and lending program, the Fund, as a matter of non-fundamental  policy,
may not borrow for other  than  temporary  or  emergency  purposes  (and not for
leveraging),  except that the Fund may engage in reverse  repurchase  agreements
and dollar rolls for any purpose.                                               

Investing in Emerging Markets.  The Funds' investments in foreign securities may
be in developed  countries or in countries  considered by the Funds'  Advisor to
have  developing  or "emerging"  markets,  which  involves  exposure to economic
structures that are generally less diverse and mature than in the United States,
and to  political  systems that may be less  stable.  A  developing  or emerging
market  country can be considered to be a country that is in the initial  stages
of its industrialization  cycle.  Currently,  emerging markets generally include
every  country  in the  world  other  than the  United  States,  Canada,  Japan,
Australia,   New  Zealand,  Hong  Kong,  Singapore  and  most  Western  European
countries. Currently, investing in many emerging markets may not be desirable or
feasible  because of the lack of adequate  custody  arrangements  for the Fund's
assets,  overly burdensome  repatriation and similar  restrictions,  the lack of
organized and liquid securities markets,  unacceptable  political risks or other
reasons.  As  opportunities to invest in securities in emerging markets develop,
the Funds may expand and further broaden the group of emerging  markets in which
it invests. In the past, markets of developing or emerging market countries have
been more  volatile  than the  markets of  developed  countries;  however,  such
markets  often have provided  higher rates of return to  investors.  The Advisor
believes that these characteristics may be expected to continue in the future.  

Most  emerging  securities  markets may have  substantially  less volume and are
subject  to  less  governmental   supervision  than  U.S.   securities  markets.
Securities  of many  issuers in  emerging  markets  may be less  liquid and more
volatile than securities of comparable domestic issuers.  In addition,  there is
less  regulation of securities  exchanges,  securities  dealers,  and listed and
unlisted companies in emerging markets than in the U.S.                         

Emerging markets also have different clearance and settlement procedures, and in
certain markets there have been times when  settlements  have not kept pace with
the volume of  securities  transactions.  Delays in  settlement  could result in
temporary  periods when a portion of the assets of the Fund is uninvested and no
cash is earned  thereon.  The  inability of the Fund to make  intended  security
purchases due to  settlement  problems  could cause the Fund to miss  attractive
investment  opportunities.  Inability to dispose of portfolio  securities due to
settlement  problems could result either in losses to the Fund due to subsequent
declines in value of the  portfolio  security or, if the Fund has entered into a
contract  to sell the  security,  could  result  in  possible  liability  to the
purchaser.   Costs  associated  with  transactions  in  foreign  securities  are
generally  higher than costs  associated with  transactions in U.S.  securities.
Such  transactions  also  involve  additional  costs for the purchase or sale of
foreign currency.                                                               

Certain emerging markets require prior  governmental  approval of investments by
foreign  persons,  limit the  amount  of  investment  by  foreign  persons  in a
particular  company,  limit the investment by foreign persons only to a specific
class of securities of a company that may have less advantageous rights than the
classes  available for purchase by  domiciliaries of the countries and/or impose
additional  taxes  on  foreign  investors.  Certain  emerging  markets  may also
restrict  investment  opportunities in issuers in industries deemed important to
national interest.                                                              

Certain emerging markets may require governmental  approval for the repatriation
of investment income,  capital or the proceeds of sales of securities by foreign
investors.  In  addition,  if a  deterioration  occurs in an  emerging  market's
balance of payments  or for other  reasons,  a country  could  impose  temporary
restrictions  on  foreign  capital  remittances.  The Fund  could  be  adversely
affected by delays in, or a refusal to grant, any required governmental approval
for  repatriation  of capital,  as well as by the application to the Fund of any
restrictions on investments.                                                    

In the course of investment in emerging markets, the Fund will be exposed to the
direct or indirect consequences of political, social and economic changes in one
or more emerging markets. While the Fund will manage its assets in a manner that
will seek to minimize the exposure to such risks, there can be no assurance that
adverse political,  social or economic changes will not cause the Fund to suffer
a loss of value in respect of the securities in the Fund's portfolio.           

12

P-->497175th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 175th
The risk  also  exists  that an  emergency  situation  may  arise in one or more
emerging  markets as a result of which trading of securities may cease or may be
substantially curtailed and prices for the Fund's securities in such markets may
not be readily  available.  The Corporation may suspend redemption of its shares
for any period  during  which an emergency  exists,  as  determined  by the SEC.
Accordingly if the Fund believes that appropriate  circumstances  exist, it will
promptly  apply to the SEC for a  determination  that an  emergency  is present.
During the period  commencing from the Fund's  identification  of such condition
until the date of the SEC action,  the Fund's securities in the affected markets
will be valued at fair value  determined in good faith by or under the direction
of the Corporation's Board of Directors.                                        

Volume and  liquidity  in most  foreign  markets are less than in the U.S.,  and
securities  of many foreign  companies  are less liquid and more  volatile  than
securities of comparable U.S. companies. Fixed commissions on foreign securities
exchanges are generally  higher than negotiated  commissions on U.S.  exchanges,
although  the Fund  endeavors to achieve the most  favorable  net results on its
portfolio  transactions.  There is generally less  governmental  supervision and
regulation of business and industry practices,  securities  exchanges,  brokers,
dealers and listed  companies than in the U.S. Mail service between the U.S. and
foreign  countries  may be slower or less  reliable  than within the U.S.,  thus
increasing the risk of delayed settlements of portfolio  transactions or loss of
certificates for certificated portfolio securities. In addition, with respect to
certain  emerging  markets,   there  is  the  possibility  of  expropriation  or
confiscatory   taxation,   political  or  social   instability,   or  diplomatic
developments  which  could  affect the Fund's  investments  in those  countries.
Moreover,   individual   emerging  market  economies  may  differ  favorably  or
unfavorably  from the U.S.  economy in such respects as growth of gross national
product, rate of inflation, capital reinvestment,  resource self-sufficiency and
balance of payments position.                                                   

The Fund may have limited legal  recourse in the event of a default with respect
to certain debt  obligations it holds. If the issuer of a fixed-income  security
owned by the Fund  defaults,  the Fund may  incur  additional  expenses  to seek
recovery.  Debt obligations issued by emerging market country governments differ
from debt  obligations  of private  entities;  remedies  from  defaults  on debt
obligations issued by emerging market governments, unlike those on private debt,
must be pursued in the courts of the defaulting party itself. The Fund's ability
to enforce its rights  against  private  issuers may be limited.  The ability to
attach assets to enforce a judgment may be limited.  Legal recourse is therefore
somewhat diminished. Bankruptcy, moratorium and other similar laws applicable to
private issuers of debt obligations may be substantially different from those of
other  countries.  The  political  context,  expressed  as  an  emerging  market
governmental issuer's willingness to meet the terms of the debt obligation,  for
example, is of considerable  importance.  In addition, no assurance can be given
that the holders of commercial bank debt may not contest payments to the holders
of  debt  obligations  in the  event  of  default  under  commercial  bank  loan
agreements.                                                                     

Income from securities held by the Fund could be reduced by a withholding tax at
the source or other taxes imposed by the emerging market  countries in which the
Fund makes its  investments.  The Fund's net asset value may also be affected by
changes  in the  rates  or  methods  of  taxation  applicable  to the Fund or to
entities in which the Fund has  invested.  The Advisor will consider the cost of
any taxes in determining whether to acquire any particular investments,  but can
provide no assurance that the taxes will not be subject to change.              

Many  emerging  markets  have  experienced  substantial,  and, in some  periods,
extremely  high  rates  of  inflation  for  many  years.   Inflation  and  rapid
fluctuations  in  inflation  rates  have had and may  continue  to have  adverse
effects on the  economies  and  securities  markets of certain  emerging  market
countries. In an attempt to control inflation, wage and price controls have been
imposed in certain  countries.  Of these countries,  some, in recent years, have
begun to control inflation through prudent economic policies.                   

Emerging market governmental issuers are among the largest debtors to commercial
banks,  foreign  governments,  international  financial  organizations and other
financial  institutions.  Certain emerging market governmental  issuers have not
been able to make  payments of interest on or principal of debt  obligations  as
those  payments  have  come due.  Obligations  arising  from past  restructuring
agreements  may  affect  the  economic  performance  and  political  and  social
stability of those issuers.                                                     

Governments  of many emerging  market  countries  have exercised and continue to
exercise  substantial  influence over many aspects of the private sector through
the ownership or control of many companies, including some of the largest in any
given  country.  As a result,  government  actions  in the  future  could have a
significant  effect on economic  conditions in emerging markets,  which in turn,
may adversely affect companies in the private sector,  general market conditions
and prices and yields of  certain  of the  securities  in the Fund's  portfolio.
Expropriation,  confiscatory taxation,  nationalization,  political, economic or
social instability or other similar  developments have occurred  frequently over
the history of certain  emerging  markets and could adversely  affect the Fund's
assets should these conditions recur.                                           

13

P-->497176th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 176th
The  ability of  emerging  market  country  governmental  issuers to make timely
payments  on their  obligations  is  likely  to be  influenced  strongly  by the
issuer's balance of payments,  including export  performance,  and its access to
international  credits and  investments.  An emerging  market whose  exports are
concentrated  in a few  commodities  could be  vulnerable  to a  decline  in the
international   prices   of  one  or  more  of  those   commodities.   Increased
protectionism  on the part of an emerging  market's  trading partners could also
adversely  affect the country's  exports and diminish its trade account surplus,
if any. To the extent that emerging  markets  receive payment for its exports in
currencies other than dollars or non-emerging market currencies,  its ability to
make debt payments  denominated  in dollars or  non-emerging  market  currencies
could be affected.                                                              

Another factor bearing on the ability of emerging market countries to repay debt
obligations is the level of international reserves of the country.  Fluctuations
in the level of these  reserves  affect the amount of foreign  exchange  readily
available  for  external  debt  payments  and thus  could  have a bearing on the
capacity  of  emerging   market   countries  to  make  payments  on  these  debt
obligations.                                                                    

To the extent that an emerging  market country cannot  generate a trade surplus,
it must  depend on  continuing  loans  from  foreign  governments,  multilateral
organizations or private commercial banks, aid payments from foreign governments
and inflows of foreign investment. The access of emerging markets to these forms
of external  funding may not be certain,  and a withdrawal  of external  funding
could  adversely  affect the capacity of emerging  market  country  governmental
issuers  to make  payments  on  their  obligations.  In  addition,  the  cost of
servicing  emerging  market  debt  obligations  can be  affected  by a change in
international  interest  rates  since the  majority of these  obligations  carry
interest rates that are adjusted periodically based upon international rates.   

Investment  Company  Securities.  Each  Fund  may  acquire  securities  of other
investment  companies to the extent consistent with its investment objective and
subject to the  limitations of the 1940 Act. Each Fund will  indirectly bear its
proportionate share of any management fees and other expenses paid by such other
investment companies.                                                           

For example,  a Fund may invest in a variety of investment  companies which seek
to track the  composition  and  performance  of  specific  indexes or a specific
portion of an index.  These  index-based  investments hold  substantially all of
their assets in securities representing their specific index.  Accordingly,  the
main risk of investing in index-based  investments is the same as investing in a
portfolio  of equity  securities  comprising  the index.  The  market  prices of
index-based  investments  will fluctuate in accordance  with both changes in the
market  value of their  underlying  portfolio  securities  and due to supply and
demand for the  instruments on the exchanges on which they are traded (which may
result in their  trading at a discount  or premium to their  NAVs).  Index-based
investments  may not replicate  exactly the performance of their specified index
because of  transaction  costs and because of the  temporary  unavailability  of
certain component securities of the index.                                      

Examples of index-based investments include:                                    

DIAMONDS(SM):  DIAMONDS are based on the Dow Jones Industrial Average(SM).  They
are issued by the DIAMONDS Trust, a unit investment trust that holds a portfolio
of all the component common stocks of the Dow Jones Industrial Average and seeks
to closely track the price performance and dividend yield of the Dow.           

MidCap  SPDRs(R):  MidCap SPDRs are based on the S&P MidCap 400 Index.  They are
issued by the MidCap SPDR Trust, a unit investment  trust that holds a portfolio
of securities  consisting of  substantially  all of the common stocks in the S&P
MidCap 400 Index in substantially  the same weighting and seeks to closely track
the price performance and dividend yield of the Index.                          

Nasdaq-100 Shares: Nasdaq-100 Shares are based on the Nasdaq 100 Index. They are
issued by the Nasdaq-100  Trust, a unit investment  trust that holds a portfolio
consisting of substantially  all of the securities,  in  substantially  the same
weighting,  as the component stocks of the Nasdaq-100 Index and seeks to closely
track the price performance and dividend yield of the Index.                    

Select Sector SPDRs(R):  Select Sector SPDRs are based on a particular sector or
group of  industries  that are  represented  by a specified  Select Sector Index
within the Standard & Poor's Composite Stock Price Index. They are issued by The
Select Sector SPDR Trust, an open-end  management  investment  company with nine
portfolios  that each seeks to closely track the price  performance and dividend
yield of a particular Select Sector Index.                                      

14

P-->497177th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 177th
SPDRs(R):  SPDRs,  an acronym for "Standard & Poor's  Depositary  Receipts," are
based on the S&P 500  Composite  Stock Price Index.  They are issued by the SPDR
Trust,  a unit  investment  trust that  holds  shares of  substantially  all the
companies  in the S&P 500 in  substantially  the  same  weighting  and  seeks to
closely track the price performance and dividend yield of the Index.            

WEBs(SM):  WEBs, an acronym for "World Equity Benchmark Shares," are based on 17
country-specific  Morgan Stanley Capital International  Indexes. They are issued
by the WEBs Index Fund,  Inc., an open-end  management  investment  company that
seeks to correspond  generally to the price and yield  performance of a specific
Morgan Stanley Capital International Index.                                     

Investment-Grade Bonds. The Funds may purchase  "investment-grade"  bonds, which
are those rated Aaa,  Aa, A or Baa by Moody's or AAA, AA, A or BBB by S&P or, if
unrated,  judged to be of  equivalent  quality  as  determined  by the  Advisor.
Moody's  considers  bonds it rates Baa to have  speculative  elements as well as
investment-grade  characteristics.  To the  extent  that  the  Funds  invest  in
higher-grade  securities,  each  Fund  will  not be  able  to  avail  itself  of
opportunities for higher income which may be available at lower grades.         

Investment of Uninvested  Cash  Balances.  Each Fund may have cash balances that
have not been invested in portfolio securities  ("Uninvested Cash").  Uninvested
Cash may result  from a variety of  sources,  including  dividends  or  interest
received from portfolio securities, unsettled securities transactions,  reserves
held for  investment  strategy  purposes,  scheduled  maturity  of  investments,
liquidation  of  investment  securities  to  meet  anticipated  redemptions  and
dividend payments, and new cash received from investors.  Uninvested Cash may be
invested  directly  in  money  market   instruments  or  other  short-term  debt
obligations.  Pursuant to an Exemptive Order issued by the SEC, the Fund may use
Uninvested  Cash to purchase  shares of affiliated  funds including money market
funds,  short-term  bond funds and Zurich  Scudder Cash  Management QP Trust and
Scudder Trust Company,  or one or more future  entities for which Zurich Scudder
Investments  acts  as  trustee  or  investment  advisor  that  operate  as  cash
management  investment  vehicles and that are excluded  from the  definition  of
investment  company  pursuant  to  section  3(c)(1)  or  3(c)(7) of the 1940 Act
(collectively,  the  "Central  Funds") in excess of the  limitations  of Section
12(d)(1) of the 1940 Act.  Investment by the Fund in shares of the Central Funds
will be in accordance with the Fund's  investment  policies and  restrictions as
set forth in its registration statement.                                        

Certain of the Central Funds comply with rule 2a-7 under the 1940 Act. The other
Central Funds are or will be short-term  bond funds that invest in  fixed-income
securities  and maintain a dollar  weighted  average  maturity of three years or
less.  Each of the  Central  Funds will be managed  specifically  to  maintain a
highly liquid  portfolio,  and access to them will enhance the Fund's ability to
manage Uninvested Cash.                                                         

Each Fund will invest  Uninvested  Cash in Central Funds only to the extent that
each Fund's aggregate investment in the Central Funds does not exceed 25% of its
total  assets in shares of the Central  Funds.  Purchase  and sales of shares of
Central Funds are made at net asset value.                                      

Lending of  Portfolio  Securities.  Each Fund may seek to increase its income by
lending   portfolio   securities.   Such   loans  may  be  made  to   registered
broker/dealers or other financial  institutions,  and are required to be secured
continuously  by  collateral in cash or liquid  assets,  maintained on a current
basis at an amount at least equal to the market  value and  accrued  interest of
the  securities  loaned.  Each Fund has the right to call a loan and  obtain the
securities loaned on five days' notice or, in connection with securities trading
on foreign  markets,  within such longer period of time which coincides with the
normal  settlement  period for  purchases  and sales of such  securities in such
foreign markets.  During the existence of a loan, each Fund continues to receive
the equivalent of any distributions  paid by the issuer on the securities loaned
and also receives compensation based on investment of the collateral.  The risks
in lending securities,  as with other extensions of secured credit, consist of a
possible  delay in recovery  and a loss of rights in the  collateral  should the
borrower of the  securities  fail  financially.  Loans may be made only to firms
deemed by the Advisor to be of good standing and will not be made unless, in the
judgment of the Advisor,  the  consideration  to be earned from such loans would
justify the risk.                                                               

Real Estate Investment Trusts ("REITs").  Global Fund may invest in REITs. REITs
are  sometimes  informally  characterized  as equity REITs,  mortgage  REITs and
hybrid REITs.  Investment in REITs may subject the Fund to risks associated with
the direct  ownership of real estate,  such as decreases in real estate  values,
overbuilding,  increased competition and other risks related to local or general
economic conditions, increases in operating costs and property taxes, changes in
zoning  laws,   casualty  or   condemnation   losses,   possible   environmental
liabilities,  regulatory  limitations on rent and fluctuations in rental income.
Equity REITs generally  experience these risks directly through fee or leasehold
interests,  whereas  mortgage REITs generally  experience these risks indirectly
through  mortgage  interests,   unless  the                                     

15

P-->497178th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 178th
mortgage REIT  forecloses  on the  underlying  real estate.  Changes in interest
rates may also affect the value of the Fund's investment in REITs. For instance,
during  periods of declining  interest  rates,  certain  mortgage REITs may hold
mortgages that the mortgagors elect to prepay, which prepayment may diminish the
yield on securities issued by those REITs.                                      

Certain REITs have relatively  small market  capitalizations,  which may tend to
increase the  volatility of the market price of their  securities.  Furthermore,
REITs  are  dependent  upon   specialized   management   skills,   have  limited
diversification and are,  therefore,  subject to risks inherent in operating and
financing a limited  number of  projects.  REITs are also  subject to heavy cash
flow dependency, defaults by borrowers and the possibility of failing to qualify
for tax-free  pass-through of income under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
amended,  and to maintain  exemption from the  registration  requirements of the
1940 Act. By investing in REITs  indirectly  through a Fund, a shareholder  will
bear not only his or her proportionate  share of the expenses of the Fund's, but
also,  indirectly,  similar  expenses of the REITs.  In  addition,  REITs depend
generally  on their  ability  to  generate  cash flow to make  distributions  to
shareholders.                                                                   

Repurchase Agreements. Each Fund may invest in repurchase agreements pursuant to
its investment guidelines.  In a repurchase agreement, a Fund acquires ownership
of a security and simultaneously  commits to resell that security to the seller,
typically a bank or broker/dealer.  Some repurchase commitment  transactions may
not  provide  a Fund with  collateral  marked-to-market  during  the term of the
commitment.                                                                     

A repurchase  agreement  provides a means for a Fund to earn income on funds for
periods as short as overnight.  It is an  arrangement  under which the purchaser
(i.e., a Fund) acquires a security  ("Obligation") and the seller agrees, at the
time of sale,  to  repurchase  the  Obligation  at a  specified  time and price.
Securities  subject to a repurchase  agreement are held in a segregated  account
and the value of such securities kept at least equal to the repurchase  price on
a daily basis.  The repurchase  price may be higher than the purchase price, the
difference being income to a Fund, or the purchase and repurchase  prices may be
the same,  with  interest  at a stated  rate due to the Fund  together  with the
repurchase  price  upon  repurchase.  In either  case,  the  income to a Fund is
unrelated to the interest rate on the  Obligation  itself.  Obligations  will be
held by the Custodian or in the Federal Reserve Book Entry system.              

It is not clear  whether a court would  consider the  Obligation  purchased by a
Fund  subject to a  repurchase  agreement  as being  owned by a Fund or as being
collateral for a loan by a Fund to the seller.  In the event of the commencement
of  bankruptcy  or  insolvency  proceedings  with  respect  to the seller of the
Obligation before repurchase of the Obligation under a repurchase agreement, the
Fund may encounter delay and incur costs before being able to sell the security.
Delays may involve  loss of interest or decline in price of the  Obligation.  If
the court characterizes the transaction as a loan and a Fund has not perfected a
security  interest  in the  Obligation,  a Fund may be  required  to return  the
Obligation to the seller's estate and be treated as an unsecured creditor of the
seller. As an unsecured creditor,  a Fund would be at risk of losing some or all
of the principal and income involved in the  transaction.  As with any unsecured
debt instrument  purchased for a Fund, the Advisor seeks to minimize the risk of
loss through  repurchase  agreements  by analyzing the  creditworthiness  of the
obligor,  in this case the  seller  of the  Obligation.  Apart  from the risk of
bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings, there is also the risk that the seller may
fail to repurchase the Obligation,  in which case a Fund may incur a loss if the
proceeds  to a Fund of the sale to a third  party are less  than the  repurchase
price.  However, if the market value of the Obligation subject to the repurchase
agreement  becomes less than the repurchase price (including  interest),  a Fund
will direct the seller of the  Obligation  to deliver  additional  securities so
that the market value of all securities subject to the repurchase agreement will
equal or exceed  the  repurchase  price.  It is  possible  that the Fund will be
unsuccessful  in seeking to  enforce  the  seller's  contractual  obligation  to
deliver additional securities.                                                  

Reverse  Repurchase  Agreements.  Each Fund may enter into  "reverse  repurchase
agreements,"  which are repurchase  agreements in which a Fund, as the seller of
the securities, agrees to repurchase them at an agreed upon time and price. Each
Fund  maintains a segregated  account in  connection  with  outstanding  reverse
repurchase agreements. Reverse repurchase agreements are deemed to be borrowings
subject to each Fund's investment restrictions applicable to that activity. Each
Fund will  enter  into  reverse  repurchase  agreements  only  when the  Advisor
believes  that the  interest  income to be  earned  from the  investment  of the
proceeds of the  transaction  will be greater than the  interest  expense of the
transaction.  Such transactions may increase  fluctuation in the market value of
fund assets and their yields.                                                   

Trust Preferred Securities.  Each Fund may invest in Trust Preferred Securities,
which are hybrid  instruments  issued by a special  purpose  trust (the "Special
Trust"),  the entire equity  interest of which is owned by a single issuer.  The
proceeds of the issuance to a Fund of Trust  Preferred  Securities are typically
used to purchase a junior  subordinated  debenture,  and distributions  from the
Special  Trust are funded by the  payments  of  principal  and  interest  on the
subordinated debenture.                                                         

16

P-->497179th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 179th
If payments on the underlying junior subordinated debentures held by the Special
Trust are deferred by the debenture  issuer,  the debentures would be treated as
original issue discount ("OID")  obligations for the remainder of their term. As
a result,  holders of Trust  Preferred  Securities,  such as the Fund,  would be
required to accrue  daily for  Federal  income tax  purposes  their share of the
stated interest and the de minimis OID on the debentures  (regardless of whether
the Fund receives any cash  distributions from the Special Trust), and the value
of Trust  Preferred  Securities  would likely be negatively  affected.  Interest
payments on the underlying junior subordinated  debentures typically may only be
deferred if dividends are  suspended on both common and  preferred  stock of the
issuer. The underlying junior  subordinated  debentures  generally rank slightly
higher in terms of payment priority than both common and preferred securities of
the issuer,  but rank below other  subordinated  debentures and debt securities.
Trust Preferred  Securities may be subject to mandatory prepayment under certain
circumstances.  The  market  values of Trust  Preferred  Securities  may be more
volatile than those of conventional debt securities.  Trust Preferred Securities
may be issued in reliance on Rule 144A under the 1933 Act, and, unless and until
registered,  are  restricted  securities;  there can be no  assurance  as to the
liquidity  of Trust  Preferred  Securities  and the  ability of holders of Trust
Preferred Securities, such as the Fund, to sell their holdings.                 

Warrants. International Fund may invest in warrants up to 5% of the value of its
net assets. The holder of a warrant has the right, until the warrant expires, to
purchase a given number of shares of a particular  issuer at a specified  price.
Such  investments  can  provide a greater  potential  for profit or loss than an
equivalent  investment  in the  underlying  security.  Prices of warrants do not
necessarily  move in  tandem  with  the  prices  of the  underlying  securities,
however, and are, therefore, considered speculative investments. Warrants pay no
dividends and confer no rights other than a purchase option.  Thus, if a warrant
held by the Fund  were not  exercised  by the date of its  expiration,  the Fund
would lose the entire purchase price of the warrant.                            

When-Issued Securities. Each Fund may from time to time purchase equity and debt
securities on a "when-issued"  or "forward  delivery"  basis.  The price of such
securities,  which may be  expressed  in yield  terms,  is fixed at the time the
commitment to purchase is made, but delivery and payment for the  when-issued or
forward  delivery  securities  takes  place at a later  date.  During the period
between  purchase and  settlement,  no payment is made by the Fund to the issuer
and no interest  accrues to the Fund.  To the extent that assets of the Fund are
held in cash pending the settlement of a purchase of securities,  the Fund would
earn no income; however, it is each Fund's intention to be fully invested to the
extent  practicable and subject to the policies stated above.  While when-issued
or forward  delivery  securities may be sold prior to the settlement  date, each
Fund intends to purchase such securities with the purpose of actually  acquiring
them unless a sale appears desirable for investment  reasons. At the time a Fund
makes the commitment to purchase a security on a when-issued or forward delivery
basis,  it will record the  transaction and reflect the value of the security in
determining its net asset value.  The market value of the when-issued or forward
delivery  securities may be more or less than the purchase price. Each Fund does
not believe that its net asset value or income will be adversely affected by its
purchase of securities on a when-issued or forward delivery basis.              

Zero Coupon  Securities.  Global Fund may invest in zero coupon securities which
pay no cash  income and are sold at  substantial  discounts  from their value at
maturity.  When  held to  maturity,  their  entire  income,  which  consists  of
accretion of  discount,  comes from the  difference  between the issue price and
their value at maturity.  Zero coupon  securities  are subject to greater market
value  fluctuations  from  changing  interest  rates  than debt  obligations  of
comparable  maturities which make current distributions of interest (cash). Zero
coupon  securities which are convertible into common stock offer the opportunity
for capital  appreciation  as increases  (or  decreases) in market value of such
securities  closely  follows the movements in the market value of the underlying
common stock. Zero coupon  convertible  securities  generally are expected to be
less volatile than the underlying common stocks, as they usually are issued with
maturities  of 15 years or less and are issued with  options  and/or  redemption
features  exercisable  by the holder of the  obligation  entitling the holder to
redeem the obligation and receive a defined cash payment.                       

Zero coupon securities  include securities issued directly by the U.S. Treasury,
and U.S.  Treasury  bonds or notes  and their  unmatured  interest  coupons  and
receipts for their underlying principal ("coupons") which have been separated by
their holder,  typically a custodian bank or investment brokerage firm. A holder
will separate the interest coupons from the underlying  principal (the "corpus")
of the U.S.  Treasury  security.  A number of  securities  firms and banks  have
stripped  the  interest  coupons and  receipts and then resold them in custodial
receipt  programs with a number of different names,  including  "Treasury Income
Growth   Receipts"   (TIGRS(TM))   and  Certificate  of  Accrual  on  Treasuries
(CATS(TM)).  The underlying U.S. Treasury bonds and notes themselves are held in
book-entry form at the Federal Reserve Bank or, in the case of bearer securities
(i.e.,  unregistered  securities  which are owned  ostensibly  by the  bearer or
holder  thereof),  in trust on  behalf of the  owners  thereof.  Counsel  to the
underwriters  of these  certificates or other evidences of ownership of the U.S.
Treasury  securities have stated that, for federal tax and securities  purposes,
in their opinion purchasers of such certificates,  such as the Fund, most likely
will  be  deemed  the  beneficial  holder  of  the  underlying  U.S.  Government

17

P-->497180th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 180th
securities.  The Fund  understands  that the staff of the Division of Investment
Management of the SEC no longer considers such privately stripped obligations to
be U.S. Government securities,  as defined in the 1940 Act; therefore,  the Fund
intends  to adhere to this  staff  position  and will not treat  such  privately
stripped  obligations  to be  U.S.  Government  securities  for the  purpose  of
determining if the Fund is "diversified" under the 1940 Act.                    

The  U.S.  Treasury  has  facilitated  transfers  of  ownership  of zero  coupon
securities by accounting  separately for the beneficial  ownership of particular
interest coupon and corpus payments on Treasury  securities  through the Federal
Reserve  book-entry  record  keeping  system.  The  Federal  Reserve  program as
established by the Treasury Department is known as "STRIPS" or "Separate Trading
of Registered  Interest and Principal of Securities."  Under the STRIPS program,
the Fund will be able to have its beneficial ownership of zero coupon securities
recorded directly in the book-entry  record-keeping  system in lieu of having to
hold  certificates  or other  evidences  of  ownership  of the  underlying  U.S.
Treasury securities.                                                            

When U.S.  Treasury  obligations have been stripped of their unmatured  interest
coupons  by the  holder,  the  principal  or corpus  is sold at a deep  discount
because the buyer  receives  only the right to receive a future fixed payment on
the  security  and does not  receive  any  rights to  periodic  interest  (cash)
payments.  Once  stripped  or  separated,  the  corpus and  coupons  may be sold
separately.  Typically,  the coupons are sold  separately  or grouped with other
coupons with like  maturity  dates and sold bundled in such form.  Purchasers of
stripped  obligations   acquire,  in  effect,   discount  obligations  that  are
economically  identical to the zero coupon  securities  that the Treasury  sells
itself.                                                                         

Strategic  Transactions and Derivatives.  Each Fund may, but is not required to,
utilize various other investment  strategies as described below for a variety of
purposes,  such as hedging various market risks, managing the effective maturity
or duration of fixed-income  securities in each Fund's  portfolio,  or enhancing
potential gain.  These  strategies may be executed through the use of derivative
contracts.                                                                      

In the course of pursuing these investment strategies, the Fund may purchase and
sell  exchange-listed and  over-the-counter  put and call options on securities,
equity and fixed-income indices and other instruments, purchase and sell futures
contracts and options thereon,  enter into various  transactions  such as swaps,
caps, floors, collars,  currency forward contracts,  currency futures contracts,
currency swaps or options on currencies,  or currency  futures and various other
currency  transactions  (collectively,  all  the  above  are  called  "Strategic
Transactions").  In  addition,  strategic  transactions  may  also  include  new
techniques,  instruments or strategies that are permitted as regulatory  changes
occur.  Strategic  Transactions  may be used without  limit  (subject to certain
limitations  imposed by the 1940 Act) to attempt  to  protect  against  possible
changes in the  market  value of  securities  held in or to be  purchased  for a
Fund's  portfolio  resulting from securities  markets or currency  exchange rate
fluctuations, to protect a Fund's unrealized gains in the value of its portfolio
securities,  to facilitate the sale of such securities for investment  purposes,
to manage the  effective  maturity or duration of  fixed-income  securities in a
Fund's  portfolio,  or to establish a position in the  derivatives  markets as a
substitute  for  purchasing or selling  particular  securities.  Some  Strategic
Transactions may also be used to enhance potential gain although no more than 5%
of a Fund's assets will be committed to Strategic  Transactions entered into for
non-hedging  purposes.  Any or all of these investment techniques may be used at
any time  and in any  combination,  and  there is no  particular  strategy  that
dictates the use of one technique  rather than another,  as use of any Strategic
Transaction is a function of numerous variables including market conditions. The
ability of a Fund to utilize  these  Strategic  Transactions  successfully  will
depend on the Advisor's  ability to predict  pertinent market  movements,  which
cannot be assured. Each Fund will comply with applicable regulatory requirements
when  implementing  these  strategies,  techniques  and  instruments.  Strategic
Transactions  will  not be used to alter  fundamental  investment  purposes  and
characteristics of a Fund, and the Fund will segregate assets (or as provided by
applicable  regulations,  enter into certain offsetting  positions) to cover its
obligations under options, futures and swaps to limit leveraging of a Fund.     

Strategic  Transactions,  including derivative contracts,  have risks associated
with them  including  possible  default by the other  party to the  transaction,
illiquidity and, to the extent the Advisor's view as to certain market movements
is incorrect,  the risk that the use of such Strategic Transactions could result
in losses  greater  than if they had not been used.  Use of put and call options
may  result  in  losses  to a Fund,  force  the sale or  purchase  of  portfolio
securities  at  inopportune  times or for prices higher than (in the case of put
options)  or lower than (in the case of call  options)  current  market  values,
limit the amount of  appreciation a Fund can realize on its investments or cause
a Fund  to  hold a  security  it  might  otherwise  sell.  The  use of  currency
transactions  can result in a Fund  incurring  losses as a result of a number of
factors   including  the   imposition  of  exchange   controls,   suspension  of
settlements,  or the inability to deliver or receive a specified  currency.  The
use of  options  and  futures  transactions  entails  certain  other  risks.  In
particular,  the  variable  degree of  correlation  between  price  movements of
futures  contracts and price  movements in the related  portfolio  position of a
Fund  creates  the  possibility  that losses on the  hedging  instrument  may be
greater than gains in the value of a Fund's position.  In addition,  futures and
options   markets   may  not  be  liquid  in  all   circumstances   and  certain
over-the-counter options may                                                    

18

P-->497181st Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 181st
have no markets.  As a result,  in certain markets,  a Fund might not be able to
close  out a  transaction  without  incurring  substantial  losses,  if at  all.
Although the use of futures and options  transactions for hedging should tend to
minimize the risk of loss due to a decline in the value of the hedged  position,
at the same time they tend to limit any  potential  gain which might result from
an increase  in value of such  position.  Finally,  the daily  variation  margin
requirements  for futures  contracts  would create a greater  ongoing  potential
financial risk than would purchases of options, where the exposure is limited to
the cost of the initial  premium.  Losses  resulting  from the use of  Strategic
Transactions  would reduce net asset value, and possibly income, and such losses
can be greater than if the Strategic Transactions had not been utilized.        

General  Characteristics of Options. Put options and call options typically have
similar structural  characteristics and operational  mechanics regardless of the
underlying  instrument on which they are purchased or sold.  Thus, the following
general  discussion relates to each of the particular types of options discussed
in greater  detail below.  In addition,  many Strategic  Transactions  involving
options  require  segregation of Fund assets in special  accounts,  as described
below under "Use of Segregated and Other Special Accounts."                     

A put option gives the purchaser of the option,  upon payment of a premium,  the
right to sell, and the writer the  obligation to buy, the  underlying  security,
commodity,  index,  currency or other  instrument  at the  exercise  price.  For
instance,  a Fund's  purchase of a put option on a security might be designed to
protect its holdings in the underlying  instrument (or, in some cases, a similar
instrument)  against a substantial  decline in the market value by giving a Fund
the right to sell such  instrument at the option  exercise price. A call option,
upon payment of a premium,  gives the  purchaser of the option the right to buy,
and the seller the obligation to sell, the underlying instrument at the exercise
price.  The Fund's  purchase of a call option on a security,  financial  future,
index,  currency  or other  instrument  might be  intended  to protect  the Fund
against an increase in the price of the underlying instrument that it intends to
purchase  in the  future  by  fixing  the  price at which it may  purchase  such
instrument.  An American  style put or call option may be  exercised at any time
during  the  option  period  while a  European  style put or call  option may be
exercised only upon expiration or during a fixed period prior thereto. Each Fund
is authorized to purchase and sell exchange listed options and  over-the-counter
options  ("OTC  options").  Exchange  listed  options  are issued by a regulated
intermediary such as the Options Clearing Corporation ("OCC"),  which guarantees
the  performance  of the  obligations  of  the  parties  to  such  options.  The
discussion  below uses the OCC as an example,  but is also  applicable  to other
financial intermediaries.                                                       

With certain exceptions, OCC issued and exchange listed options generally settle
by physical  delivery of the  underlying  security or currency,  although in the
future cash  settlement  may become  available.  Index  options  and  Eurodollar
instruments are cash settled for the net amount,  if any, by which the option is
"in-the-money"  (i.e., where the value of the underlying  instrument exceeds, in
the case of a call  option,  or is less than,  in the case of a put option,  the
exercise  price of the option) at the time the option is exercised.  Frequently,
rather than taking or making delivery of the underlying  instrument  through the
process of  exercising  the option,  listed  options are closed by entering into
offsetting  purchase or sale transactions that do not result in ownership of the
new option.                                                                     

A Fund's ability to close out its position as a purchaser or seller of an OCC or
exchange listed put or call option is dependent,  in part, upon the liquidity of
the option market. Among the possible reasons for the absence of a liquid option
market on an exchange are: (i) insufficient trading interest in certain options;
(ii) restrictions on transactions  imposed by an exchange;  (iii) trading halts,
suspensions or other restrictions  imposed with respect to particular classes or
series of  options or  underlying  securities  including  reaching  daily  price
limits;  (iv)  interruption of the normal  operations of the OCC or an exchange;
(v) inadequacy of the facilities of an exchange or OCC to handle current trading
volume;  or (vi) a decision by one or more exchanges to discontinue  the trading
of options  (or a  particular  class or series of  options),  in which event the
relevant market for that option on that exchange would cease to exist,  although
outstanding  options on that exchange would generally continue to be exercisable
in accordance with their terms.                                                 

The hours of trading for listed  options may not coincide  with the hours during
which the underlying  financial  instruments are traded.  To the extent that the
option   markets  close  before  the  markets  for  the   underlying   financial
instruments,  significant  price  and  rate  movements  can  take  place  in the
underlying markets that cannot be reflected in the option markets.              

OTC  options  are  purchased  from  or  sold to  securities  dealers,  financial
institutions  or  other  parties  ("Counterparties")  through  direct  bilateral
agreement with the Counterparty.  In contrast to exchange listed options,  which
generally have standardized terms and performance mechanics, all the terms of an
OTC option, including such terms as method of settlement,  term, exercise price,
premium,  guarantees and security,  are set by negotiation of the parties.  Each
Fund will only sell OTC  options  (other  than OTC  currency  options)  that are
subject to a buy-back provision  permitting the Fund to                         

19

P-->497182nd Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 182nd
require the  Counterparty  to sell the option back to a Fund at a formula  price
within seven days.  Each Fund  expects  generally to enter into OTC options that
have cash settlement provisions, although they are not required to do so.       

Unless the  parties  provide  for it,  there is no central  clearing or guaranty
function in an OTC option.  As a result,  if the  Counterparty  fails to make or
take delivery of the security,  currency or other  instrument  underlying an OTC
option  it has  entered  into  with a Fund or  fails  to make a cash  settlement
payment due in  accordance  with the terms of that option,  a Fund will lose any
premium  they paid for the  option  as well as any  anticipated  benefit  of the
transaction.  Accordingly,  the Advisor must assess the creditworthiness of each
such Counterparty or any guarantor or credit  enhancement of the  Counterparty's
credit to  determine  the  likelihood  that the terms of the OTC option  will be
satisfied.  Each Fund  will  engage in OTC  option  transactions  only with U.S.
government securities dealers recognized by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York
as "primary  dealers"  or  broker/dealers,  domestic  or foreign  banks or other
financial  institutions which have received (or the guarantors of the obligation
of which have  received) a short-term  credit rating of A-1 from S&P or P-1 from
Moody's or an  equivalent  rating  from any  nationally  recognized  statistical
rating organization ("NRSRO") or, in the case of OTC currency transactions,  are
determined to be of equivalent  credit quality by the Advisor.  The staff of the
SEC  currently  takes the position that OTC options  purchased by the Fund,  and
portfolio securities "covering" the amount of a Fund's obligation pursuant to an
OTC option sold by it (the cost of the sell-back plus the  in-the-money  amount,
if any) are illiquid,  and are subject to the Fund's  limitation on investing no
more than 15% of its net assets in illiquid securities.                         

If a Fund sells a call  option,  the  premium  that they  receive may serve as a
partial hedge,  to the extent of the option  premium,  against a decrease in the
value of the underlying  securities or  instruments  in their  portfolio or will
increase the Fund's income. The sale of put options can also provide income.    

Each Fund may  purchase  and sell call  options  on  securities  including  U.S.
Treasury and agency securities,  mortgage-backed  securities,  foreign sovereign
debt,  corporate  debt  securities,  equity  securities  (including  convertible
securities)  and  Eurodollar  instruments  that are traded on U.S.  and  foreign
securities  exchanges  and in the  over-the-counter  markets,  and on securities
indices,  currencies and futures  contracts.  All calls sold by the Fund must be
"covered" (i.e., the Fund must own the securities or futures contract subject to
the call) or must meet the asset  segregation  requirements  described  below as
long as the call is  outstanding.  Even  though a Fund will  receive  the option
premium to help  protect  them  against  loss, a call sold by a Fund exposes the
Fund during the term of the option to possible  loss of  opportunity  to realize
appreciation  in the market price of the  underlying  security or instrument and
may require the Fund to hold a security or instrument which they might otherwise
have sold.                                                                      

Each  Fund may  purchase  and sell put  options  on  securities  including  U.S.
Treasury and agency securities,  mortgage-backed  securities,  foreign sovereign
debt,  corporate  debt  securities,  equity  securities  (including  convertible
securities)  and  Eurodollar  instruments  (whether  or not they  hold the above
securities in their  portfolios),  and on  securities  indices,  currencies  and
futures contracts other than futures on individual corporate debt and individual
equity  securities.  Each Fund will not sell put options  if, as a result,  more
than 50% of a Fund's  assets  would be  required to be  segregated  to cover its
potential  obligations  under such put options  other than those with respect to
futures and options thereon. In selling put options, there is a risk that a Fund
may be required to buy the underlying security at a disadvantageous  price above
the market price.                                                               

General  Characteristics of Futures.  Each Fund may enter into futures contracts
or  purchase  or sell put and call  options on such  futures as a hedge  against
anticipated  interest rate, currency or equity market changes,  and for duration
management,  risk  management  and  return  enhancement  purposes.  Futures  are
generally  bought and sold on the  commodities  exchanges  where they are listed
with payment of initial and variation  margin as described  below. The sale of a
futures contract  creates a firm obligation by a Fund, as seller,  to deliver to
the buyer the specific type of financial  instrument  called for in the contract
at a specific  future  time for a  specified  price (or,  with  respect to index
futures and  Eurodollar  instruments,  the net cash amount).  Options on futures
contracts  are  similar  to  options on  securities  except  that an option on a
futures contract gives the purchaser the right in return for the premium paid to
assume a position in a futures contract and obligates the seller to deliver such
position.                                                                       

Each Fund's use of futures and options  thereon will in all cases be  consistent
with  applicable  regulatory  requirements  and  in  particular  the  rules  and
regulations of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission and will be entered into
for bona fide hedging,  risk management (including duration management) or other
portfolio and return enhancement management purposes.  Typically,  maintaining a
futures  contract or selling an option thereon requires a Fund to deposit with a
financial  intermediary  as security  for its  obligations  an amount of cash or
other specified  assets (initial  margin) which initially is typically 1% to 10%
of the face amount of the  contract  (but may be higher in some  circumstances).
Additional  cash or assets  (variation  margin) may be required to be  deposited
thereafter  on a  daily  basis  as the  mark to                                 

20

P-->497183rd Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 183rd
market value of the contract fluctuates.  The purchase of an option on financial
futures  involves  payment  of a premium  for the  option  without  any  further
obligation on the part of the Fund. If the Fund exercises an option on a futures
contract they will be obligated to post initial margin (and potential subsequent
variation  margin) for the resulting futures position just as they would for any
position.  Futures  contracts  and  options  thereon  are  generally  settled by
entering into an offsetting  transaction  but there can be no assurance that the
position can be offset prior to settlement at an  advantageous  price,  nor that
delivery will occur.                                                            

Each Fund will not enter into a futures  contract or related  option (except for
closing transactions) if, immediately  thereafter,  the sum of the amount of its
initial margin and premiums on open futures  contracts and options thereon would
exceed 5% of a Fund's total assets  (taken at current  value);  however,  in the
case of an  option  that  is  in-the-money  at the  time  of the  purchase,  the
in-the-money  amount may be  excluded  in  calculating  the 5%  limitation.  The
segregation  requirements  with respect to futures contracts and options thereon
are described below.                                                            

Options on Securities  Indices and Other Financial  Indices.  Each Fund also may
purchase and sell call and put options on securities indices and other financial
indices and in so doing can achieve many of the same objectives it would achieve
through  the sale or  purchase  of options  on  individual  securities  or other
instruments.  Options on  securities  indices  and other  financial  indices are
similar to options on a security or other  instrument  except that,  rather than
settling by physical delivery of the underlying instrument,  they settle by cash
settlement,  i.e.,  an option on an index gives the holder the right to receive,
upon exercise of the option, an amount of cash if the closing level of the index
upon which the option is based exceeds,  in the case of a call, or is less than,
in the case of a put, the exercise  price of the option  (except if, in the case
of an OTC option, physical delivery is specified).  This amount of cash is equal
to the excess of the closing  price of the index over the exercise  price of the
option,  which  also may be  multiplied  by a formula  value.  The seller of the
option is  obligated,  in return for the premium  received,  to make delivery of
this  amount.  The  gain or loss on an  option  on an  index  depends  on  price
movements in the instruments making up the market,  market segment,  industry or
other  composite  on which the  underlying  index is based,  rather  than  price
movements in  individual  securities,  as is the case with respect to options on
securities.                                                                     

Risks of Strategic  Transactions  outside the U.S.  When  conducted  outside the
U.S., Strategic  Transactions may not be regulated as rigorously as in the U.S.,
may not involve a clearing mechanism and related guarantees,  and are subject to
the risk of governmental actions affecting trading in, or the prices of, foreign
securities,  currencies and other instruments.  The value of such positions also
could be adversely affected by: (i) other complex foreign  political,  legal and
economic factors,  (ii) lesser availability than in the U.S. of data on which to
make trading  decisions,  (iii) delays in a Fund's  ability to act upon economic
events occurring in foreign markets during  non-business hours in the U.S., (iv)
the  imposition of different  exercise and  settlement  terms and procedures and
margin  requirements  than  in the  U.S.,  and  (v)  lower  trading  volume  and
liquidity.                                                                      

Combined Transactions. Each Fund may enter into multiple transactions, including
multiple options transactions,  multiple futures transactions, multiple currency
transactions  (including forward currency  contracts) and multiple interest rate
transactions and any combination of futures, options, currency and interest rate
transactions   ("component"   transactions),   instead  of  a  single  Strategic
Transaction,  as part of a single or combined  strategy  when, in the opinion of
the  Advisor,  it is in the best  interests  of that  Fund to do so. A  combined
transaction  will usually  contain  elements of risk that are present in each of
its component transactions.  Although combined transactions are normally entered
into based on the Advisor's  judgment that the combined  strategies  will reduce
risk or otherwise  more  effectively  achieve the desired  portfolio  management
goal, it is possible that the  combination  will instead  increase such risks or
hinder achievement of the portfolio management objective.                       

Swaps, Caps, Floors and Collars. Among the Strategic Transactions into which the
Funds may enter  are  interest  rate,  currency,  index and other  swaps and the
purchase or sale of related caps, floors and collars.  The Fund expects to enter
into these transactions primarily to preserve a return or spread on a particular
investment  or  portion  of  its   portfolio,   to  protect   against   currency
fluctuations,  as a duration  management  technique  or to protect  against  any
increase in the price of securities the Funds  anticipate  purchasing at a later
date. The Funds will not sell interest rate caps or floors where they do not own
securities  or other  instruments  providing  the income  stream the Fund may be
obligated  to pay.  Interest  rate swaps  involve  the  exchange  by a Fund with
another party of their respective commitments to pay or receive interest,  e.g.,
an exchange of floating  rate payments for fixed rate payments with respect to a
notional  amount of principal.  A currency swap is an agreement to exchange cash
flows on a notional amount of two or more currencies based on the relative value
differential among them, and an index swap is an agreement to swap cash flows on
a notional amount based on changes in the values of the reference  indices.  The
purchase  of a cap  entitles  the  purchaser  to receive  payments on a notional
principal  amount from the party selling such cap to the extent that a specified
index exceeds a predetermined  interest rate or amount.  The purchase of a floor
entitles the purchaser to receive  payments on a notional                       

21

P-->497184th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 184th
principal  amount  from  the  party  selling  such  floor to the  extent  that a
specified index falls below a predetermined interest rate or amount. A collar is
a  combination  of a cap and a floor that  preserves a certain  return  within a
predetermined range of interest rates or values.                                

A Fund will  usually  enter  into swaps on a net basis,  i.e.,  the two  payment
streams  are  netted  out in a cash  settlement  on the  payment  date or  dates
specified in the instrument,  with the Fund receiving or paying, as the case may
be, only the net amount of the two payments.  Inasmuch as a Fund will  segregate
assets (or enter into  offsetting  positions) to cover their  obligations  under
swaps,  the Advisor and the Fund believes  such  obligations  do not  constitute
senior  securities under the 1940 Act and,  accordingly,  will not treat them as
being subject to their  borrowing  restrictions.  A Fund will not enter into any
swap, cap, floor or collar transaction unless, at the time of entering into such
transaction, the unsecured long-term debt of the Counterparty, combined with any
credit enhancements,  is rated at least A by S&P or Moody's or has an equivalent
rating from a NRSRO or is determined to be of equivalent  credit  quality by the
Advisor. If there is a default by the Counterparty,  a Fund may have contractual
remedies pursuant to the agreements related to the transaction.  The swap market
has  grown  substantially  in  recent  years  with a large  number  of banks and
investment  banking  firms  acting both as  principals  and as agents  utilizing
standardized  swap  documentation.  As a  result,  the swap  market  has  become
relatively  liquid.  Caps,  floors and collars are more recent  innovations  for
which  standardized   documentation  has  not  yet  been  fully  developed  and,
accordingly, they are less liquid than swaps.                                   

Use of Segregated and Other Special Accounts.  Many Strategic  Transactions,  in
addition to other  requirements,  require that a Fund  segregate  cash or liquid
assets with its  custodian  to the extent  Fund  obligations  are not  otherwise
"covered" through ownership of the underlying security,  financial instrument or
currency.  In general,  either the full amount of any  obligation by the Fund to
pay or  deliver  securities  or  assets  must be  covered  at all  times  by the
securities, instruments or currency required to be delivered, or, subject to any
regulatory  restrictions,  an amount of cash or liquid  assets at least equal to
the current amount of the obligation must be segregated with the custodian.  The
segregated  assets cannot be sold or transferred  unless  equivalent  assets are
substituted in their place or it is no longer  necessary to segregate  them. For
example,  a call  option  written  by a Fund will  require  the Fund to hold the
securities  subject  to the  call (or  securities  convertible  into the  needed
securities  without  additional  consideration)  or to segregate  cash or liquid
assets  sufficient  to  purchase  and  deliver  the  securities  if the  call is
exercised. A call option sold by a Fund on an index will require the Fund to own
portfolio  securities  which  correlate  with the index or to segregate  cash or
liquid assets equal to the excess of the index value over the exercise  price on
a current  basis.  A put option written by a Fund requires the Fund to segregate
cash or liquid assets equal to the exercise price.                              

Except when a Fund enters into a forward  contract for the purchase or sale of a
security denominated in a particular currency, which requires no segregation,  a
currency  contract which obligates a Fund to buy or sell currency will generally
require the Fund to hold an amount of that currency or liquid assets denominated
in that currency equal to the Fund's  obligations or to segregate cash or liquid
assets equal to the amount of the Fund's obligation.                            

OTC options  entered into by a Fund,  including  those on securities,  currency,
financial  instruments  or  indices  and OCC issued and  exchange  listed  index
options,  will generally provide for cash settlement.  As a result,  when a Fund
sells  these  instruments  it will  only  segregate  an amount of cash or liquid
assets  equal to its accrued net  obligations,  as there is no  requirement  for
payment or delivery of amounts in excess of the net amount.  These  amounts will
equal 100% of the exercise price in the case of a non cash-settled put, the same
as an OCC guaranteed  listed option sold by a Fund, or the  in-the-money  amount
plus any sell-back  formula amount in the case of a cash-settled put or call. In
addition,  when a Fund  sells a call  option  on an  index  at a time  when  the
in-the-money amount exceeds the exercise price, a Fund will segregate, until the
option expires or is closed out, cash or cash equivalents equal in value to such
excess.  OCC issued and exchange  listed options sold by a Fund other than those
above  generally  settle with physical  delivery,  or with an election of either
physical  delivery or cash  settlement  and the Fund will segregate an amount of
cash or  liquid  assets  equal to the  full  value of the  option.  OTC  options
settling with physical delivery, or with an election of either physical delivery
or cash  settlement  will be treated  the same as other  options  settling  with
physical delivery.                                                              

In the case of a futures  contract  or an option  thereon,  a Fund must  deposit
initial  margin and possible daily  variation  margin in addition to segregating
cash or liquid assets sufficient to meet their obligation to purchase or provide
securities  or  currencies,  or to pay the amount owed at the  expiration  of an
index-based  futures  contract.  Such liquid  assets may  consist of cash,  cash
equivalents, liquid debt or equity securities or other acceptable assets.       

With respect to swaps, a Fund will accrue the net amount of the excess,  if any,
of their  obligations over its entitlements with respect to each swap on a daily
basis and will segregate an amount of cash or liquid assets having a value equal
to the accrued excess.  Caps,  floors and collars require  segregation of assets
with a value equal to a Fund's net obligation, if any.                          

22

P-->497185th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 185th
Strategic  Transactions  may be covered  by other  means  when  consistent  with
applicable   regulatory   policies.  A  Fund  may  also  enter  into  offsetting
transactions so that its combined position,  coupled with any segregated assets,
equals  its  net  outstanding   obligation  in  related  options  and  Strategic
Transactions.  For  example,  a Fund  could  purchase a put option if the strike
price of that option is the same or higher than the strike price of a put option
sold by a Fund. Moreover, instead of segregating cash or liquid assets if a Fund
held a futures or forward  contract,  it could purchase a put option on the same
futures or forward contract with a strike price as high or higher than the price
of the  contract  held.  Other  Strategic  Transactions  may also be  offset  in
combinations.  If the offsetting  transaction terminates at the time of or after
the primary  transaction no segregation is required,  but if it terminates prior
to such time, cash or liquid assets equal to any remaining obligation would need
to be segregated.                                                               

Each Fund's activities  involving  Strategic  Transactions may be limited by the
requirements  of  Subchapter M of the Internal  Revenue Code of 1986, as amended
(the "Code") for qualification as a regulated investment company.               

Portfolio Turnover                                                              

Each Fund's average annual portfolio turnover rate is the ratio of the lesser of
sales or  purchases to the monthly  average  value of the  portfolio  securities
owned during the year,  excluding all securities  with  maturities or expiration
dates at the time of acquisition of one year or less. For the fiscal years ended
August 31, 2000 and August 31, 2001, Global Fund's portfolio turnover rates were
60% and 40%, respectively.                                                      

For the fiscal years ended  August 31, 2000 and August 31,  2001,  International
Fund's portfolio turnover rates were 83% and 85%, respectively.                 

Purchases  and  sales are made for a Fund's  portfolio  whenever  necessary,  in
management's opinion, to meet that Fund's objective.                            

 MANAGEMENT OF THE FUNDS

Investment Advisor                                                              

Zurich   Scudder   Investments,   Inc.,   Two   International   Place,   Boston,
Massachusetts,  an investment  counsel firm, acts as investment  advisor to each
Fund. This organization,  the predecessor of which is Scudder,  Stevens & Clark,
Inc., ("Scudder") is one of the most experienced investment counsel firms in the
U. S. It was  established as a partnership in 1919 and pioneered the practice of
providing  investment  counsel to individual  clients on a fee basis. In 1928 it
introduced  the first  no-load  mutual fund to the  public.  In 1953 the Advisor
introduced Scudder  International Fund, Inc., the first mutual fund available in
the U.S.  investing  internationally in securities of issuers in several foreign
countries.  The predecessor firm reorganized from a partnership to a corporation
on June 28, 1985.  On June 26,  1997,  Scudder  entered  into an agreement  with
Zurich Insurance Company ("Zurich")  pursuant to which Scudder and Zurich agreed
to form an alliance.  On December 31, 1997,  Zurich acquired a majority interest
in Scudder,  and Zurich Kemper  Investments,  Inc., a Zurich subsidiary,  became
part of Scudder.  Shudder's name has been changed to Scudder Kemper Investments,
Inc. On September 7, 1998,  the  businesses  of Zurich  (including  Zurich's 70%
interest  in Scudder  Kemper) and the  financial  services  businesses  of B.A.T
Industries  p.l.c.  ("B.A.T")  were combined to form a new global  insurance and
financial services company known as Zurich Financial Services Group. By way of a
dual holding  company  structure,  former Zurich  shareholders  initially  owned
approximately 57% of Zurich Financial Services Group, with the balance initially
owned by former  B.A.T  shareholders.  On October  17,  2000,  the dual  holding
company structure of Zurich Financial Services Group, comprised of Allied Zurich
p.l.c. in the United Kingdom and Zurich Allied A.G. in Switzerland,  was unified
into a single Swiss holding company,  Zurich Financial  Services.  On January 1,
2001,  the Advisor  changed its name from Scudder  Kemper  Investments,  Inc. to
Zurich Scudder Investments, Inc.                                                

Founded in 1872, Zurich is a multinational,  public corporation  organized under
the laws of  Switzerland.  Its home  office is  located  at  Mythenquai  2, 8002
Zurich,  Switzerland.  Historically,  Zurich's  earnings  have resulted from its
operations as an insurer as well as from its ownership of its  subsidiaries  and
affiliated  companies  (the  "Zurich  Insurance  Group").  Zurich and the Zurich
Insurance  Group provide an extensive  range of insurance  products and services
and have branch offices and  subsidiaries  in more than 40 countries  throughout
the world.                                                                      

The principal source of the Advisor's income is professional  fees received from
providing  continuous  investment  advice,  and the firm  derives no income from
brokerage or underwriting of securities.  Today it provides  investment  counsel
for                                                                             

23

P-->497186th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 186th
many individuals and institutions,  including  insurance  companies,  industrial
corporations,  and  financial  and banking  organizations,  as well as providing
investment advice to over 280 open and closed-end mutual funds.                 

The Advisor  maintains a large research  department,  which conducts  continuous
studies of the factors that affect the position of various industries, companies
and  individual   securities.   The  Advisor  receives   published  reports  and
statistical  compilations  from issuers and other  sources,  as well as analyses
from  brokers  and  dealers  who  may  execute  portfolio  transactions  for the
Advisor's clients. However, the Advisor regards this information and material as
an  adjunct  to  its  own  research  activities.   The  Advisor's  international
investment  management team travels the world researching hundreds of companies.
In  selecting  securities  in which the Fund may  invest,  the  conclusions  and
investment decisions of the Advisor with respect to the Fund are based primarily
on the analyses of its own research department.                                 

Certain  investments  may be  appropriate  for a Fund and also for other clients
advised by the Advisor.  Investment  decisions  for a Fund and other clients are
made with a view to achieving their respective  investment  objectives and after
consideration  of such factors as their current  holdings,  availability of cash
for  investment  and the  size of their  investments  generally.  Frequently,  a
particular  security  may be bought or sold for only one client or in  different
amounts  and at  different  times for more  than one but less than all  clients.
Likewise,  a particular  security may be bought for one or more clients when one
or more other clients are selling the security. In addition,  purchases or sales
of the same  security  may be made for two or more  clients on the same day.  In
such event,  such  transactions  will be allocated among the clients in a manner
believed by the Advisor to be equitable to each. In some cases,  this  procedure
could have an adverse effect on the price or amount of the securities  purchased
or sold by a Fund.  Purchase  and sale  orders for a Fund may be  combined  with
those of other  clients of the  Advisor in the  interest of  achieving  the most
favorable net results to the Fund.                                              

In certain cases, the investments for a Fund are managed by the same individuals
who manage one or more other  mutual  funds  advised by the  Advisor,  that have
similar names,  objectives and investment  styles.  You should be aware that the
Funds are likely to differ  from these  other  mutual  funds in size,  cash flow
pattern and tax matters.  Accordingly, the holdings and performance of the Funds
can be expected to vary from those of these other mutual funds.                 

Upon  consummation  of the  transaction  between  Zurich and B.A.T,  each Fund's
existing investment  management agreement with Scudder Kemper was deemed to have
been assigned and, therefore,  terminated. The Board approved the new investment
management agreement with Scudder Kemper,  which was substantially  identical to
the prior investment management agreement,  except for the date of execution and
termination.                                                                    

An amended and restated investment management agreement (the "Agreement") became
effective on September 11, 2000 was most  recently  approved by the Directors on
August 13, 2001,  and will  continue in effect  until  September  30, 2002.  The
Agreement  will  continue  in effect  from year to year  thereafter  only if its
continuance  is approved  annually by the vote of a majority of those  Directors
who are not parties to such  Agreement or  interested  persons of the Advisor or
the Fund,  cast in person at a meeting  called for the purpose of voting on such
approval,  and either by a vote of the Corporation's  Directors or of a majority
of  the  outstanding  voting  securities  of  the  Fund.  The  Agreement  may be
terminated at any time without payment of penalty by either party on sixty days'
written notice and automatically terminates in the event of its assignment.     

Under the Agreement,  the Advisor  regularly  provides the Fund with  continuing
investment  management  for the  Fund's  portfolio  consistent  with the  Fund's
investment  objective,  policies and restrictions and determines what securities
shall be purchased,  held or sold and what portion of the Fund's assets shall be
held  uninvested,  subject  to  the  Corporation's  Articles  of  Incorporation,
By-Laws, the 1940 Act, the Code and to the Fund's investment objective, policies
and restrictions, and subject, further, to such policies and instructions as the
Board of  Directors  of the  Corporation  may from time to time  establish.  The
Advisor also advises and assists the officers of the  Corporation in taking such
steps  as are  necessary  or  appropriate  to  carry  out the  decisions  of its
Directors and the appropriate  committees of the Directors regarding the conduct
of the business of the Fund.                                                    

Under the Agreement,  the Advisor renders  significant  administrative  services
(not otherwise provided by third parties) necessary for the Fund's operations as
an open-end investment company including,  but not limited to, preparing reports
and  notices  to  the  Directors  and  shareholders;   supervising,  negotiating
contractual  arrangements  with,  and  monitoring  various  third-party  service
providers  to the Fund  (such as the  Fund's  transfer  agent,  pricing  agents,
Custodian,  accountants  and others);  preparing and making filings with the SEC
and other  regulatory  agencies;  assisting in the preparation and filing of the
Fund's  federal,  state and local tax returns;  preparing  and filing the Fund's
federal  excise tax  returns;  assisting  with  investor  and  public  relations
matters; monitoring the valuation of securities and the calculation of          

24

P-->497187th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 187th
net asset  value;  monitoring  the  registration  of  shares  of the Fund  under
applicable  federal and state securities laws;  maintaining the Fund's books and
records to the extent not otherwise  maintained  by a third party;  assisting in
establishing  accounting  policies of the Fund;  assisting in the  resolution of
accounting and legal issues;  establishing  and monitoring the Fund's  operating
budget;  processing the payment of the Fund's bills;  assisting the Fund in, and
otherwise  arranging  for,  the  payment of  distributions  and  dividends;  and
otherwise  assisting  the Fund in the  conduct of its  business,  subject to the
direction and control of the Directors.                                         

The Advisor pays the  compensation  and expenses of all Directors,  officers and
executive  employees  (except  expenses  incurred  attending Board and committee
meetings  outside  New  York,  New  York;  Boston,  Massachusetts  and  Chicago,
Illinois) of the Fund affiliated with the Advisor and makes  available,  without
expense  to the  Corporation,  the  services  of such  Directors,  officers  and
employees  of the Advisor as may duly be elected  officers or  Directors  of the
Corporation, subject to their individual consent to serve and to any limitations
imposed by law, and provides the Fund's office space and facilities.            

Scudder Global Fund                                                             

For these  services,  under the current  Agreement  between  Global Fund and the
Advisor,  effective  September 11, 2000,  the  management  fee payable under the
Agreement  is equal to an annual  rate of 1.00% on the  first  $500  million  of
average  daily net assets,  0.95% on such net assets in excess of $500  million,
0.90% on such net  assets in excess of $1  billion,  0.85% on such net assets in
excess of $1.5 billion and 0.80% on such net assets in excess of $2 billion. For
the fiscal year ended August 31, 2001, the Fund  aggregated fees of $13,563,178,
which was equivalent to an annual  effective rate of 0.96% of the Fund's average
daily net assets.                                                               

For these advisory services,  under the prior Agreement,  effective September 7,
1998 until September 11, 2000, Global Fund paid the Advisor a fee equal to 1.00%
on the first $500 million of average daily net assets,  0.95% on such net assets
in excess of $500 million,  0.90% on such net assets in excess of $1 billion and
0.85% on such net assets in excess of $1.5 billion.  The fee is payable monthly,
provided  the Fund will make such  interim  payments as may be  requested by the
Advisor not to exceed 75% of the amount of the fee then  accrued on the books of
the Fund and unpaid.                                                            

Accordingly,  under these agreements the investment  advisory fee for the fiscal
year ended June 30, 1999 was  $14,936,557.  For the two months  ended August 31,
1999,  the  investment  advisory  fee  pursuant  to the  Agreement  amounted  to
$2,547,570.  For the fiscal year ended August 31, 2000, the investment  advisory
fees were $14,778,270.                                                          

Scudder International Fund                                                      

An amended and restated  investment  management  agreement (the "Agreement") was
most recently  approved by the Directors on August 13, 2001 and at a shareholder
meeting  held on July 13,  2000 and became  effective  on August 14,  2000.  The
Agreement  will continue in effect until  September 30, 2002. The Agreement will
continue in effect until from year to year thereafter only if its continuance is
approved  annually  by the vote of a  majority  of those  Directors  who are not
parties to such Agreement or interested persons of the Advisor or the Fund, cast
in person at a meeting  called for the purpose of voting on such  approval,  and
either  by a  vote  of  the  Corporation's  Directors  or of a  majority  of the
outstanding  voting  securities of the Fund.  The Agreement may be terminated at
any time  without  payment  of penalty by either  party on sixty  days'  written
notice and automatically terminates in the event of its assignment.             

Under the Agreement,  the Advisor  regularly  provides the Fund with  continuing
investment  management  for the  Fund's  portfolio  consistent  with the  Fund's
investment  objective,  policies and restrictions and determines what securities
shall be purchased,  held or sold and what portion of the Fund's assets shall be
held  uninvested,  subject  to  the  Corporation's  Articles  of  Incorporation,
By-Laws, the 1940 Act, the Code and to the Fund's investment objective, policies
and restrictions, and subject, further, to such policies and instructions as the
Board of  Directors  of the  Corporation  may from time to time  establish.  The
Advisor also advises and assists the officers of the  Corporation in taking such
steps  as are  necessary  or  appropriate  to  carry  out the  decisions  of its
Directors and the appropriate  committees of the Directors regarding the conduct
of the business of the Fund.                                                    

Under the Agreement,  the Advisor renders  significant  administrative  services
(not otherwise provided by third parties) necessary for the Fund's operations as
an open-end investment company including,  but not limited to, preparing reports
and  notices  to  the  Directors  and  shareholders;   supervising,  negotiating
contractual  arrangements  with,  and  monitoring  various  third-party  service
providers  to the Fund  (such as the  Fund's  transfer  agent,  pricing  agents,
Custodian,  accountants  and others);  preparing and making filings with the SEC
and other  regulatory  agencies;  assisting in the preparation and filing of the
Fund's  federal,  state and local tax returns;  preparing  and filing the Fund's
federal  excise tax                                                             

25

P-->497188th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 188th
returns;  assisting with investor and public relations  matters;  monitoring the
valuation of securities and the  calculation of net asset value;  monitoring the
registration of shares of the Fund under applicable federal and state securities
laws;  maintaining  the Fund's  books and  records  to the extent not  otherwise
maintained by a third party;  assisting in establishing  accounting  policies of
the  Fund;   assisting  in  the  resolution  of  accounting  and  legal  issues;
establishing and monitoring the Fund's operating budget;  processing the payment
of the Fund's bills;  assisting the Fund in, and  otherwise  arranging  for, the
payment of distributions and dividends;  and otherwise assisting the Fund in the
conduct of its business, subject to the direction and control of the Directors. 

The Advisor pays the  compensation  and expenses of all Directors,  officers and
executive  employees  (except  expenses  incurred  attending Board and committee
meetings  outside  New  York,  New  York;  Boston,  Massachusetts  and  Chicago,
Illinois) of the Fund affiliated with the Advisor and makes  available,  without
expense  to the  Corporation,  the  services  of such  Directors,  officers  and
employees  of the Advisor as may duly be elected  officers or  Directors  of the
Corporation, subject to their individual consent to serve and to any limitations
imposed by law, and provides the Fund's office space and facilities.            

For these  services as of August 14, 2000,  the management fee payable under the
Agreement  is equal to an  annual  rate of 0.675%  on the  first $6  billion  of
average daily net assets,  0.625% on the next $1 billion of such net assets, and
0.600% of such net assets in excess of $7 billion,  computed  and accrued  daily
and payable  monthly.  For the year ended August 31, 2001,  the fees pursuant to
the Management  Agreement  amounted to  $28,435,700,  which was equivalent to an
annual effective rate of 0.675% of the Fund's average daily net assets.         

Under the  Agreement  between the Fund and the Advisor,  effective  September 7,
1998 until August 14, 2000,  the  management fee payable under the Agreement was
equal to an annual  rate of  approximately  0.90% of the first  $500,000,000  of
average  daily net assets,  0.85% of the next  $500,000,000  of such net assets,
0.80%  of the  next  $1,000,000,000  of  such  net  assets,  0.75%  of the  next
$1,000,000,000  of such net  assets,  and 0.70% of such net  assets in excess of
$3,000,000,000, computed and accrued daily and payable monthly.                 

Accordingly,  for the year ended August 31, 2000, the  investment  advisory fees
amounted to  $36,335,757.  For the five months ended  August 31,  1999,  the net
investment advisory fees were $11,269,103.  The net investment advisory fees for
the fiscal year ended March 31, 1999 was $23,819,941.                           

Under each  Agreement  each Fund is  responsible  for all of its other  expenses
including:  organizational  costs, fees and expenses incurred in connection with
membership in investment company  organizations;  brokers'  commissions;  legal,
auditing and  accounting  expenses;  taxes and  governmental  fees; the fees and
expenses of the Transfer Agent; any other expenses of issue, sale, underwriting,
distribution,  redemption or repurchase of shares;  the expenses of and the fees
for  registering  or qualifying  securities  for sale;  the fees and expenses of
Directors,  officers and employees of each Fund who are not affiliated  with the
Advisor;   the  cost  of  printing  and  distributing  reports  and  notices  to
stockholders;  and the fees  and  disbursements  of  custodians.  Each  Fund may
arrange  to have  third  parties  assume  all or part of the  expenses  of sale,
underwriting  and  distribution  of  shares  of the  Fund.  Each  Fund  is  also
responsible for its expenses of shareholders'  meetings,  the cost of responding
to  shareholders'  inquiries,  and its  expenses  incurred  in  connection  with
litigation,  proceedings  and  claims  and the legal  obligation  it may have to
indemnify its officers and Directors of the Fund with respect thereto.          

Each Agreement identifies the Advisor as the exclusive licensee of the rights to
use and sublicense the names "Scudder," "Zurich Scudder  Investments,  Inc." and
"Scudder,  Stevens and Clark, Inc." (together,  the "Scudder Marks"). Under this
license,  each  Corporation,  with respect to each Fund,  has the  non-exclusive
right to use and  sublicense the Scudder name and marks as part of its name, and
to use the Scudder Marks in each Corporation's investment products and services.

In reviewing  the terms of each  Agreement and in  discussions  with the Advisor
concerning  such  Agreement,  the  Directors  of  each  Corporation  who are not
"interested  persons" of the Advisor are  represented by independent  counsel at
each Fund's expense.                                                            

Each  Agreement  provides  that the Advisor shall not be liable for any error of
judgment or mistake of law or for any loss  suffered by each Fund in  connection
with  matters to which each  Agreement  relates,  except a loss  resulting  from
willful misfeasance, bad faith or gross negligence on the part of the Advisor in
the  performance of its duties or from reckless  disregard by the Advisor of its
obligations and duties under each Agreement.                                    

26

P-->497189th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 189th
Officers and  employees  of the Advisor from time to time may have  transactions
with various  banks,  including the Fund's  custodian  bank. It is the Advisor's
opinion that the terms and conditions of those  transactions which have occurred
were  not   influenced  by  existing  or  potential   custodial  or  other  Fund
relationships.                                                                  

The Advisor may serve as advisor to other funds with  investment  objectives and
policies  similar  to those of the Funds  that may have  different  distribution
arrangements or expenses, which may affect performance.                         

None of the officers or Directors of the  Corporation may have dealings with the
Funds as principals in the purchase or sale of securities,  except as individual
subscribers to or holders of Shares of the Funds.                               

The term Scudder  Investments is the designation  given to the services provided
by Zurich Scudder Investments,  Inc. and its affiliates to the Scudder Family of
Funds.                                                                          

AMA InvestmentLink(SM) Program                                                  

Pursuant  to an  Agreement  between  the  Advisor  and AMA  Solutions,  Inc.,  a
subsidiary of the American Medical  Association (the "AMA"),  dated May 9, 1997,
the Advisor has agreed,  subject to  applicable  state  regulations,  to pay AMA
Solutions,  Inc.  royalties  in an  amount  equal  to 5% of the  management  fee
received  by the  Advisor  with  respect to assets  invested  by AMA  members in
Scudder funds in connection with the AMA InvestmentLink(SM) Program. The Advisor
will also pay AMA Solutions, Inc. a general monthly fee, currently in the amount
of $833.  The AMA and AMA  Solutions,  Inc.  are not engaged in the  business of
providing  investment advice and neither is registered as an investment  advisor
or broker/dealer  under federal  securities laws. Any person who participates in
the AMA  InvestmentLink(SM)  Program  will be a customer of the Advisor (or of a
subsidiary   thereof)   and   not   the   AMA  or  AMA   Solutions,   Inc.   AMA
InvestmentLink(SM) is a service mark of AMA Solutions, Inc.                     

Code of Ethics                                                                  

The Funds,  the Advisor and  principal  underwriter  have each adopted  codes of
ethics under rule 17j-1 of the Investment  Company Act. Board members,  officers
of the Corporations  and employees of the Advisor and the principal  underwriter
are permitted to make personal securities  transactions,  including transactions
in  securities  that  may  be  purchased  or  held  by  each  Fund,  subject  to
requirements and  restrictions  set forth in the applicable Code of Ethics.  The
Advisor's  Code of Ethics  contains  provisions  and  requirements  designed  to
identify and address certain  conflicts of interest between personal  investment
activities  and the interests of each Fund.  Among other  things,  the Advisor's
Code of Ethics  prohibits  certain types of transactions  absent prior approval,
imposes  time  periods  during which  personal  transactions  may not be made in
certain   securities,   and  requires  the   submission   of  duplicate   broker
confirmations  and quarterly  reporting of securities  transactions.  Additional
restrictions apply to portfolio managers,  traders, research analysts and others
involved  in the  investment  advisory  process.  Exceptions  to these and other
provisions  of the  Advisor's  Code  of  Ethics  may be  granted  in  particular
circumstances after review by appropriate personnel.                            

Brokerage Commissions                                                           

Allocation of brokerage may be placed by the Advisor.                           

The primary objective of the Advisor in placing orders for the purchase and sale
of securities for each Fund is to obtain the most favorable net results,  taking
into account such factors as price, commission where applicable,  size of order,
difficulty of execution and skill required of the executing  broker/dealer.  The
Advisor seeks to evaluate the overall  reasonableness  of brokerage  commissions
paid (to the extent applicable)  through the familiarity of the Distributor with
commissions  charged  on  comparable  transactions,  as  well  as  by  comparing
commissions paid by the Fund to reported commissions paid by others. The Advisor
routinely reviews commission rates,  execution and settlement services performed
and makes internal and external comparisons.                                    

Each Fund's purchases and sales of fixed-income  securities are generally placed
by the Advisor with primary  market makers for these  securities on a net basis,
without any brokerage  commission being paid by the Fund. Trading does, however,
involve  transaction costs.  Transactions with dealers serving as primary market
makers  reflect  the  spread  between  the bid and asked  prices.  Purchases  of
underwritten  issues may be made, which will include an underwriting fee paid to
the underwriter.                                                                

27

P-->497190th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 190th
When it can be done consistently with the policy of obtaining the most favorable
net  results,   it  is  the  Advisor's   practice  to  place  such  orders  with
broker/dealers  who supply research,  market and statistical  information to the
Advisor or each Fund. The term  "research  services"  includes  advice as to the
value of securities;  the  advisability  of investing in,  purchasing or selling
securities;   the  availability  of  securities  or  purchasers  or  sellers  of
securities; and analyses and reports concerning issuers, industries, securities,
economic factors and trends, portfolio strategy and the performance of accounts.
The Advisor is authorized when placing  portfolio  transactions,  if applicable,
for each Fund to pay a  brokerage  commission  in excess of that  which  another
broker might charge for executing the same  transaction  on account of execution
services  and the receipt of  research  services.  The  Advisor  has  negotiated
arrangements,  which are not applicable to most fixed-income transactions,  with
certain  broker/dealers  pursuant to which a broker/dealer will provide research
services,  to the  Advisor or each Fund in  exchange  for the  direction  by the
Advisor of  brokerage  transactions  to the  broker/dealer.  These  arrangements
regarding  receipt  of  research  services  generally  apply to equity  security
transactions.  The Advisor may place  orders with a  broker/dealer  on the basis
that the  broker/dealer  has or has not sold shares of each Fund.  In  effecting
transactions  in  over-the-counter  securities,   orders  are  placed  with  the
principal  market makers for the security being traded unless,  after exercising
care, it appears that more favorable results are available elsewhere.           

To the  maximum  extent  feasible,  it is expected  that the Advisor  will place
orders  for  portfolio   transactions  through  the  Distributor,   which  is  a
corporation  registered as a broker/dealer and a subsidiary of the Advisor;  the
Distributor will place orders on behalf of each Fund with issuers,  underwriters
or other brokers and dealers.  The Distributor  will not receive any commission,
fee or other remuneration from each Fund for this service.                      

Although   certain   research,   market   and   statistical   information   from
broker/dealers may be useful to each Fund and to the Advisor,  it is the opinion
of the Advisor that such  information  only  supplements its own research effort
since the  information  must still be  analyzed,  weighed  and  reviewed  by the
Advisor's  staff.  Such  information  may be useful to the Advisor in  providing
services to clients other than the Fund and not all such  information is used by
the Advisor in connection with the Fund.  Conversely,  such information provided
to the  Advisor by  broker/dealers  through  whom other  clients of the  Advisor
effect  securities  transactions  may be  useful  to the  Advisor  in  providing
services to each Fund.                                                          

The Directors of the Fund review from time to time whether the recapture for the
benefit of the Fund of some portion of the brokerage commissions or similar fees
paid by the Fund on portfolio transactions is legally permissible and advisable.

Scudder Global Fund                                                             

For the fiscal years ended  August 31, 2000 and June 30, 1999,  Global Fund paid
brokerage commissions of $2,263,550 and $2,425,890, respectively.               

For  the  fiscal  year  ended  August  31,  2001,  Global  Fund  paid  brokerage
commissions of $1,370,386.  $752,878  (54.94% of the total brokerage paid by the
Fund) resulted from orders placed,  consistent  with the policy of obtaining the
most  favorable  results,  with brokers and dealers who  provided  supplementary
research,  market and  statistical  information to the Fund or the Advisor.  The
total  amount of  brokerage  transactions  aggregated  $1,585,305,267,  of which
$793,076,305  (50.03% of all brokerage  transactions)  were  transactions  which
included research commissions.                                                  

Scudder International Fund                                                      

For the fiscal  year ended March 31,  1999,  International  Fund paid  brokerage
commissions  of  $9,926,570.  For the five months  ended August 31, 1999 and the
fiscal  year ended  August 31,  2000,  the Fund paid  brokerage  commissions  of
$4,793,969 and $14,867,810, respectively.                                       

For the fiscal year ended August 31,  2001,  International  Fund paid  brokerage
commissions of  $11,244,046.  $5,363,294  (47.70% of the total brokerage paid by
the Fund) resulted from orders placed,  consistent  with the policy of obtaining
the most favorable results, with brokers and dealers who provided  supplementary
research,  market and  statistical  information to the Fund or the Advisor.  The
total  amount of  brokerage  transactions  aggregated  $7,598,333,534,  of which
$3,228,079,085  (42.48% of all brokerage  transactions)  were transactions which
included research commissions.                                                  

Administrative Agreement                                                        

Each Fund has entered into an administrative services agreement with the Advisor
(the "Administrative Agreement"),  pursuant to which the Advisor will provide or
pay others to provide substantially all of the administrative  services         

28

P-->497191st Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 191st
required  by the Fund  (other  than  those  provided  by the  Advisor  under its
investment  management agreement with the Funds, as described above) in exchange
for the payment by a Fund of an administrative services fee (the "Administrative
Fee") of 0.400%  for Class A,  0.450%  for Class B and  0.425%  for Class C. One
effect of these  arrangements  is to make each Fund's future  expense ratio more
predictable. However, the Funds will not benefit from economies of scale derived
from increases in assets.  The  Administrative  Fee became  effective August 14,
2000 for  International  Fund and  September  11, 2000 for Global Fund.  For the
period August 14, 2000 through  August 31, 2000,  the  Administrative  Agreement
expense charged to International Fund amounted to $921,739.  For the fiscal year
ended August 31, 2001 the  Administrative  Fees paid by  International  Fund and
Global Fund were $15,823,658 and $5,110,182, respectively.                      

Various third-party service providers (the "Service  Providers"),  some of which
are affiliated with the Advisor,  provide certain  services to the Fund pursuant
to separate  agreements with the Fund.  Scudder Fund Accounting  Corporation,  a
subsidiary  of the Advisor,  computes net asset value for the Fund and maintains
its accounting  records.  Scudder  Investments  Service Company is the transfer,
shareholder  servicing and dividend-paying  agent for the shares of the Fund. As
custodian,  Brown Brothers Harriman holds the portfolio  securities of the Fund,
pursuant  to  a  custodian  agreement.  PricewaterhouseCoopers  LLP  audits  the
financial  statements  of the Fund and provides  other  audit,  tax, and related
services. Dechert acts as general counsel for the Fund.                         

The Advisor will pay the Service  Providers for the provision of their  services
to the Fund and will pay other fund expenses, including insurance, registration,
printing  and  postage  fees.  In  return,  the  Fund  will pay the  Advisor  an
Administrative Fee.                                                             

Each  Administrative  Agreement  has an initial term of three years,  subject to
earlier  termination  by the Fund's  Board.  The fee  payable by the Fund to the
Advisor pursuant to the Administrative Agreement is reduced by the amount of any
credit received from the Fund's custodian for cash balances.                    

Certain  expenses  of the  Funds  will  not be borne by the  Advisor  under  the
Administrative Agreement,  such as taxes, brokerage,  interest and extraordinary
expenses;  and the fees and expenses of the Independent Directors (including the
fees and expenses of their  independent  counsel).  In addition,  each Fund will
continue to pay the fees required by its  investment  management  agreement with
the Advisor.                                                                    

Underwriter                                                                     

Pursuant  to  separate   underwriting  and  distribution   services   agreements
("distribution  agreements"),  Scudder  Distributors,  Inc.  ("SDI"),  222 South
Riverside Plaza,  Chicago,  Illinois 60606, an affiliate of the Advisor,  is the
principal  underwriter  and  distributor for the Class A, B and C shares of each
Fund and acts as agent of the Fund in the continuous offering of its Shares. SDI
bears all of its expenses of  providing  services  pursuant to the  distribution
agreement,  including the payment of any commissions. The Fund pays the cost for
the  prospectus  and  shareholder  reports  to be set in type  and  printed  for
existing shareholders,  and SDI, as principal underwriter, pays for the printing
and  distribution  of copies  thereof  used in  connection  with the offering of
Shares  to  prospective  investors.   SDI  also  pays  for  supplementary  sales
literature and advertising costs.                                               

The distribution agreement continues in effect from year to year so long as such
continuance  is approved for each class at least annually by a vote of the Board
of  Directors  of each Fund,  including  the  Directors  who are not  interested
persons of the Funds and who have no direct or  indirect  financial  interest in
the  agreement.  The  agreement  automatically  terminates  in the  event of its
assignment and may be terminated for a class at any time without penalty by each
Fund or by SDI upon 60 days' notice.  Termination  by the Fund with respect to a
class may be by vote of a majority of the  applicable  Board of  Directors  or a
majority of the  Directors who are not  interested  persons of the Funds and who
have no direct or indirect financial interest in the distribution agreement or a
"majority of the  outstanding  voting  securities"  of the class of the Fund, as
defined under the 1940 Act. The distribution  agreement may not be amended for a
class to  increase  the fee to be paid by each Fund with  respect  to such class
without  approval by a majority of the  outstanding  voting  securities  of such
class of each Fund, and all material amendments must in any event be approved by
the applicable  Board of Directors in the manner described above with respect to
the continuation of the distribution agreement.                                 

Class B Shares and Class C Shares. Each Fund has adopted a plan under Rule 12b-1
(the "Rule 12b-1  Plan")  that  provides  for fees  payable as an expense of the
Class B shares and Class C shares  that are used by SDI to pay for  distribution
and services for those  classes.  Because 12b-1 fees are paid out of fund assets
on an ongoing basis they will, over time, increase the cost of an investment and
cost more than other types of sales charges.                                    

29

P-->497192nd Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 192nd
Rule 12b-1 Plan. Since the distribution  agreement  provides for fees payable as
an  expense  of the Class B shares  and the Class C shares of each Fund that are
used by SDI to pay for distribution  services for those classes,  that agreement
is  approved  and  reviewed  separately  for the Class B shares  and the Class C
shares of each Fund in  accordance  with Rule  12b-1  under the 1940 Act,  which
regulates the manner in which an investment company may, directly or indirectly,
bear the expenses of distributing its shares.                                   

If a Rule 12b-1 Plan (the "Plan") is terminated  in  accordance  with its terms,
the obligation of a Fund to make payments to SDI pursuant to the Plan will cease
and a Fund will not be required to make any payments past the termination  date.
Thus, there is no legal obligation for the Fund to pay any expenses  incurred by
SDI in excess of its fees under a Plan, if for any reason the Plan is terminated
in  accordance  with its  terms.  Future  fees  under the Plan may or may not be
sufficient to reimburse SDI for its expenses incurred.                          

For its services under the distribution agreement,  SDI receives a fee from each
Fund,  payable monthly,  at the annual rate of 0.75% of average daily net assets
of each Fund  attributable  to Class B shares.  This fee is accrued  daily as an
expense of Class B shares.  SDI also  receives  any  contingent  deferred  sales
charges.  SDI  currently  compensates  firms  for  sales of Class B shares  at a
commission rate of 3.75%.                                                       

For its services under the distribution agreement,  SDI receives a fee from each
Fund,  payable monthly,  at the annual rate of 0.75% of average daily net assets
of each Fund  attributable  to Class C shares.  This fee is accrued  daily as an
expense  of Class C shares.  SDI  currently  advances  to firms  the first  year
distribution fee at a rate of 0.75% of the purchase price of Class C shares. For
periods  after the first  year,  SDI  currently  pays firms for sales of Class C
shares a distribution fee, payable quarterly,  at an annual rate of 0.75% of net
assets  attributable  to Class C shares  maintained and serviced by the firm and
the fee continues  until  terminated  by SDI or the Fund.  SDI also receives any
contingent deferred sales charges.                                              

Shareholder     Services.     Pursuant     to    the    Rule     12b-1     Plan,
shareholder/administrative  services  are provided to each Fund on behalf of its
Class  A,  B  and  C  shareholders   under  a  shareholder   services  agreement
("shareholder  agreement")  with SDI.  SDI bears all its  expenses of  providing
services  pursuant  to the  shareholder  agreement  between  SDI and the  Funds,
including the payment of service fees. Each Fund pays SDI a shareholder services
fee, payable monthly,  at an annual rate of up to 0.25% of the average daily net
assets of each class.                                                           

SDI enters into related arrangements with various  broker-dealer firms and other
service or  administrative  firms ("firms") that provide services and facilities
for their customers or clients who are investors in each Fund. The firms provide
such office  space and  equipment,  telephone  facilities  and  personnel  as is
necessary or beneficial for providing information and services to their clients.
Such services and assistance may include,  but are not limited to,  establishing
and  maintaining  accounts  and  records,  processing  purchase  and  redemption
transactions,  answering  routine inquiries  regarding each Fund,  assistance to
clients in changing dividend and investment  options,  account  designations and
addresses and such other administrative services as may be agreed upon from time
to time and permitted by applicable statute, rule or regulation. With respect to
Class A  Shares,  SDI pays each firm a service  fee,  payable  quarterly,  at an
annual rate of up to 0.25% of the net assets in Fund  accounts that it maintains
and services  attributable  to Class A Shares,  commencing  with the month after
investment.  With respect to Class B and Class C Shares,  SDI currently advances
to firms the  first-year  service  fee at a rate of up to 0.25% of the  purchase
price of such Shares. For periods after the first year, SDI currently intends to
pay firms a service  fee at a rate of up to 0.25%  (calculated  monthly and paid
quarterly)  of the  net  assets  attributable  to  Class B and  Class  C  Shares
maintained  and  serviced  by the firm.  After the first  year,  a firm  becomes
eligible for the quarterly service fee and the fee continues until terminated by
SDI or a Fund.  Firms to which  service fees may be paid include  affiliates  of
SDI. In addition SDI may, from time to time,  from its own resources pay certain
firms  additional  amounts for ongoing  administrative  services and  assistance
provided to their customers and clients who are shareholders of the Fund.       

SDI also may provide  some of the above  services  and may retain any portion of
the fee under the shareholder  agreement not paid to firms to compensate  itself
for administrative functions performed for each Fund. Currently, the shareholder
services  fee  payable to SDI is payable at an annual  rate of 0.25%  based upon
Fund assets in accounts for which a firm provides administrative services and at
the annual rate of 0.15%  based upon Fund assets in accounts  for which there is
no firm of record (other than SDI) listed on each Fund's records.  The effective
shareholder services fee rate to be charged against all assets of the Fund while
this  procedure is in effect will depend upon the proportion of Fund assets that
is in accounts for which a firm of record  provides  shareholder  services.  The
Board of Directors of each Fund, in its  discretion,  may approve basing the fee
to SDI at the annual rate of 0.25% on all Fund assets in the future.            

30

P-->497193rd Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 193rd
FUND SERVICE PROVIDERS

Custodian, Transfer Agent and Shareholder Service Agent                         

Brown Brothers Harriman & Company, 40 Water Street, Boston,  Massachusetts 02109
as custodian  has custody of all  securities  and cash of each Fund held outside
the United  States.  The  Custodian  attends to the  collection of principal and
income, and payment for and collection of proceeds of securities bought and sold
by each Fund.  Scudder  Investments  Service Company ("SISC"),  811 Main Street,
Kansas City,  Missouri 64105-2005,  an affiliate of the Advisor, is each Fund's
transfer agent,  dividend-paying  agent and  shareholder  service agent for each
Fund's  Class  A,  B  and  C  shares.   Prior  to  the   implementation  of  the
Administrative  Agreement,  SISC received as transfer agent, annual account fees
of $5 per account,  transaction and maintenance charges,  annual fees associated
with  the   contingent   deferred   sales  charge  (Class  B  shares  only)  and
out-of-pocket expense reimbursement.                                            

Auditors                                                                        

The  financial  highlights  of the  Funds  included  in the  prospectus  and the
Financial  Statements  incorporated by reference in this Statement of Additional
Information  have been so included or  incorporated  by reference in reliance on
the  report  of   PricewaterhouseCoopers   LLP,  160  Federal  Street,   Boston,
Massachusetts 02110, independent accountants, and given on the authority of that
firm as experts  in  accounting  and  auditing.  PricewaterhouseCoopers,  LLP is
responsible  for  performing  annual  and  semiannual  audits  of the  financial
statements  and financial  highlights  of each Fund in accordance  with auditing
standards  generally  accepted  in  the  United  States  of  America,   and  the
preparation of federal tax returns.                                             

Legal Counsel                                                                   

The law firm of Dechert is counsel to each Fund.                                

Fund Accounting Agent                                                           

Scudder Fund Accounting  Corporation ("SFAC"),  Two International Place, Boston,
Massachusetts, 02110-4103, a subsidiary of the Advisor, computes net asset value
for each Fund. Prior to the implementation of the Administrative Agreement, each
Fund paid SFAC an annual  fee  equal to  0.065%  of the first  $150  million  of
average  daily  net  assets,  0.040% of such  assets in excess of $150  million,
0.020% of such assets in excess of $1  billion,  plus  holding  and  transaction
charges  for this  service.  For the fiscal  years ended June 30, 1998 and 1999,
SFAC charged Global Fund aggregate fees of $601,315 and $585,537,  respectively,
and $97,186 for the two months ended August 31, 1999.  For the year ended August
31, 2000, the amount charged to Global Fund by SFAC aggregated  $577,424.  Prior
to September  11,  2000,  the amount  charged to Global Fund by SFAC  aggregated
$36,085.                                                                        

For the fiscal years ended March 31, 1998 and 1999,  SFAC charged  International
Fund aggregate fees of $838,885 and $795,122, respectively, and $402,576 for the
five months ended August 31, 1999.  Prior to August 14, 2000, the amount charged
by SFAC to International Fund aggregated $1,250,099.                            

 PERFORMANCE

From time to time,  quotations  of each  Fund's  performance  may be included in
advertisements,  sales  literature  or reports to  shareholders  or  prospective
investors.  Performance  information will be computed separately for each class.
Class A, B and C shares  are  newly  offered  and  therefore  have no  available
performance information.                                                        

Performance  figures for Class A, B and C shares are derived from the historical
performance of Class S shares, adjusted to reflect the higher gross total annual
operating  expenses  applicable  to Class  A, B and C  shares.  The  performance
figures are also adjusted to reflect the maximum sales charge of 5.75% for Class
A shares and the maximum  current  contingent  deferred  sales  charge of 4% for
Class B shares and 1% for Class C shares.                                       

The returns in the chart below assume reinvestment of distributions at net asset
value and represent adjusted  performance figures of the Class A, B and C shares
of  each  Fund  as  described  above;  they  do not  guarantee  future  results.
Investment  return and  principal  value will  fluctuate  so that an  investor's
shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than their original cost.      

31

P-->497194th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 194th
Average Annual Total Return                                                     

Average  annual total return is the average  annual  compound rate of return for
the periods of one year,  five years and ten years (or such  shorter  periods as
may be applicable  dating from the commencement of the Fund's  operations),  all
ended on the last day of a recent calendar quarter.  Average annual total return
quotations reflect changes in the price of the Fund's shares and assume that all
dividends and capital gains  distributions  during the  respective  periods were
reinvested  in Fund  shares.  Average  annual  total  return  is  calculated  by
computing  the  average  annual  compound  rates  of  return  of a  hypothetical
investment over such periods, according to the following formula (average annual
total return is then expressed as a percentage):                                

T = (ERV/P)1/n - 1
Where:                                                                          
T         =       Average Annual Total Return 
               P         =       a hypothetical initial investment of $1,000
n         =       number of years             
                 ERV               = ending  redeemable value: ERV is the value,
                                   at the  end of the  applicable  period,  of a
                                   hypothetical  $1,000  investment  made at the
                         beginning of the applicable period.

Average Annual Total Returns for the Period Ended August 31, 2001(1)

                                      1 Year           5 Years          10 Years
                                      ------           -------          --------

Scudder Global Fund -- Class A        -21.37%            6.47%             9.05%
Scudder Global Fund -- Class B        -19.43%            6.76%             8.82%
Scudder Global Fund -- Class C        -17.25%            6.89%             8.84%

(1)      As described above,  average annual total return is based on historical
         earnings and is not intended to indicate  future  performance.  Average
         annual total return for the Fund or class will vary based on changes in
    market conditions and the level of the Fund's and class' expenses.

Average Annual Total Returns for the Period Ended August 31, 2001(1)

                                       1 Year         5 Years       10 Years
                                       ------         -------       --------

Scudder International Fund -- Class A    -30.85%          5.54%         7.58%   
Scudder International Fund -- Class B    -29.29%          5.84%         7.37%   
Scudder International Fund -- Class C    -27.23%          5.99%         7.39%   

(1)      As described above,  average annual total return is based on historical
         earnings and is not intended to indicate  future  performance.  Average
         annual total return for the Fund or class will vary based on changes in
    market conditions and the level of the Fund's and class' expenses.

In connection with  communicating  its average annual total return to current or
prospective  shareholders,  each  Fund also may  compare  these  figures  to the
performance  of other mutual funds tracked by mutual fund rating  services or to
unmanaged  indices which may assume  reinvestment  of dividends but generally do
not reflect deductions for administrative and management costs.                 

Total Return                                                                    

Total return is the rate of return on an  investment  for a specified  period of
time calculated in the same manner as cumulative total return.                  

From  time  to  time,  in  advertisements,  sales  literature,  and  reports  to
shareholders  or prospective  investors,  figures  relating to the growth in the
total net assets of each Fund apart from capital  appreciation will be cited, as
an update to the information in this section, including, but not limited to: net
cash flow, net subscriptions, gross subscriptions, net asset                    

32

P-->497195th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 195th
growth,  net  account  growth,  and  subscription  rates.  Capital  appreciation
generally  will be covered  by  marketing  literature  as part of the Funds' and
classes' performance data.                                                      

Quotations of a Fund's  performance are based on historical  earnings,  show the
performance  of a  hypothetical  investment,  and are not  intended  to indicate
future  performance of the Fund. An investor's shares when redeemed may be worth
more or less than their original cost.  Performance of a Fund will vary based on
changes in market conditions and the level of that Fund's expenses.             

Comparison of Fund Performance                                                  

A  comparison  of  the  quoted  non-standard  performance  offered  for  various
investments is valid only if performance is calculated in the same manner. Since
there  are  different  methods  of  calculating  performance,  investors  should
consider the effects of the methods used to calculate performance when comparing
performance of the Fund with performance quoted with respect to other investment
companies or types of investments.                                              

In connection  with  communicating  its  performance  to current or  prospective
shareholders,  the Fund also may compare  these  figures to the  performance  of
unmanaged  indices  which may assume  reinvestment  of dividends or interest but
generally do not reflect deductions for administrative and management costs.    

Historical  information on the value of the dollar versus foreign currencies may
be used from time to time in advertisements concerning the Fund. Such historical
information  is not indicative of future  fluctuations  in the value of the U.S.
dollar  against  these  currencies.  In addition,  marketing  materials may cite
country and economic  statistics and historical stock market performance for any
of the countries in which the Fund invests.                                     

From time to time, in advertising and marketing literature, a Fund's performance
may be compared to the  performance of broad groups of mutual funds with similar
investment goals, as tracked by independent organizations.                      

From time to time, in marketing and other Fund literature,  members of the Board
and  officers  of the  Fund,  a Fund's  portfolio  manager,  or  members  of the
portfolio  management  team may be depicted and quoted to give  prospective  and
current  shareholders  a better  sense of the outlook and  approach of those who
manage the Fund.  In  addition,  the amount of assets that the Advisor has under
management  in  various  geographical  areas may be quoted  in  advertising  and
marketing materials.                                                            

Marketing and other Fund  literature  may include a description of the potential
risks and rewards  associated  with an investment in a Fund. The description may
include a "risk/return spectrum" which compares a Fund to other Scudder Funds or
broad categories of funds, such as money market,  bond or equity funds, in terms
of potential  risks and  returns.  Money market funds are designed to maintain a
constant $1.00 share price and have a fluctuating  yield. Share price, yield and
total  return of a bond fund will  fluctuate.  The share  price and return of an
equity fund also will fluctuate. The description may also compare a Fund to bank
products, such as certificates of deposit. Unlike mutual funds,  certificates of
deposit are insured up to $100,000 by the U.S. government and offer a fixed rate
of return.                                                                      

Because bank products  guarantee the principal  value of an investment and money
market funds seek stability of principal, these investments are considered to be
less risky than  investments  in either bond or equity funds,  which may involve
the loss of principal. However, all long-term investments, including investments
in bank products, may be subject to inflation risk, which is the risk of erosion
of the value of an  investment as prices  increase over a long time period.  The
risks/returns  associated with an investment in bond or equity funds depend upon
many factors.  For bond funds these factors  include,  but are not limited to, a
fund's overall  investment  objective,  the average portfolio  maturity,  credit
quality of the securities  held, and interest rate movements.  For equity funds,
factors  include  a fund's  overall  investment  objective,  the types of equity
securities held and the financial position of the issuers of the securities. The
risks/returns  associated  with an  investment in  international  bond or equity
funds also will depend upon currency exchange rate fluctuation.                 

A risk/return spectrum generally will position the various investment categories
in the following order: bank products, money market funds, bond funds and equity
funds. Shorter-term bond funds generally are considered less risky and offer the
potential  for less return  than  longer-term  bond  funds.  The same is true of
domestic bond funds relative to  international  bond funds,  and bond funds that
purchase  higher quality  securities  relative to bond funds that purchase lower
quality securities.  Growth and income equity funds are generally  considered to
be less risky and offer the  potential  for less return than  growth  funds.  In
addition,  international  equity funds  usually are  considered  more risky than
domestic equity funds but generally offer the potential for greater return.     

33

P-->497196th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 196th
Evaluation of Fund performance or other relevant statistical information made by
independent  sources  may  also  be used in  advertisements  concerning  a Fund,
including reprints of, or selections from, editorials or articles about a Fund. 

 PURCHASE AND REDEMPTION OF SHARES

Fund  shares are sold at their  public  offering  price,  which is the net asset
value per such shares next determined  after an order is received in proper form
plus,  with  respect to Class A Shares,  an initial  sales  charge.  The minimum
initial  investment  for Class A, B or C is $1,000  and the  minimum  subsequent
investment is $50 but such minimum amounts may be changed at any time. Each Fund
may  waive the  minimum  for  purchases  by  trustees,  directors,  officers  or
employees of a Fund or the Advisor and its affiliates.                          

Purchase of Shares                                                              

Alternative  Purchase  Arrangements.  Class A  shares  of each  Fund are sold to
investors subject to an initial sales charge. Class B shares are sold without an
initial  sales charge but are subject to higher  ongoing  expenses  than Class A
shares and a contingent deferred sales charge payable upon certain  redemptions.
Class B shares automatically convert to Class A shares six years after issuance.
Class C shares  are sold  without  an initial  sales  charge but are  subject to
higher  ongoing  expenses  than  Class A shares,  are  subject  to a  contingent
deferred  sales charge  payable upon certain  redemptions  within the first year
following purchase, and do not convert into another class. When placing purchase
orders,  investors  must  specify  whether  the order is for Class A, Class B or
Class C shares.                                                                 

The primary  distinctions  among the classes of each Fund's  shares lie in their
initial and  contingent  deferred  sales charge  structures and in their ongoing
expenses,  including  asset-based  sales  charges  in the  form  of  Rule  12b-1
distribution/services fees. These differences are summarized in the table below.
Each class has distinct  advantages and disadvantages  for different  investors,
and  investors  may choose the class that best  suits  their  circumstances  and
objectives.                                                                     

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

                                              Annual 12b-1 Fees(1)                                  
                                              (as a % of average                                    
         Sales Charge                         daily net assets)     Other Information               
         ------------                         -----------------     -----------------               

                                                                                                    
Class A  Maximum initial sales charge of                0.25%       Initial sales charge waived or  
         5.75% of the public offering                               reduced for certain purchases   
         price(2)                                                                                   

Class B  Maximum contingent deferred sales              1.00%       Shares convert to Class A shares
         charge of 4% of redemption                                 six years after issuance        
         proceeds; declines to zero after                                                           
         six years                                                                                  

Class C  Contingent deferred sales charge of            1.00%       No conversion feature           
         1% of redemption proceeds for                                                              
         redemptions made during first year                                                         
         after purchase                                                                             


(1)      There is a service fee of 0.25% for each class.                        

(2)      Class A shares  purchased at net asset value under the "Large Order NAV
         Purchase  Privilege"  may be subject to a 1% contingent  deferred sales
         charge if redeemed  within one year of purchase and a 0.50%  contingent
       deferred sales charge if redeemed within the second year of purchase.

The  minimum  initial  investment  for each of Class A, B and C of each  Fund is
$1,000  and the  minimum  subsequent  investment  is $50.  The  minimum  initial
investment  for an  Individual  Retirement  Account  is  $500  and  the  minimum
subsequent  investment is $50. Under an automatic  investment plan, such as Bank
Direct Deposit, Payroll Direct Deposit or Government Direct Deposit, the minimum
initial and subsequent  investment is $50. These minimum  amounts may be changed
at any time in management's discretion.                                         

34

P-->497197th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 197th
Share  certificates will not be issued. You cannot redeem shares by telephone or
wire transfer or use the telephone exchange privilege if share certificates have
been issued. A lost or destroyed  certificate is difficult to replace and can be
expensive to the shareholder (a bond worth 1.5% or more of the certificate value
is normally required).                                                          

Initial Sales Charge Alternative -- Class A Shares. The public offering price of
Class A shares for purchasers  choosing the initial sales charge  alternative is
the net asset value plus a sales charge, as set forth below.                    

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

                                                          Sales Charge                       
                                                          ------------                       
                                                                           Allowed to Dealers
                                   As a Percentage of  As a Percentage of  As a Percentage of
Amount of Purchase                    Offering Price    Net Asset Value*     Offering Price  
------------------                    --------------    ----------------     --------------  

                                                                                             
Less than $50,000                         5.75%              6.10%                5.20%      
$50,000 but less than $100,000            4.50%              4.71%                4.00%      
$100,000 but less than $250,000           3.50%              3.63%                3.00%      
$250,000 but less than $500,000           2.60%              2.67%                2.25%      
$500,000 but less than $1 million         2.00%              2.04%                1.75%      
$1 million and over                       .00**              .00**                  ***      

*        Rounded to the nearest one-hundredth percent.                          

**       Redemption  of shares  may be subject to a  contingent  deferred  sales
charge as discussed below.                                    

***      Commission is payable by SDI as discussed below.                       

Each Fund receives the entire net asset value of all its shares sold.  SDI, each
Fund's  principal  underwriter,  retains  the  sales  charge on sales of Class A
shares from which it allows discounts from the applicable  public offering price
to investment dealers, which discounts are uniform for all dealers in the United
States and its territories.  The normal discount allowed to dealers is set forth
in the  above  table.  Upon  notice  to  all  dealers  with  whom  it has  sales
agreements,  SDI may re-allow to dealers up to the full applicable sales charge,
as shown in the above table,  during periods and for  transactions  specified in
such notice and such re-allowances may be based upon attainment of minimum sales
levels. During periods when 90% or more of the sales charge is re-allowed,  such
dealers  may be  deemed  to be  underwriters  as  that  term is  defined  in the
Securities Act of 1933.                                                         

Class A shares of each Fund may be  purchased  at net  asset  value by:  (a) any
purchaser,  provided that the amount invested in such Fund or other Scudder Fund
listed under "Special  Features -- Class A Shares -- Combined  Purchases" totals
at least  $1,000,000  including  purchases  of Class A  shares  pursuant  to the
"Combined  Purchases," "Letter of Intent" and  "Cumulative  Discount"  features
described  under "Special  Features";  or (b) a  participant-directed  qualified
retirement  plan  described  in  Code  Section  401(a),  a  participant-directed
non-qualified  deferred  compensation  plan  described  in Code Section 457 or a
participant-directed   qualified  retirement  plan  described  in  Code  Section
403(b)(7)  which is not  sponsored by a K-12 school  district,  provided in each
case that such plan has not less than 200 eligible  employees  (the "Large Order
NAV Purchase Privilege").  Redemption within two years of the purchase of shares
purchased  under the Large  Order NAV  Purchase  Privilege  may be  subject to a
contingent  deferred  sales charge.  See  "Redemption or Repurchase of Shares --
Contingent Deferred Sales Charge -- Large Order NAV Purchase Privilege."        

SDI may in its  discretion  compensate  investment  dealers  or other  financial
services  firms in  connection  with the sale of Class A shares of a Fund at net
asset value in accordance with the Large Order NAV Purchase Privilege and one of
the three following compensation schedules up to the following amounts:         

35

P-->497198th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 198th
                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

          Compensation Schedule #1^(1)               Compensation Schedule #2^(2)         Compensation Schedule #3^(2) 
          ----------------------------               ----------------------------         ---------------------------- 
                                    As a                                As a                                As a       
          Amount of             Percentage of   Amount of           Percentage of       Amount of       Percentage of  
         Shares Sold           Net Asset Value  Shares Sold         Net Asset Value     Shares Sold     Net Asset Value
         -----------           ---------------  -----------         ---------------     -----------     ---------------

                                                                                                                       
$1 million to $5 million            1.00%       Under $15 million       0.50%       Over $15 million        0.25%      

Over $5 million to $50              0.50%              --                --                --                --        
million                                                                                                                

Over $50 million                    0.25%              --                --                --                --        

 (1)     The  commission  schedule  will be reset on a  calendar  year basis for
         sales of shares  pursuant to the Large Order NAV Purchase  Privilege to
         employer-sponsored   employee   benefit  plans  using  the  proprietary
         subaccount  record  keeping  system,  made  available  through  Scudder
         Investments   Service   Company.   For  purposes  of  determining   the
         appropriate  commission  percentage to be applied to a particular  sale
         under the foregoing  schedule,  SDI will consider the cumulative amount
         invested  by the  purchaser  in a Fund and  other  Funds  listed  under
         "Special Features -- Class A Shares -- Combined  Purchases,"  including
         purchases pursuant to the "Combined  Purchases," "Letter of Intent" and
"Cumulative Discount" features referred to above.             

 (2)     Compensation  Schedules  2 and 3 apply to employer  sponsored  employee
         benefit plans using the OmniPlus  subaccount record keeping system. The
         Compensation  Schedule  will be  determined  based on the  value of the
         conversion  assets.  Conversion  from  "Compensation  Schedule  #2"  to
         "Compensation  Schedule  #3" is not an automatic  process.  Plans whose
         assets grow beyond $15 million will convert to Compensation  Schedule 3
         after being  re-underwritten.  When a plan's  assets grow to  exceeding
         exceed $15 million,  the Plan Sponsor may request to be re-underwritten
         by contacting must contact their Client Relationship Manager to discuss
         a conversion to Compensation Schedule #3. The underwriting process will
         consider the additional features and services to be provided by Scudder
         Investments. The change to the compensation schedule will commence when
the Plan Sponsor signs a new Recordkeeping Services Agreement.

The  privilege of  purchasing  Class A shares of a Fund at net asset value under
the Large Order NAV  Purchase  Privilege  is not  available if another net asset
value purchase privilege also applies.                                          

Class A shares of each Fund or of any other  Scudder Fund listed under  "Special
Features -- Class A Shares -- Combined  Purchases" may be purchased at net asset
value in any amount by members of the plaintiff class in the proceeding known as
Howard and Audrey Tabankin,  et al. v. Kemper  Short-Term Global Income Fund, et
al., Case No. 93 C 5231 (N.D. IL). This privilege is generally  non-transferable
and continues  for the lifetime of  individual  class members and for a ten-year
period for non-individual  class members.  To make a purchase at net asset value
under this  privilege,  the investor  must,  at the time of  purchase,  submit a
written  request that the  purchase be processed at net asset value  pursuant to
this  privilege  specifically  identifying  the  purchaser  as a  member  of the
"Tabankin  Class." Shares purchased under this privilege will be maintained in a
separate account that includes only shares  purchased under this privilege.  For
more details concerning this privilege, class members should refer to the Notice
of (1)  Proposed  Settlement  with  Defendants;  and (2)  Hearing  to  Determine
Fairness of Proposed  Settlement,  dated August 31, 1995,  issued in  connection
with the aforementioned court proceeding.  For sales of Fund shares at net asset
value  pursuant to this  privilege,  SDI may in its  discretion  pay  investment
dealers and other financial services firms a concession,  payable quarterly,  at
an  annual  rate of up to  0.25%  of net  assets  attributable  to  such  shares
maintained and serviced by the firm. A firm becomes  eligible for the concession
based  upon  assets in  accounts  attributable  to shares  purchased  under this
privilege in the month after the month of purchase and the concession  continues
until terminated by SDI. The privilege of purchasing Class A shares of each Fund
at net asset value under this  privilege  is not  available if another net asset
value purchase privilege also applies.                                          

Class A shares of a Fund may be  purchased  at net asset  value by  persons  who
purchase  such shares  through bank trust  departments  that process such trades
through an  automated,  integrated  mutual fund clearing  program  provided by a
third party clearing firm.                                                      

Class A shares of each Fund may be purchased at net asset value in any amount by
certain  professionals  who assist in the promotion of Scudder Funds pursuant to
personal  services  contracts  with SDI,  for  themselves  or  members  of their
families.  SDI in its  discretion may  compensate  financial  services firms for
sales of Class A shares under this  privilege  at a commission  rate of 0.50% of
the amount of Class A shares purchased.                                         

36

P-->497199th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 199th
Class A shares of a Fund may be  purchased  at net asset  value by  persons  who
purchase  shares of each Fund  through SDI as part of an  automated  billing and
wage deduction program administered by RewardsPlus of America for the benefit of
employees of participating employer groups.                                     

Class A shares may be sold at net asset  value in any  amount to: (a)  officers,
trustees, employees (including retirees) and sales representatives of each Fund,
its  investment  manager,  its  principal   underwriter  or  certain  affiliated
companies,   for  themselves  or  members  of  their  families;  (b)  registered
representatives and employees of broker-dealers  having selling group agreements
with SDI and officers,  directors and employees of service  agents of each Fund,
for themselves or their spouses or dependent children;  (c) any trust,  pension,
profit-sharing  or other  benefit  plan for only such  persons;  (d) persons who
purchase  such shares  through bank trust  departments  that process such trades
through an  automated,  integrated  mutual fund clearing  program  provided by a
third party  clearing  firm;  and (e) persons who  purchase  shares of each Fund
through  SDI  as  part  of an  automated  billing  and  wage  deduction  program
administered  by  RewardsPlus  of  America  for  the  benefit  of  employees  of
participating  employer groups. Class A shares may be sold at net asset value in
any  amount  to  selected  employees  (including  their  spouses  and  dependent
children)   of  banks  and  other   financial   services   firms  that   provide
administrative  services  related to order  placement  and payment to facilitate
transactions  in shares of each Fund for their clients  pursuant to an agreement
with SDI or one of its affiliates.  Only those employees of such banks and other
firms who as part of their usual duties provide services related to transactions
in Fund shares may  purchase  Fund Class A shares at net asset value  hereunder.
Class A shares may be sold at net asset  value in any amount to unit  investment
trusts sponsored by Ranson & Associates,  Inc. In addition,  unitholders of unit
investment trusts sponsored by Ranson & Associates, Inc. or its predecessors may
purchase  each  Fund's  Class A shares at net asset value  through  reinvestment
programs  described in the  prospectuses of such trusts that have such programs.
Class A shares  of each  Fund may be sold at net  asset  value  through  certain
investment  advisors  registered under the 1940 Act and other financial services
firms acting solely as agent for their clients, that adhere to certain standards
established  by SDI,  including a  requirement  that such shares be sold for the
benefit of their  clients  participating  in an investment  advisory  program or
agency  commission  program under which such clients pay a fee to the investment
advisor or other firm for  portfolio  management or agency  brokerage  services.
Such shares are sold for investment purposes and on the condition that they will
not be resold except  through  redemption or repurchase by each Fund.  Each Fund
may also  issue  Class A  shares  at net  asset  value  in  connection  with the
acquisition of the assets of or merger or consolidation  with another investment
company, or to shareholders in connection with the investment or reinvestment of
income and capital gain dividends.                                              

The  sales  charge  scale is  applicable  to  purchases  made at one time by any
"purchaser" which includes: an individual;  or an individual,  his or her spouse
and  children  under the age of 21; or a trustee or other  fiduciary of a single
trust estate or single fiduciary account; or an organization exempt from federal
income  tax  under  Section  501(c)(3)  or  (13)  of  the  Code;  or a  pension,
profit-sharing  or other  employee  benefit plan whether or not qualified  under
Section  401  of  the  Code;  or  other   organized  group  of  persons  whether
incorporated  or not,  provided the  organization  has been in existence  for at
least six months and has some  purpose  other than the  purchase  of  redeemable
securities of a registered investment company at a discount. In order to qualify
for a lower sales  charge,  all orders from an  organized  group will have to be
placed  through a single  investment  dealer  or other  firm and  identified  as
originating from a qualifying purchaser.                                        

Deferred  Sales Charge  Alternative  -- Class B Shares.  Investors  choosing the
deferred sales charge alternative may purchase Class B shares at net asset value
per share without any sales charge at the time of purchase. Since Class B shares
are  being  sold  without  an  initial  sales  charge,  the full  amount  of the
investor's  purchase  payment  will be invested in Class B shares for his or her
account.  A contingent  deferred sales charge may be imposed upon  redemption of
Class B shares.  See "Redemption or Repurchase of Shares -- Contingent  Deferred
Sales Charge -- Class B Shares."                                                

SDI  compensates  firms  for  sales of  Class B shares  at the time of sale at a
commission rate of up to 3.75% of the amount of Class B shares purchased. SDI is
compensated by each Fund for services as distributor  and principal  underwriter
for Class B shares. See "Underwriter."                                          

Class B shares of each Fund will automatically  convert to Class A shares of the
Fund six years after  issuance on the basis of the  relative net asset value per
share of the Class B shares. The purpose of the conversion feature is to relieve
holders of Class B shares from the distribution services fee when they have been
outstanding  long  enough  for SDI to have  been  compensated  for  distribution
related expenses. For purposes of conversion to Class A shares, shares purchased
through the reinvestment of dividends and other  distributions paid with respect
to Class B shares in a  shareholder's  Fund account will be converted to Class A
shares on a pro rata basis.                                                     

Purchase of Class C Shares.  The public  offering price of the Class C shares of
each Fund is the next  determined  net asset value.  No initial  sales charge is
imposed. Since Class C shares are sold without an initial sales charge, the full

37

P-->497200th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 200th
amount of the investor's purchase payment will be invested in Class C shares for
his or her account.  A contingent  deferred sales charge may be imposed upon the
redemption  of Class C shares if they are redeemed  within one year of purchase.
See  "Redemption or Repurchase of Shares -- Contingent  Deferred Sales Charge --
Class C Shares." SDI currently advances to firms the first year distribution fee
at a rate of 0.75% of the purchase  price of such shares.  For periods after the
first  year,  SDI  currently  intends to pay firms for sales of Class C shares a
distribution  fee, payable  quarterly,  at an annual rate of 0.75% of net assets
attributable  to Class C shares  maintained  and  serviced  by the firm.  SDI is
compensated  by the Fund for services as distributor  and principal  underwriter
for Class C shares. See "Underwriter."                                          

Purchase of Class I Shares.  Scudder  International  Fund only -- Class I shares
are  offered at net asset  value  without an  initial  sales  charge and are not
subject to a contingent  deferred sales charge or a Rule 12b-1 distribution fee.
Also, there is no  administration  services fee charged to Class I shares.  As a
result of the relatively lower expenses for Class I shares,  the level of income
dividends  per share (as a percentage  of net asset value) and,  therefore,  the
overall  investment  value, will typically be higher for Class I shares than for
Class A, Class B, or Class C shares.                                            

Class  I  shares  are  available  for  purchase  exclusively  by  the  following
categories of institutional  investors:  (1) tax-exempt retirement plans (Profit
Sharing,  401(k),  Money Purchase  Pension and Defined  Benefit Plans) of Zurich
Scudder  Investments,  Inc. and its affiliates and rollover  accounts from those
plans; (2) the following  investment  advisory clients of Zurich Scudder and its
investment  advisory  affiliates  that  invest  at least $1  million  in a Fund:
unaffiliated  benefit  plans,  such as  qualified  retirement  plans (other than
individual retirement accounts and self-directed retirement plans); unaffiliated
banks and insurance companies  purchasing for their own accounts;  and endowment
funds of unaffiliated non-profit organizations; (3) investment-only accounts for
large  qualified  plans,  with at least $50  million in total plan  assets or at
least 1,000  participants;  (4) trust and fiduciary  accounts of trust companies
and bank trust departments  providing fee based advisory services that invest at
least $1 million in a Fund on behalf of each  trust;  (5) policy  holders  under
Zurich-American  Insurance Group's  collateral  investment  program investing at
least $200,000 in a Fund; and (6) investment companies managed by Zurich Scudder
that invest  primarily in other investment  companies.  Class I shares currently
are available for purchase only from SDI,  principal  underwriter  for the Fund,
and, in the case of category  (4) above,  selected  dealers  authorized  by SDI.
Share certificates are not available for Class I shares.                        

Which  Arrangement  is Better for You?  The decision as to which class of shares
provides  a more  suitable  investment  for an  investor  depends on a number of
factors,  including the amount and intended length of the investment.  In making
this decision,  investors should review their particular circumstances carefully
with their financial  representative.  Investors making investments that qualify
for reduced sales charges might  consider  Class A shares.  Investors who prefer
not to pay an initial  sales  charge and who plan to hold their  investment  for
more than six years might consider  Class B shares.  Investors who prefer not to
pay an initial sales charge but who plan to redeem their shares within six years
might  consider Class C shares.  SDI has  established  the following  procedures
regarding the purchase of Class A, Class B and Class C shares.  These procedures
do not reflect in any way the suitability of a particular  class of shares for a
particular  investor and should not be relied upon as such.  That  determination
must be made by investors with the assistance of their financial representative.
Orders  for  Class B shares  or  Class C shares  for  $500,000  or more  will be
declined.  Orders  for Class B shares or Class C shares  by  employer  sponsored
employee  benefit  plans (not  including  plans  under Code  Section  403 (b)(7)
sponsored by a K-12 school district) using the subaccount  record keeping system
made  available  through the  Shareholder  Service Agent ("Flex  Plans") will be
invested  instead  in Class A shares  at net  asset  value  where  the  combined
subaccount value in a Fund or other Scudder Funds listed under "Special Features
-- Class A Shares -- Combined  Purchases" is in excess of $1 million for Class B
shares or $5 million  for Class C shares  including  purchases  pursuant  to the
"Combined  Purchases," "Letter of Intent" and  "Cumulative  Discount"  features
described  under  "Special  Features."  Flex  Plans  that on May 1, 2000 have in
excess of $1 million  invested  in Class B shares of Scudder  Funds,  or have in
excess of $850,000  invested in Class B shares of Scudder  Funds and are able to
qualify for the purchase of Class A shares at net asset value (e.g., pursuant to
a Letter of  Intent),  will have future  investments  made in Class A shares and
will  have the  option  to covert  their  holdings  in Class B shares to Class A
shares free of any  contingent  deferred  sales charge on May 1, 2002.  For more
information  about  the  three  sales   arrangements,   consult  your  financial
representative or the Shareholder  Service Agent.  Financial  services firms may
receive different compensation depending upon which class of shares they sell.  

General.  Banks and other  financial  services firms may provide  administrative
services  related to order  placement and payment to facilitate  transactions in
shares of each Fund for their clients, and SDI may pay them a transaction fee up
to the level of the discount or commission  allowable or payable to dealers,  as
described  above.  Banks or other  financial  services  firms may be  subject to
various state laws regarding the services described above and may be required to
register as dealers pursuant to state law. If banking firms were prohibited from
acting in any capacity or providing  any of the described  services,  management
would consider what action,  if any, would be appropriate.  SDI does not believe
that  termination  of a  relationship  with a bank would  result in any material
adverse consequences to the Fund.                                               

38

P-->497201st Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 201st
SDI may, from time to time,  pay or allow to firms a 1% commission on the amount
of shares of each Fund sold under the  following  conditions:  (i) the purchased
shares are held in a Scudder IRA  account,  (ii) the shares are  purchased  as a
direct "roll over" of a distribution  from a qualified  retirement  plan account
maintained on a participant subaccount record keeping system provided by Scudder
Investments  Service Company,  (iii) the registered  representative  placing the
trade  is a  member  of  ProStar,  a  group  of  persons  designated  by  SDI in
acknowledgment  of their  dedication to the employee benefit plan area; and (iv)
the purchase is not otherwise subject to a commission.                          

In addition to the discounts or commissions described above, SDI will, from time
to  tome,  pay  or  allow  additional  discounts,   commissions  or  promotional
incentives, in the form of cash, to firms that sell shares of each Fund. In some
instances, such discounts,  commissions or other incentives will be offered only
to certain firms that sell or are expected to sell during specified time periods
certain minimum  amounts of shares of each Fund, or other Funds  underwritten by
SDI.                                                                            

Orders  for the  purchase  of shares of each Fund will be  confirmed  at a price
based on the net asset value of each Fund next determined  after receipt in good
order by SDI of the order  accompanied by payment.  However,  orders received by
dealers or other  financial  services  firms prior to the  determination  of net
asset value (see "Net Asset  Value") and  received in good order by SDI prior to
the close of its  business  day will be  confirmed  at a price  based on the net
asset value effective on that day ("trade  date").  Each Fund reserves the right
to  determine  the net asset  value  more  frequently  than once a day if deemed
desirable.  Dealers and other financial services firms are obligated to transmit
orders promptly. Collection may take significantly longer for a check drawn on a
foreign bank than for a check drawn on a domestic bank.  Therefore,  if an order
is  accompanied  by a check  drawn on a foreign  bank,  funds must  normally  be
collected  before  shares will be purchased.  See  "Purchase  and  Redemption of
Shares."                                                                        

Investment  dealers  and other  firms  provide  varying  arrangements  for their
clients to purchase and redeem each Fund's  shares.  Some may  establish  higher
minimum  investment  requirements  than set forth above.  Firms may arrange with
their clients for other investment or  administrative  services.  Such firms may
independently  establish and charge additional amounts to their clients for such
services,  which charges would reduce the clients'  return.  Firms also may hold
the Fund's  shares in nominee or street name as agent for and on behalf of their
customers.  In  such  instances,   each  Fund's  transfer  agent  will  have  no
information   with   respect  to  or  control  over  the  accounts  of  specific
shareholders.  Such  shareholders  may  obtain  access  to  their  accounts  and
information  about their  accounts only from their firm.  Certain of these firms
may receive  compensation  from each Fund through the Shareholder  Service Agent
for  recordkeeping  and other expenses  relating to these nominee  accounts.  In
addition,  certain  privileges  with respect to the purchase and  redemption  of
shares or the reinvestment of dividends may not be available through such firms.
Some firms may  participate in a program  allowing them access to their clients'
accounts for servicing including, without limitation,  transfers of registration
and dividend  payee  changes;  and may perform  functions  such as generation of
confirmation  statements  and  disbursement  of  cash  dividends.   Such  firms,
including affiliates of SDI, may receive compensation from each Fund through the
Shareholder Service Agent for these services.  This prospectus should be read in
connection with such firms' material regarding their fees and services.         

Each Fund reserves the right to withdraw all or any part of the offering made by
this prospectus and to reject purchase orders for any reason. Also, from time to
time, each Fund may temporarily  suspend the offering of any class of its shares
to new investors. During the period of such suspension,  persons who are already
shareholders  of such class of such Fund  normally are  permitted to continue to
purchase additional shares of such class and to have dividends reinvested.      

Tax  Identification  Number. Be sure to complete the Tax  Identification  Number
section of each Fund's  application  when you open an  account.  Federal tax law
requires  the  Fund  to  withhold  30%  of  taxable  dividends,   capital  gains
distributions  and  redemption and exchange  proceeds from accounts  (other than
those of certain exempt payees) without a correct  certified  Social Security or
tax  identification  number and  certain  other  certified  information  or upon
notification  from the IRS or a broker that  withholding is required.  Each Fund
reserves  the  right to  reject  new  account  applications  without  a  correct
certified Social Security or tax identification  number. Each Fund also reserves
the right, following 30 days' notice, to redeem all shares in accounts without a
correct  certified Social Security or tax  identification  number. A shareholder
may avoid  involuntary  redemption by providing the  applicable  Fund with a tax
identification number during the 30-day notice period.                          

Shareholders  should  direct  their  inquiries  to Scudder  Investments  Service
Company,  811 Main Street,  Kansas City, Missouri 64105-2005 or to the firm from
which they received this prospectus.                                            

39

P-->497202nd Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 202nd
Redemption or Repurchase of Shares

General.  Any shareholder  may require a Fund to redeem his or her shares.  When
shares are held for the account of a shareholder by the Fund's  transfer  agent,
the  shareholder  may  redeem  such  shares by  sending a written  request  with
signatures guaranteed to Scudder Funds, Attention:  Redemption Department,  P.O.
Box 219557, Kansas City, Missouri 64121-9557.  When certificates for shares have
been issued,  they must be mailed to or deposited with the  Shareholder  Service
Agent,  along with a duly  endorsed  stock  power and  accompanied  by a written
request for redemption.  Redemption  requests and a stock power must be endorsed
by the account holder with  signatures  guaranteed by a commercial  bank,  trust
company,  savings and loan  association,  federal savings bank, member firm of a
national  securities  exchange  or other  eligible  financial  institution.  The
redemption  request  and stock  power must be signed  exactly as the  account is
registered  including any special capacity of the registered  owner.  Additional
documentation may be requested,  and a signature guarantee is normally required,
from  institutional  and  fiduciary  account  holders,   such  as  corporations,
custodians  (e.g.,  under  the  Uniform  Transfers  to Minors  Act),  executors,
administrators, trustees or guardians.                                          

The  redemption  price for  shares of a class of each Fund will be the net asset
value per share of that class of the Fund next determined  following  receipt by
the Shareholder  Service Agent of a properly  executed request with any required
documents as described  above.  Payment for shares redeemed will be made in cash
as promptly as  practicable  but in no event later than seven days after receipt
of a properly executed request accompanied by any outstanding share certificates
in proper form for transfer.  When each Fund is asked to redeem shares for which
it may not have yet received good payment (i.e., purchases by check, QuickBuy or
Bank Direct Deposit),  it may delay transmittal of redemption  proceeds until it
has determined  that collected funds have been received for the purchase of such
shares,  which will be up to 10 days from  receipt by each Fund of the  purchase
amount. The redemption within two years of Class A shares purchased at net asset
value  under  the  Large  Order  NAV  Purchase  Privilege  may be  subject  to a
contingent  deferred  sales  charge (see  "Purchase  of Shares -- Initial  Sales
Charge Alternative -- Class A Shares"),  the redemption of Class B shares within
six years may be subject to a contingent  deferred sales charge (see "Contingent
Deferred Sales Charge -- Class B Shares"  below),  and the redemption of Class C
shares within the first year  following  purchase may be subject to a contingent
deferred sales charge (see "Contingent  Deferred Sales Charge -- Class C Shares"
below).                                                                         

Because of the high cost of maintaining  small accounts,  each Fund may assess a
quarterly  fee of $9 on any account  with a balance  below $800 for the quarter.
The fee will not apply to accounts enrolled in an automatic  investment program,
Individual  Retirement  Accounts or  employer-sponsored  employee  benefit plans
using  the  subaccount   record-keeping   system  made  available   through  the
Shareholder Service Agent.                                                      

Shareholders  can request the following  telephone  privileges:  expedited  wire
transfer  redemptions and QuickSell  transactions  (see "Special  Features") and
exchange   transactions   for   individual   and   institutional   accounts  and
pre-authorized  telephone  redemption  transactions  for  certain  institutional
accounts. Shareholders may choose these privileges on the account application or
by contacting the Shareholder Service Agent for appropriate instructions. Please
note that the telephone  exchange  privilege is automatic unless the shareholder
refuses it on the account application. Each Fund or its agents may be liable for
any  losses,  expenses  or  costs  arising  out of  fraudulent  or  unauthorized
telephone  requests  pursuant to these privileges  unless the Fund or its agents
reasonably  believe,  based upon reasonable  verification  procedures,  that the
telephonic instructions are genuine. The shareholder will bear the risk of loss,
including loss resulting from fraudulent or unauthorized  transactions,  so long
as reasonable  verification  procedures  are followed.  Verification  procedures
include recording instructions, requiring certain identifying information before
acting upon instructions and sending written confirmations.                     

Telephone  Redemptions.  If  the  proceeds  of  the  redemption  (prior  to  the
imposition of any contingent deferred sales charge) are $100,000 or less and the
proceeds  are  payable to the  shareholder  of record at the  address of record,
normally a  telephone  request or a written  request by any one  account  holder
without a signature  guarantee is sufficient  for  redemptions  by individual or
joint  account  holders,  and  trust,  executor  and  guardian  account  holders
(excluding  custodial accounts for gifts and transfers to minors),  provided the
trustee,  executor  or  guardian  is named in the  account  registration.  Other
institutional account holders and guardian account holders of custodial accounts
for gifts and  transfers  to minors  may  exercise  this  special  privilege  of
redeeming  shares by  telephone  request or written  request  without  signature
guarantee  subject to the same  conditions  as  individual  account  holders and
subject  to the  limitations  on  liability  described  under  "General"  above,
provided  that  this  privilege  has been  pre-authorized  by the  institutional
account  holder  or  guardian  account  holder  by  written  instruction  to the
Shareholder Service Agent with signatures guaranteed.  Telephone requests may be
made by calling  1-800-621-1048.  Shares purchased by check or through QuickSell
or Bank Direct  Deposit may not be redeemed  under this  privilege  of redeeming
shares by  telephone  request  until such shares have been owned for at least 10
days.  This  privilege  of redeeming  shares by telephone  request or by written
request  without a                                                              

40

P-->497203rd Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 203rd
signature  guarantee may not be used to redeem shares held in certificated  form
and may  not be used if the  shareholder's  account  has had an  address  change
within 15 days of the redemption request. During periods when it is difficult to
contact the Shareholder  Service Agent by telephone,  it may be difficult to use
the telephone redemption privilege, although investors can still redeem by mail.
Each Fund reserves the right to terminate or modify this privilege at any time. 

Repurchases   (Confirmed   Redemptions).   A  request  for   repurchase  may  be
communicated  by a shareholder  through a securities  dealer or other  financial
services firm to SDI, which each Fund has authorized to act as its agent.  There
is no charge by SDI with respect to repurchases; however, dealers or other firms
may charge customary commissions for their services. Dealers and other financial
services firms are obligated to transmit orders  promptly.  The repurchase price
will be the net asset  value of each Fund next  determined  after  receipt  of a
request by SDI. However,  requests for repurchases  received by dealers or other
firms prior to the  determination of net asset value (see "Net Asset Value") and
received by SDI prior to the close of SDI's  business  day will be  confirmed at
the net asset  value  effective  on that day.  The  offer to  repurchase  may be
suspended at any time. Requirements as to stock powers,  certificates,  payments
and delay of payments are the same as for redemptions.                          

Expedited   Wire  Transfer   Redemptions.   If  the  account  holder  has  given
authorization for expedited wire redemption to the account holder's brokerage or
bank  account,  shares of each Fund can be redeemed and proceeds sent by federal
wire transfer to a single previously  designated  account.  Requests received by
the Shareholder Service Agent prior to the determination of net asset value will
result in shares being  redeemed  that day at the net asset value per Share Fund
effective on that day and normally the proceeds  will be sent to the  designated
account  the  following  business  day.  Delivery  of  the  proceeds  of a  wire
redemption  of $250,000 or more may be delayed by each Fund for up to seven days
if the  Fund  or the  Shareholder  Service  Agent  deems  it  appropriate  under
then-current  market conditions.  Once authorization is on file, the Shareholder
Service Agent will honor requests by telephone at  1-800-621-1048 or in writing,
subject to the limitations on liability  described under "General"  above.  Each
Fund is not  responsible  for the  efficiency  of the federal wire system or the
account holder's  financial  services firm or bank. Each Fund currently does not
charge the account holder for wire transfers.  The account holder is responsible
for any charges imposed by the account  holder's firm or bank. There is a $1,000
wire redemption  minimum  (including any contingent  deferred sales charge).  To
change the  designated  account  to receive  wire  redemption  proceeds,  send a
written request to the Shareholder  Service Agent with signatures  guaranteed as
described  above or  contact  the firm  through  which  shares of each Fund were
purchased.  Shares purchased by check or through EXPRESS-Transfer or Bank Direct
Deposit may not be redeemed by wire  transfer  until such shares have been owned
for at least 10 days.  Account  holders  may not use this  privilege  to  redeem
shares held in certificated form. During periods when it is difficult to contact
the  Shareholder  Service  Agent by  telephone,  it may be  difficult to use the
expedited  wire  transfer  redemption  privilege,  although  investors can still
redeem  by mail.  Each  Fund  reserves  the right to  terminate  or modify  this
privilege at any time.                                                          

Contingent  Deferred  Sales  Charge -- Large  Order NAV  Purchase  Privilege.  A
contingent  deferred  sales  charge may be imposed  upon  redemption  of Class A
shares  that are  purchased  under the Large  Order NAV  Purchase  Privilege  as
follows:  1% if they are redeemed  within one year of purchase and 0.50% if they
are  redeemed  during the second  year after  purchase.  The charge  will not be
imposed upon  redemption  of  reinvested  dividends or share  appreciation.  The
charge is applied to the value of the shares  redeemed,  excluding  amounts  not
subject to the charge.  The  contingent  deferred sales charge will be waived in
the event of: (a)  redemptions by a  participant-directed  qualified  retirement
plan  described in Code Section  401(a),  a  participant-directed  non-qualified
deferred    compensation   plan   described   in   Code   Section   457   or   a
participant-directed   qualified  retirement  plan  described  in  Code  Section
403(b)(7) which is not sponsored by a K-12 school  district;  (b) redemptions by
employer-sponsored  employee  benefit plans using the subaccount  record keeping
system made available  through the Shareholder  Service Agent; (c) redemption of
shares of a shareholder  (including a registered  joint owner) who has died; (d)
redemption of shares of a shareholder  (including a registered  joint owner) who
after  purchase  of the shares  being  redeemed  becomes  totally  disabled  (as
evidenced by a determination by the federal Social Security Administration); (e)
redemptions under each Fund's Systematic Withdrawal Plan at a maximum of 10% per
year of the net asset value of the account;  and (f) redemptions of shares whose
dealer of  record at the time of the  investment  notifies  SDI that the  dealer
waives the discretionary commission applicable to such Large Order NAV Purchase.

Contingent  Deferred Sales Charge -- Class B Shares. A contingent deferred sales
charge may be imposed upon redemption of Class B shares. There is no such charge
upon  redemption of any share  appreciation  or reinvested  dividends on Class B
shares.  The charge is computed at the  following  rates applied to the value of
the shares redeemed, excluding amounts not subject to the charge.               

41

P-->497204th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 204th
Year of Redemption                         Contingent Deferred                  
After Purchase                                 Sales Charge                     
--------------                                 ------------                     

First                                               4%                          
Second                                              3%                          
Third                                               3%                          
Fourth                                              2%                          
Fifth                                               2%                          
Sixth                                               1%                          

The  contingent  deferred  sales charge will be waived:  (a) in the event of the
total disability (as evidenced by a determination by the federal Social Security
Administration)  of  the  shareholder   (including  a  registered  joint  owner)
occurring after the purchase of the shares being  redeemed,  (b) in the event of
the death of the  shareholder  (including a  registered  joint  owner),  (c) for
redemptions made pursuant to a systematic withdrawal plan (see "Special Features
-- Systematic  Withdrawal Plan" below), (d) for redemptions made pursuant to any
IRA systematic  withdrawal based on the shareholder's life expectancy including,
but not limited to,  substantially equal periodic payments described in Internal
Revenue Code Section 72(t)(2)(A)(iv) prior to age 59 1/2 and (e) for redemptions
to satisfy required minimum  distributions  after age 70 1/2 from an IRA account
(with the  maximum  amount  subject  to this  waiver  being  based only upon the
shareholder's  Scudder IRA accounts).  The contingent deferred sales charge will
also be waived in connection  with the following  redemptions  of shares held by
employer  sponsored  employee benefit plans maintained on the subaccount  record
keeping system made available by the Shareholder  Service Agent: (a) redemptions
to satisfy  participant loan advances (note that loan repayments  constitute new
purchases  for  purposes  of  the  contingent  deferred  sales  charge  and  the
conversion   privilege),   (b)   redemptions  in  connection   with   retirement
distributions  (limited at any one time to 10% of the total value of plan assets
invested  in each  Fund),  (c)  redemptions  in  connection  with  distributions
qualifying  under the hardship  provisions of the Internal  Revenue Code and (d)
redemptions representing returns of excess contributions to such plans.         

Contingent  Deferred Sales Charge -- Class C Shares. A contingent deferred sales
charge  of 1% may be  imposed  upon  redemption  of Class C  shares  if they are
redeemed  within  one year of  purchase.  The charge  will not be  imposed  upon
redemption of reinvested dividends or share appreciation.  The charge is applied
to the value of the shares redeemed excluding amounts not subject to the charge.
The  contingent  deferred  sales charge will be waived:  (a) in the event of the
total disability (as evidenced by a determination by the federal Social Security
Administration)  of  the  shareholder   (including  a  registered  joint  owner)
occurring after the purchase of the shares being  redeemed,  (b) in the event of
the death of the  shareholder  (including a  registered  joint  owner),  (c) for
redemptions made pursuant to a systematic withdrawal plan (limited to 10% of the
net asset value of the account during the first year,  see "Special  Features --
Systematic  Withdrawal  Plan"),  (d) for  redemptions  made  pursuant to any IRA
systematic withdrawal based on the shareholder's life expectancy including,  but
not limited to,  substantially  equal  periodic  payments  described in Internal
Revenue Code Section 72(t)(2)(A)(iv) prior to age 59 1/2, (e) for redemptions to
satisfy  required  minimum  distributions  after age 70 1/2 from an IRA  account
(with the  maximum  amount  subject  to this  waiver  being  based only upon the
shareholder's Scudder IRA accounts), (f) for any participant-directed redemption
of shares held by employer  sponsored  employee  benefit plans maintained on the
subaccount record keeping system made available by the Shareholder Service Agent
(g)  redemption of shares by an employer  sponsored  employee  benefit plan that
offers funds in addition to Scudder  Funds and whose dealer of record has waived
the  advance of the first year  administrative  service  and  distribution  fees
applicable  to such shares and agrees to receive  such fees  quarterly,  and (g)
redemption  of shares  purchased  through a  dealer-sponsored  asset  allocation
program  maintained on an omnibus  record-keeping  system provided the dealer of
record had waived the  advance  of the first year  administrative  services  and
distribution  fees applicable to such shares and has agreed to receive such fees
quarterly.                                                                      

Contingent  Deferred  Sales  Charge  --  General.  The  following  example  will
illustrate the operation of the contingent deferred sales charge. Assume that an
investor  makes a single  purchase of $10,000 of each Fund's  Class B shares and
that 16  months  later  the value of the  shares  has  grown by  $1,000  through
reinvested  dividends and by an  additional  $1,000 of share  appreciation  to a
total of  $12,000.  If the  investor  were then to redeem the entire  $12,000 in
share value,  the  contingent  deferred  sales charge would be payable only with
respect to $10,000  because  neither the $1,000 of reinvested  dividends nor the
$1,000 of share  appreciation  is subject to the charge.  The charge would be at
the rate of 3% ($300)  because it was in the second year after the  purchase was
made.                                                                           

The rate of the contingent  deferred sales charge is determined by the length of
the period of ownership.  Investments are tracked on a monthly basis. The period
of  ownership  for this  purpose  begins the first day of the month in which the
order for the investment is received.  For example,  an investment made in March
1998 will be eligible for the second year's                                     

42

P-->497205th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 205th
charge if redeemed on or after March 1, 1999. In the event no specific  order is
requested when redeeming  shares subject to a contingent  deferred sales charge,
the redemption will be made first from shares representing  reinvested dividends
and then from the  earliest  purchase of shares.  SDI  receives  any  contingent
deferred sales charge directly.                                                 

Reinvestment  Privilege.  A shareholder  who has redeemed Class A shares of each
Fund or any other Scudder Fund listed under "Special  Features -- Class A Shares
-- Combined  Purchases"  (other than shares of the Scudder  Cash  Reserves  Fund
purchased  directly  at net asset  value)  may  reinvest  up to the full  amount
redeemed at net asset value at the time of the reinvestment in Class A shares of
each Fund or of the other listed  Scudder  Funds.  A shareholder of each Fund or
other Scudder Funds who redeems Class A shares  purchased  under the Large Order
NAV  Purchase  Privilege  (see  "Purchase  of Shares  --  Initial  Sales  Charge
Alternative -- Class A Shares") or Class B shares or Class C shares and incurs a
contingent  deferred sales charge may reinvest up to the full amount redeemed at
net asset value at the time of the reinvestment,  in the same class of shares as
the case may be,  of each  Fund or of other  Scudder  Funds.  The  amount of any
contingent  deferred  sales  charge also will be  reinvested.  These  reinvested
shares will retain their  original  cost and  purchase  date for purposes of the
contingent deferred sales charge schedule.  Also, a holder of Class B shares who
has  redeemed  shares may  reinvest  up to the full  amount  redeemed,  less any
applicable  contingent deferred sales charge that may have been imposed upon the
redemption of such shares,  at net asset value in Class A shares of each Fund or
of the other Scudder Funds listed under  "Special  Features -- Class A Shares --
Combined Purchases." Purchases through the reinvestment privilege are subject to
the minimum investment requirements applicable to the shares being purchased and
may only be made for Scudder Funds available for sale in the shareholder's state
of residence  as listed  under  "Special  Features -- Exchange  Privilege."  The
reinvestment  privilege  can be used only  once as to any  specific  shares  and
reinvestment must be effected within six months of the redemption.  If a loss is
realized on the redemption of shares of the Fund, the  reinvestment in shares of
each Fund may be subject to the "wash  sale" rules if made within 30 days of the
redemption,  resulting in a  postponement  of the  recognition  of such loss for
federal  income tax purposes.  The  reinvestment  privilege may be terminated or
modified at any time.                                                           

Redemption in Kind. Although it is each Fund's present policy to redeem in cash,
if the Board of Directors  determines  that a material  adverse  effect would be
experienced by the remaining  shareholders  if payment were made wholly in cash,
each  Fund  will  satisfy  the  redemption  request  in  whole  or in  part by a
distribution  of portfolio  securities in lieu of cash,  in conformity  with the
applicable  rules of the SEC,  taking such  securities at the same value used to
determine net asset value,  and  selecting the  securities in such manner as the
Board of Directors may deem fair and equitable. If such a distribution occurred,
shareholders  receiving  securities and selling them could receive less than the
redemption  value  of  such  securities  and in  addition  would  incur  certain
transaction  costs.  Such a  redemption  would not be as liquid as a  redemption
entirely in cash. The Corporation has elected,  however,  to be governed by Rule
18f-1 under the 1940 Act, as a result of which each Fund is  obligated to redeem
shares, with respect to any one shareholder during any 90-day period,  solely in
cash up to the lesser of $250,000 or 1% of the net asset value of a Share at the
beginning of the period.                                                        

Special Features

Class A Shares  --  Combined  Purchases.  Each  Fund's  Class A  shares  (or the
equivalent)  may be purchased  at the rate  applicable  to the discount  bracket
attained by  combining  concurrent  investments  in Class A shares of any of the
following Funds:  Scudder 21st Century Growth Fund,  Scudder  Aggressive  Growth
Fund, Scudder Blue Chip Fund,  Scudder California  Tax-Free Income Fund, Scudder
Capital Growth Fund, Scudder Cash Reserves Fund (available only upon exchange or
conversion  from Class A shares of another  Scudder  Fund),  Scudder  Contrarian
Fund,  Scudder Dividend & Growth Fund,  Scudder-Dreman  Financial Services Fund,
Scudder Global Discovery Fund,  Scudder-Dreman  High Return Equity Fund, Scudder
Dynamic  Growth Fund,  Scudder  Emerging  Markets Income Fund,  Scudder  Florida
Tax-Free Income Fund, Scudder Focus Growth Fund, Scudder Focus Value Plus Growth
Fund,  Scudder Global Fund, Scudder Global Bond Fund, Scudder Gold Fund, Scudder
Growth Fund,  Scudder Growth and Income Fund,  Scudder Health Care Fund, Scudder
High-Yield  Fund,  Scudder  High-Yield   Opportunity  Fund,  Scudder  High-Yield
Tax-Free  Fund,  Scudder  Income  Fund,  Scudder   International  Fund,  Scudder
International  Research Fund,  Scudder Large Company Growth Fund,  Scudder Large
Company Value Fund,  Scudder  Managed  Municipal  Bonds,  Scudder  Massachusetts
Tax-Free Fund, Scudder Medium-Term Tax-Free Fund, Scudder New Europe Fund, Inc.,
Scudder New York Tax-Free  Income Fund,  Scudder  Pathway Series -- Conservative
Portfolio, Scudder Pathway Series -- Growth Portfolio, Scudder Pathway Series --
Moderate  Portfolio,  Scudder Research Fund,  Inc.,  Scudder S&P 500 Stock Fund,
Scudder  Small Cap  Value  Fund,  Scudder  Small  Company  Stock  Fund,  Scudder
Strategic  Income  Fund,  Scudder  Target  Equity Fund  (series are subject to a
limited offering period), Scudder Technology Fund, Scudder Technology Innovation
Fund,  Scudder Total Return Fund, Scudder U.S.  Government  Securities Fund, The
Japan Fund, Inc., ("Scudder Funds"). Except as noted below, there is no combined
purchase  credit for direct  purchases  of shares of Zurich  Money  Funds,  Cash
Equivalent  Fund,  Tax-Exempt  California Money Market Fund, Cash Account Trust,
Investor's  Municipal Cash Fund or Investors Cash Trust ("Money Market  Funds"),
which are not considered a "Scudder Fund" for purposes  hereof.  For            

43

P-->497206th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 206th
purposes of the Combined  Purchases  feature  described above as well as for the
Letter of Intent and Cumulative  Discount  features  described  below,  employer
sponsored employee benefit plans using the subaccount record keeping system made
available  through the Shareholder  Service Agent may include:  (a) Money Market
Funds as "Scudder  Funds," (b) all classes of shares of any Scudder Fund and (c)
the value of any other plan investments, such as guaranteed investment contracts
and employer stock, maintained on such subaccount record keeping system.        

Class A Shares -- Letter of Intent.  The same reduced  sales charges for Class A
shares,  as shown in the  applicable  prospectus,  also  apply to the  aggregate
amount of  purchases of such  Scudder  Funds listed above made by any  purchaser
within a 24-month period under a written Letter of Intent ("Letter") provided by
SDI. The Letter,  which  imposes no  obligation  to purchase or sell  additional
Class A shares, provides for a price adjustment depending upon the actual amount
purchased  within  such  period.  The Letter  provides  that the first  purchase
following  execution  of the  Letter  must be at least 5% of the  amount  of the
intended  purchase,  and that 5% of the amount of the intended purchase normally
will be held in escrow in the form of shares pending  completion of the intended
purchase.  If the total  investments under the Letter are less than the intended
amount and thereby  qualify only for a higher sales charge than  actually  paid,
the  appropriate  number of escrowed  shares are redeemed and the proceeds  used
toward  satisfaction  of the obligation to pay the increased  sales charge.  The
Letter  for  an  employer-sponsored  employee  benefit  plan  maintained  on the
subaccount record keeping system available through the Shareholder Service Agent
may have special  provisions  regarding  payment of any  increased  sales charge
resulting from a failure to complete the intended  purchase under the Letter.  A
shareholder may include the value (at the maximum  offering price) of all shares
of such Scudder  Funds held of record as of the initial  purchase date under the
Letter as an "accumulation  credit" toward the completion of the Letter,  but no
price adjustment will be made on such shares. Only investments in Class A shares
are included for this privilege.                                                

Class A Shares -- Cumulative  Discount.  Class A shares of each Fund may also be
purchased at the rate applicable to the discount  bracket  attained by adding to
the cost of shares of each Fund being purchased, the value of all Class A shares
of the above mentioned  Scudder Funds (computed at the maximum offering price at
the time of the purchase for which the discount is applicable)  already owned by
the investor.                                                                   

Class A Shares  --  Availability  of  Quantity  Discounts.  An  investor  or the
investor's  dealer or other financial  services firm must notify the Shareholder
Service  Agent or SDI  whenever a quantity  discount or reduced  sales charge is
applicable to a purchase. Upon such notification,  the investor will receive the
lowest  applicable  sales  charge.  Quantity  discounts  described  above may be
modified or terminated at any time.                                             

Exchange  Privilege.  Shareholders  of Class A,  Class B and Class C shares  may
exchange  their shares for shares of the  corresponding  class of other  Scudder
Funds in accordance with the provisions below.                                  

Class A Shares.  Class A shares  of the  Scudder  Funds and  shares of the Money
Market  Funds  listed  under  "Special  Features  -- Class A Shares --  Combined
Scudder"  above may be  exchanged  for each  other at their  relative  net asset
values.  Shares of Money Market Funds and the Scudder  Cash  Reserves  Fund that
were  acquired  by  purchase  (not   including   shares   acquired  by  dividend
reinvestment) are subject to the applicable sales charge on exchange.  Series of
Scudder  Target  Equity Fund are  available on exchange only during the Offering
Period  for  such  series  as  described  in  the  applicable  prospectus.  Cash
Equivalent  Fund,  Tax-Exempt  California Money Market Fund, Cash Account Trust,
Investors Municipal Cash Fund and Investors Cash Trust are available on exchange
but only through a financial services firm having a services agreement with SDI.

Class A shares  of each Fund  purchased  under  the  Large  Order  NAV  Purchase
Privilege may be exchanged for Class A shares of another Scudder Fund or a Money
Market Fund under the exchange  privilege  described  above  without  paying any
contingent deferred sales charge at the time of exchange.  If the Class A shares
received on exchange are redeemed thereafter, a contingent deferred sales charge
may be imposed in accordance with the foregoing  requirements  provided that the
shares  redeemed will retain their  original cost and purchase date for purposes
of calculating the contingent deferred sales charge.                            

Class B  Shares.  Class B shares  of each  Fund and  Class B shares of any other
Scudder  Fund  listed  under  "Special  Features  -- Class A Shares --  Combined
Purchases"  may be exchanged for each other at their  relative net asset values.
Class B shares may be exchanged without a contingent deferred sales charge being
imposed at the time of exchange.  For  purposes of  calculating  the  contingent
deferred  sales  charge that may be imposed upon the  redemption  of the Class B
shares received on exchange,  amounts  exchanged  retain their original cost and
purchase date.                                                                  

Class C  Shares.  Class C shares  of each  Fund and  Class C shares of any other
Scudder  Fund  listed  under  "Special  Features  -- Class A Shares --  Combined
Purchases"  may be exchanged for each other at their  relative net asset values.

44

P-->497207th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 207th
Class C shares may be exchanged without a contingent deferred sales charge being
imposed at the time of exchange.  For purposes of determining whether there is a
contingent  deferred sales charge that may be imposed upon the redemption of the
Class C shares  received by exchange,  they retain the cost and purchase date of
the shares that were originally purchased and exchanged.                        

General.  Shares of a Scudder Fund with a value in excess of $1,000,000  (except
Scudder Cash Reserves Fund) acquired by exchange  through  another Scudder Fund,
or from a Money Market Fund,  may not be  exchanged  thereafter  until they have
been owned for 15 days (the "15-Day  Hold  Policy").  In  addition,  shares of a
Scudder Fund with a value of  $1,000,000  or less (except  Scudder Cash Reserves
Fund)  acquired by exchange  from another  Scudder  Fund, or from a money market
fund,  may not be exchanged  thereafter  until they have been owned for 15 days,
if, in the Advisor's judgment,  the exchange activity may have an adverse effect
on the fund. In particular, a pattern of exchanges that coincides with a "market
timing"  strategy may be  disruptive  to the Scudder Fund and  therefore  may be
subject to the 15-Day Hold Policy.                                              

For  purposes  of  determining  whether  the  15-Day  Hold  Policy  applies to a
particular  exchange,  the value of the shares to be exchanged shall be computed
by aggregating the value of shares being exchanged for all accounts under common
control,   discretion  or  advice,  including,   without  limitation,   accounts
administered  by  a  financial  services  firm  offering  market  timing,  asset
allocation or similar  services.  The total value of shares being exchanged must
at least equal the minimum investment requirement of the Scudder Fund into which
they are being exchanged.  Exchanges are made based on relative dollar values of
the shares  involved in the  exchange.  There is no service fee for an exchange;
however,  dealers  or other  firms may charge for their  services  in  effecting
exchange transactions. Exchanges will be effected by redemption of shares of the
fund held and  purchase  of shares of the other  fund.  For  federal  income tax
purposes,  any such exchange constitutes a sale upon which a gain or loss may be
realized, depending upon whether the value of the shares being exchanged is more
or less than the shareholder's adjusted cost basis of such shares.  Shareholders
interested in exercising the exchange  privilege may obtain  prospectuses of the
other Funds from dealers, other firms or SDI. Exchanges may be accomplished by a
written request to Scudder  Investments  Service  Company,  Attention:  Exchange
Department,  P.O. Box 219557, Kansas City, Missouri 64121-9557,  or by telephone
if the shareholder has given  authorization.  Once the authorization is on file,
the   Shareholder   Service   Agent  will  honor   requests  by   telephone   at
1-800-621-1048,  subject to the  limitations on liability  under  "Redemption or
Repurchase of Shares -- General." Any share certificates must be deposited prior
to any exchange of such shares.  During  periods when it is difficult to contact
the  Shareholder  Service  Agent by  telephone,  it may be  difficult to use the
telephone exchange  privilege.  The exchange privilege is not a right and may be
suspended,  terminated  or modified at any time.  Exchanges may only be made for
Funds  that are  available  for sale in the  shareholder's  state of  residence.
Currently, Tax-Exempt California Money Market Fund is available for sale only in
California  and  Investors  Municipal  Cash Fund is  available  for sale only in
certain  states.  Except as otherwise  permitted by applicable  regulations,  60
days'  prior  written  notice of any  termination  or  material  change  will be
provided.                                                                       

Systematic Exchange  Privilege.  The owner of $1,000 or more of any class of the
shares  of a Scudder  Fund or Money  Market  Fund may  authorize  the  automatic
exchange  of a specified  amount ($50  minimum) of such shares for shares of the
same class of another such Scudder  Fund.  If selected,  exchanges  will be made
automatically   until  the  shareholder  or  the  Scudder  Fund  terminates  the
privilege.  Exchanges are subject to the terms and  conditions  described  above
under  "Exchange   Privilege,"   except  that  the  $1,000  minimum   investment
requirement  for the Scudder Fund acquired on exchange is not  applicable.  This
privilege may not be used for the exchange of shares held in certificated form. 

QuickBuy and QuickSell. QuickBuy and QuickSell permits the transfer of money via
the Automated  ClearingHouse  System  (minimum $50 and maximum  $250,000) from a
shareholder's bank, savings and loan, or credit union account to purchase shares
in the Fund.  Shareholders  can also  redeem  Shares  (minimum  $50 and  maximum
$250,000)  from their Fund  account  and  transfer  the  proceeds to their bank,
savings and loan, or credit union checking account. Shares purchased by check or
through QuickBuy or Bank Direct Deposit may not be redeemed under this privilege
until  such  Shares  have  been  owned  for at least 10 days.  By  enrolling  in
QuickBuy,  the shareholder authorizes the Shareholder Service Agent to rely upon
telephone instructions from any person to transfer the specified amounts between
the shareholder's  Fund account and the predesignated  bank, savings and loan or
credit union account,  subject to the limitations on liability under "Redemption
or  Repurchase of Shares -- General."  Once enrolled in QuickBuy,  a shareholder
can initiate a transaction by calling Scudder Shareholder  Services toll free at
1-800-621-1048,  Monday  through  Friday,  8:00 a.m. to 3:00 p.m.  Chicago time.
Shareholders  may terminate this privilege by sending  written notice to Scudder
Investments Service Company,  P.O. Box 219415, Kansas City, Missouri 64121-9415.
Termination will become  effective as soon as the Shareholder  Service Agent has
had a reasonable amount of time to act upon the request.  QuickBuy and QuickSell
cannot be used with passbook savings accounts or for tax-deferred  plans such as
Individual Retirement Accounts ("IRAs").                                        

45

P-->497208th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 208th
Bank Direct Deposit.  A shareholder may purchase  additional shares of each Fund
through an automatic  investment program.  With the Bank Direct Deposit Purchase
Plan  ("Bank  Direct  Deposit"),  investments  are made  automatically  (maximum
$250,000) from the shareholder's  account at a bank,  savings and loan or credit
union into the shareholder's Fund account.  By enrolling in Bank Direct Deposit,
the  shareholder  authorizes  each Fund and its agents to either  draw checks or
initiate Automated ClearingHouse debits against the designated account at a bank
or other financial institution. This privilege may be selected by completing the
appropriate  section on the Account Application or by contacting the Shareholder
Service Agent for appropriate forms. A shareholder may terminate his or her Plan
by sending  written  notice to Scudder  Investments  Service  Company,  P.O. Box
219415,  Kansas City,  Missouri 64121-9415.  Termination by a shareholder  will
become  effective  within  thirty days after the  Shareholder  Service Agent has
received the request.  Each Fund may immediately  terminate a shareholder's Plan
in the event that any item is unpaid by the shareholder's financial institution.
Each Fund may terminate or modify this privilege at any time.                   

Payroll Direct Deposit and Government  Direct Deposit.  A shareholder may invest
in each Fund through Payroll Direct Deposit or Government Direct Deposit.  Under
these programs,  all or a portion of a shareholder's net pay or government check
is automatically invested in the Fund account each payment period. A shareholder
may terminate  participation  in these  programs by giving written notice to the
shareholder's employer or government agency, as appropriate.  (A reasonable time
to act is  required.)  Each Fund is not  responsible  for the  efficiency of the
employer or government  agency making the payment or any financial  institutions
transmitting payments.                                                          

Systematic  Withdrawal  Plan.  The  owner of  $5,000  or more of a class of each
Fund's shares at the offering  price (net asset value plus, in the case of Class
A shares, the initial sales charge) may provide for the payment from the owner's
account of any  requested  dollar amount to be paid to the owner or a designated
payee monthly,  quarterly,  semiannually or annually. The $5,000 minimum account
size is not applicable to Individual  Retirement Accounts.  The minimum periodic
payment is $50. The maximum  annual rate at which Class B shares may be redeemed
(and Class A shares  purchased under the Large Order NAV Purchase  Privilege and
Class C shares in their first year  following the  purchase)  under a systematic
withdrawal  plan  is 10% of the net  asset  value  of the  account.  Shares  are
redeemed so that the payee will receive payment  approximately  the first of the
month. Any income and capital gain dividends will be automatically reinvested at
net asset  value.  A  sufficient  number of full and  fractional  shares will be
redeemed to make the designated payment. Depending upon the size of the payments
requested  and  fluctuations  in the net  asset  value of the  shares  redeemed,
redemptions  for the purpose of making such  payments may reduce or even exhaust
the account.                                                                    

The purchase of Class A shares while  participating  in a systematic  withdrawal
plan will  ordinarily be  disadvantageous  to the investor  because the investor
will be paying a sales  charge on the  purchase  of shares at the same time that
the investor is redeeming shares upon which a sales charge may have already been
paid. Therefore,  each Fund will not knowingly permit additional  investments of
less  than  $2,000  if  the  investor  is at the  same  time  making  systematic
withdrawals.  SDI will waive the contingent deferred sales charge on redemptions
of Class A shares purchased under the Large Order NAV Purchase Privilege,  Class
B shares and Class C shares made pursuant to a systematic  withdrawal  plan. The
right is reserved to amend the  systematic  withdrawal  plan on 30 days' notice.
The plan may be terminated at any time by the investor or each Fund.            

Tax-Sheltered   Retirement   Plans.  The  Shareholder   Service  Agent  provides
retirement plan services and documents and SDI can establish  investor  accounts
in any of the following types of retirement plans:                              

o        Traditional,   Roth  and  Education   Individual   Retirement  Accounts
         ("IRAs").  This includes Savings  Incentive Match Plan for Employees of
         Small Employers  ("SIMPLE"),  Simplified  Employee Pension Plan ("SEP")
IRA accounts and prototype documents.                         

o        403(b)(7)  Custodial  Accounts.  This  type  of plan  is  available  to
employees of most non-profit organizations.                   

o        Prototype  money  purchase  pension  and  profit-sharing  plans  may be
         adopted by employers.  The maximum annual  contribution per participant
is the lesser of 25% of compensation or $30,000.              

Brochures  describing  the above plans as well as model defined  benefit  plans,
target benefit plans, 457 plans, 401(k) plans, simple 401(k) plans and materials
for  establishing  them are available  from the  Shareholder  Service Agent upon
request.   Investors   should  consult  with  their  own  tax  advisors   before
establishing a retirement plan.                                                 

Each Fund may suspend the right of  redemption  or delay payment more than seven
days (a) during any period  when the  Exchange  is closed  other than  customary
weekend  and  holiday  closings  or during  any  period in which  trading on the
Exchange  is  restricted,  (b) during any period when an  emergency  exists as a
result  of which  (i)  disposal  of the  Fund's                                 

46

P-->497209th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 209th
investments  is  not  reasonably  practicable,  or  (ii)  it is  not  reasonably
practicable  for each Fund to determine the value of its net assets,  or (c) for
such other  periods as the SEC may by order  permit  for the  protection  of the
Fund's shareholders.                                                            

The  conversion  of Class B  Shares  to Class A  Shares  may be  subject  to the
continuing availability of an opinion of counsel, ruling by the Internal Revenue
Service or other  assurance  acceptable  to each Fund to the effect that (a) the
assessment of the  distribution  services fee with respect to Class B Shares and
not  Class A Shares  does  not  result  in each  Fund's  dividends  constituting
"preferential  dividends"  under the  Internal  Revenue  Code,  and (b) that the
conversion  of Class B Shares to Class A Shares  does not  constitute  a taxable
event under the Internal Revenue Code. The conversion of Class B Shares to Class
A Shares may be suspended if such assurance is not available.  In that event, no
further  conversions of Class B Shares would occur, and Shares might continue to
be subject to the  distribution  services fee for an indefinite  period that may
extend beyond the proposed conversion date as described in the prospectus.      

DIVIDENDS, CAPITAL GAINS AND TAXES

Each Fund intends to follow the practice of  distributing  all of its investment
company  taxable  income,  which includes any excess of net realized  short-term
capital gains over net realized  long-term capital losses.  Each Fund may follow
the practice of distributing the entire excess of net realized long-term capital
gains over net realized short-term capital losses. However, each Fund may retain
all or part of such gain for  reinvestment  after  paying  the  related  federal
income  taxes  for which  the  shareholders  may then be asked to claim a credit
against their federal income tax liability. (See "Taxes" hereafter.)            

If the Fund does not  distribute  the amount of  capital  gain  and/or  ordinary
income  required to be  distributed  by an excise tax provision of the Code, the
Fund may be subject to that excise tax. In certain circumstances,  each Fund may
determine that it is in the interest of shareholders to distribute less than the
required amount.                                                                

Earnings and profits  distributed to  shareholders on redemptions of Fund shares
may be utilized by the Fund, to the extent  permissible,  as part of each Fund's
dividends paid deduction on its federal tax return.                             

Each Fund intends to distribute  its investment  company  taxable income and any
net realized  capital gains in November or December to avoid federal excise tax,
although an additional distribution may be made if necessary.                   

Both  types  of  distributions   will  be  made  in  shares  of  each  Fund  and
confirmations  will be  mailed  to each  shareholder  unless a  shareholder  has
elected to receive  cash, in which case a check will be sent.  Distributions  of
investment  company  taxable income and net realized  capital gains are taxable,
whether made in Shares or cash.                                                 

Each  distribution  is  accompanied  by a  brief  explanation  of the  form  and
character of the  distribution.  The  characterization  of distributions on such
correspondence may differ from the characterization for federal tax purposes. In
January of each year each Fund issues to each  shareholder  a  statement  of the
federal income tax status of all distributions in the prior calendar year.      

Dividends  paid by each Fund with  respect to each  class of its shares  will be
calculated  in the same manner,  at the same time and on the same day. The level
of income dividends per share (as a percentage of net asset value) will be lower
for Class B and Class C shares than for Class A shares  primarily as a result of
the  distribution  services  fee  applicable  to  Class B and  Class  C  shares.
Distributions  of capital gains, if any, will be paid in the same proportion for
each class.                                                                     

Income and  capital  gain  dividends,  if any,  of each Fund will be credited to
shareholder accounts in full and fractional shares of the same class of the Fund
at net asset value on the reinvestment  date,  except that, upon written request
to the Shareholder  Service Agent, a shareholder may select one of the following
options:                                                                        

o        To receive  income and  short-term  capital gain  dividends in cash and
         long-term  capital  gain  dividends  in shares of the same class at net
asset value; or                                               

o        To receive income and capital gain dividends in cash.                  

Dividends  will be  reinvested  in Shares of the same class of each Fund  unless
shareholders  indicate in writing  that they wish to receive  them in cash or in
shares of other Scudder Funds with multiple classes of shares as provided in the
prospectus. See "Special Features -- Class A Shares -- Combined Purchases" for a
list of such other Funds.  To use this  privilege of investing  dividends of the
Fund in shares of another Scudder,  shareholders must maintain a minimum        

47

P-->497210th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 210th
account value of $1,000 in the Fund  distributing  the dividends.  The Fund will
reinvest  dividend checks (and future dividends) in shares of that same Fund and
class if checks are returned as undeliverable. Dividends and other distributions
of each Fund in the aggregate amount of $10 or less are automatically reinvested
in shares of the Fund unless the  shareholder  requests  that such policy not be
applied to the shareholder's account.                                           

Taxes.  Each Fund has  elected to be treated as a regulated  investment  company
under  Subchapter M of the Code, or a  predecessor  statute and has qualified as
such since its  inception.  Such  qualification  does not  involve  governmental
supervision or management of investment practices or policy.                    

A regulated  investment  company  qualifying  under  Subchapter M of the Code is
required to distribute to its shareholders at least 90 percent of its investment
company taxable income (including net short-term  capital gain) and generally is
not subject to federal income tax to the extent that it distributes annually its
investment  company taxable income and net realized  capital gains in the manner
required under the Code.                                                        

If for any taxable year a Fund does not qualify for special  federal  income tax
treatment afforded  regulated  investment  companies,  all of its taxable income
will be subject to federal  income tax at regular  corporate  rates (without any
deduction for  distributions to its  shareholders).  In such an event,  dividend
distributions  would be  taxable  to  shareholders  to the  extent of the Fund's
earnings and profits, and would be eligible for the dividends received deduction
in the case of corporate shareholders.                                          

Each Fund is subject to a 4% nondeductible  excise tax on amounts required to be
but not distributed under a prescribed formula.  The formula requires payment to
shareholders  during a calendar year of distributions  representing at least 98%
of the Fund's  ordinary income for the calendar year, at least 98% of the excess
of its capital gains over capital losses  (adjusted for certain ordinary losses)
realized  during the one-year period ending October 31 during such year, and all
ordinary  income and  capital  gains for prior  years  that were not  previously
distributed.                                                                    

Investment  company taxable income  generally is made up of dividends,  interest
and net short-term capital gains in excess of net long-term capital losses, less
expenses.  Net realized  capital  gains for a fiscal year are computed by taking
into account any capital loss carryforward of a Fund.                           

From   November  1,  2000  through   August  31,  2001,   Global  Fund  incurred
approximately  $13,879,000 of net realized  capital losses.  As permitted by tax
regulations,  the Fund  intends to elect to defer these losses and treat them as
arising in the fiscal year ending August 31, 2002.                              

From  November 1, 2000 through  August 31,  2001,  International  Fund  incurred
approximately  $626,984,000 of net realized capital losses.  As permitted by tax
regulations,  the Fund  intends to elect to defer these losses and treat them as
arising in the fiscal year ending August 31, 2002.                              

If any net realized long-term capital gains in excess of net realized short-term
capital losses are retained by a Fund for reinvestment, requiring federal income
taxes to be paid  thereon by the Fund,  the Fund  intends to elect to treat such
capital gains as having been  distributed  to  shareholders.  As a result,  each
shareholder will report such capital gains as long-term  capital gains,  will be
able to claim a proportionate  share of federal income taxes paid by the Fund on
such gains as a credit against the  shareholder's  federal income tax liability,
and will be entitled to increase  the  adjusted  tax basis of the  shareholder's
Fund shares by the difference  between such reported gains and the shareholder's
tax credit.                                                                     

Distributions  of investment  company taxable income are taxable to shareholders
as ordinary income.                                                             

Dividends from domestic  corporations are not expected to comprise a substantial
part of each Fund's gross income. If any such dividends  constitute a portion of
a Fund's gross income, a portion of the income  distributions of the Fund may be
eligible  for  the  70%  deduction  for  dividends   received  by  corporations.
Shareholders will be informed of the portion of dividends which so qualify.  The
dividends-received  deduction is reduced to the extent the shares of a Fund with
respect to which the dividends are received are treated as  debt-financed  under
federal income tax law and is eliminated if either those shares or the shares of
the Fund are  deemed to have been held by the Fund or the  shareholders,  as the
case may be, for less than 46 days during the 90-day  period  beginning  45 days
before the shares become ex-dividend.                                           

Properly  designated  distributions of the excess of net long-term  capital gain
over net  short-term  capital  loss are  taxable to  shareholders  as  long-term
capital gains, regardless of the length of time the shares of the Fund have been
held  by  such  shareholders.  Such  distributions  are  not  eligible  for  the
dividends-received  deduction.  Any loss realized upon the                      

48

P-->497211th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 211th
redemption of shares held at the time of redemption  for six months or less will
be treated as a long-term  capital loss to the extent of any amounts  treated as
distributions of long-term capital gain during such six-month period.           

Distributions  of investment  company  taxable  income and net realized  capital
gains will be taxable as described above, whether received in shares or in cash.
Shareholders  electing to receive distributions in the form of additional Shares
will have a cost basis for federal income tax purposes in each Share so received
equal to the net asset value of a Share on the reinvestment date.               

All distributions of investment  company taxable income and net realized capital
gain,  whether  received  in  shares  or in  cash,  must  be  reported  by  each
shareholder  on his or her  federal  income tax  return.  Dividends  declared in
October,  November or December with a record date in such a month will be deemed
to have been received by  shareholders on December 31, if paid during January of
the following  year.  Redemptions of shares,  including  exchanges for shares of
another  Scudder  Fund,  may  result in tax  consequences  (gain or loss) to the
shareholder and are also subject to these reporting requirements.               

A qualifying  individual may make a deductible IRA  contribution for any taxable
year only if (i) neither the  individual  nor his or her spouse  (unless  filing
separate returns) is an active participant in an employer's  retirement plan, or
(ii) the individual (and his or her spouse, if applicable) has an adjusted gross
income below a certain level in 2001 ($53,000 for married  individuals  filing a
joint  return,  with a phase-out  of the  deduction  for  adjusted  gross income
between $53,000 and $63,000;  $33,000 for a single individual,  with a phase-out
for adjusted gross income between $33,000 and $43,000).  However,  an individual
not permitted to make a deductible  contribution  to an IRA for any such taxable
year may nonetheless make nondeductible contributions up to $2,000 to an IRA (up
to $2,000  per  individual  for  married  couples  if only one spouse has earned
income) for that year. The $2000 limit on contributions  (whether  deductible or
nondeductible)  is increased to $3,000 for 2002 through 2004.  In addition,  for
2002 through 2005, individuals who are age 50 or older will be permitted to make
additional "catch-up" contributions of $500 in each of those years. In addition,
a temporary nonrefundable income tax credit of up to $1,000 may be available for
certain individuals with low and middle incomes for 2002 through 2006. There are
special rules for determining how withdrawals are to be taxed if an IRA contains
both deductible and nondeductible amounts. In general, a proportionate amount of
each  withdrawal  will be deemed to be made  from  nondeductible  contributions;
amounts treated as a return of nondeductible  contributions will not be taxable.
Also,  annual  contributions may be made to a spousal IRA even if the spouse has
earnings  in a given  year if the  spouse  elects  to be  treated  as  having no
earnings (for IRA contribution purposes) for the year.                          

Distributions  by a Fund  result in a  reduction  in the net asset  value of the
Fund's  shares.  Should  a  distribution  reduce  the net  asset  value  below a
shareholder's cost basis, such distribution would nevertheless be taxable to the
shareholder as ordinary income or capital gain as described above,  even though,
from an investment standpoint, it may constitute a partial return of capital. In
particular, investors should consider the tax implications of buying shares just
prior to a distribution. The price of shares purchased at that time includes the
amount  of the  forthcoming  distribution.  Those  purchasing  just  prior  to a
distribution   will  then   receive  a  partial   return  of  capital  upon  the
distribution, which will nevertheless be taxable to them.                       

In some cases,  shareholders  of a Fund will not be  permitted  to take all or a
portion of their sales loads into account for purposes of determining the amount
of gain or loss realized on the  disposition of their shares.  This  prohibition
generally applies where (1) the shareholder incurs a sales load in acquiring the
shares of the Fund, (2) the shares are disposed of before the 91st day after the
date on which they were acquired, and (3) the shareholder  subsequently acquires
shares in the Fund or another  regulated  investment  company and the  otherwise
applicable  sales charge is reduced under a  "reinvestment  right" received upon
the initial  purchase of Fund shares.  The term " reinvestment  right" means any
right to acquire shares of one or more regulated  investment  companies  without
the payment of a sales load or with the payment of a reduced sales charge. Sales
charges  affected by this rule are treated as if they were incurred with respect
to the shares  acquired  under the  reinvestment  right.  This  provision may be
applied to successive acquisitions of fund shares.                              

Dividend and interest income received by the Funds from sources outside the U.S.
may  be  subject  to  withholding  and  other  taxes  imposed  by  such  foreign
jurisdictions. Tax conventions between certain countries and the U.S. may reduce
or eliminate these foreign taxes,  however,  and foreign countries  generally do
not impose taxes on capital gains respecting  investments by foreign  investors.
Each Fund  intends  to qualify  for and may make the  election  permitted  under
Section 853 of the Code so that  shareholders  may (subject to  limitations)  be
able to claim a credit or deduction on their federal income tax returns for, and
will be required to treat as part of the amounts  distributed to them, their pro
rata portion of qualified  taxes paid by each Fund to foreign  countries  (which
taxes relate  primarily to  investment  income).  Each Fund may make an election
under  Section 853 of the Code,  provided that more than 50% of the value of the
total assets of the Fund at the close of the taxable year consists of securities
in foreign  corporations.  The foreign tax credit  available to                 

49

P-->497212th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 212th
shareholders is subject to certain  limitations  imposed by the Code,  except in
the case of certain electing  individual  taxpayers who have limited  creditable
foreign taxes and no foreign  source  income other than passive  investment-type
income.  Furthermore,  the  foreign  tax credit is  eliminated  with  respect to
foreign taxes withheld on dividends if the dividend-paying  shares or the shares
of the Fund are held by the  Fund or the  shareholder,  as the case may be,  for
less than 16 days (46 days in the case of  preferred  shares)  during the 30-day
period  (90-day  period for  preferred  shares)  beginning  15 days (45 days for
preferred  shares) before the shares become  ex-dividend.  In addition,  if each
Fund fails to satisfy these holding period  requirements,  it cannot elect under
Section 853 to pass through to shareholders the ability to claim a deduction for
the related foreign taxes.                                                      

If a Fund does not make the  election  permitted  under  section 853 any foreign
taxes paid or accrued  will  represent  an expense to the Fund which will reduce
its investment company taxable income.  Absent this election,  shareholders will
not be able to claim  either a credit or a deduction  for their pro rata portion
of such taxes paid by the Fund,  nor will  shareholders  be required to treat as
part of the  amounts  distributed  to them their pro rata  portion of such taxes
paid.                                                                           

Equity options  (including  covered call options written on portfolio stock) and
over-the-counter  options on debt securities written or purchased by a Fund will
be subject to tax under  Section 1234 of the Code.  In general,  no loss will be
recognized by a Fund upon payment of a premium in  connection  with the purchase
of a put or call  option.  The  character of any gain or loss  recognized  (i.e.
long-term or short-term) will generally  depend,  in the case of a lapse or sale
of the option,  on the Fund's holding period for the option,  and in the case of
the exercise of a put option,  on the Fund's  holding  period for the underlying
property.  The purchase of a put option may  constitute a short sale for federal
income tax purposes, causing an adjustment in the holding period of any stock in
a Fund's portfolio  similar to the stocks on which the index is based. If a Fund
writes an option,  no gain is recognized  upon its receipt of a premium.  If the
option  lapses or is  closed  out,  any gain or loss is  treated  as  short-term
capital gain or loss. If a call option is  exercised,  the character of the gain
or loss depends on the holding period of the underlying stock.                  

Positions  of a Fund which  consist of at least one stock and at least one stock
option or other position with respect to a related security which  substantially
diminishes  the Fund's risk of loss with  respect to such stock could be treated
as a "straddle"  which is governed by Section 1092 of the Code, the operation of
which may cause deferral of losses, adjustments in the holding periods of stocks
or securities and conversion of short-term capital losses into long-term capital
losses.  An exception  to these  straddle  rules  exists for certain  "qualified
covered call options" on stock written by a Fund.                               

Many futures and forward  contracts  entered into by a Fund and listed nonequity
options written or purchased by the Fund (including  options on debt securities,
options on futures  contracts,  options on  securities  indices  and  options on
currencies), will be governed by Section 1256 of the Code. Absent a tax election
to the contrary, gain or loss attributable to the lapse, exercise or closing out
of any  such  position  generally  will  be  treated  as 60%  long-term  and 40%
short-term,  and  on  the  last  trading  day of the  Fund's  fiscal  year,  all
outstanding Section 1256 positions will be marked to market (i.e., treated as if
such  positions  were closed out at their closing  price on such day),  with any
resulting  gain or loss  recognized as 60% long-term and 40%  short-term.  Under
Section 988 of the Code,  discussed  below,  foreign  currency gain or loss from
foreign  currency-related  forward  contracts,  certain  futures and options and
similar  financial  instruments  entered  into or  acquired by each Fund will be
treated as ordinary income or loss.                                             

Notwithstanding  any of the  foregoing,  each Fund may  recognize  gain (but not
loss) from a constructive sale of certain  "appreciated  financial positions" if
the Fund enters  into a short  sale,  offsetting  notional  principal  contract,
futures or forward contract transaction with respect to the appreciated position
or substantially identical property.  Appreciated financial positions subject to
this constructive sale treatment are interests  (including options,  futures and
forward  contracts  and short sales) in stock,  partnership  interests,  certain
actively traded trust  instruments and certain debt  instruments.  A transaction
during  the  tax  year  that  would  otherwise  be a  constructive  sale  may be
disregarded  if 1) the  transaction is closed by the 30th day after the close of
the tax year,  and 2) the  taxpayer  holds the  appreciated  financial  position
(without  reduction of risk of loss)  throughout the 60-day period following the
date of closing of the  transaction.  Similarly,  if a Fund  enters into a short
sale of property that becomes substantially  worthless,  the Fund will recognize
gain at that time as though it had closed the short sale. Future regulations may
apply  similar  treatment to other  transactions  with respect to property  that
becomes substantially worthless.                                                

Under the Code,  gains or losses  attributable to fluctuations in exchange rates
which  occur  between  the  time  a  Fund  accrues  receivables  or  liabilities
denominated in a foreign  currency and the time the Fund actually  collects such
receivables or pays such liabilities generally are treated as ordinary income or
ordinary loss.  Similarly,  on disposition of debt  securities  denominated in a
foreign  currency and on  disposition  of certain  options,  futures and forward
contracts,  gains or losses attributable to fluctuations in the value of foreign
currency  between the date of  acquisition  of the  security                    

50

P-->497213th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 213th
or contract and the date of  disposition  are also  treated as ordinary  gain or
loss.  These gains or losses,  referred to under the Code as "Section 988" gains
or losses,  may increase or decrease the amount of the Fund's investment company
taxable income to be distributed to its shareholders as ordinary income.        

If a Fund invests in stock of certain foreign investment companies, the Fund may
be  subject  to  U.S.  federal  income  taxation  on a  portion  of any  "excess
distribution"  with respect to, or gain from the disposition of, such stock. The
tax would be determined by allocating such  distribution or gain ratably to each
day of the Fund's  holding  period for the stock.  The  distribution  or gain so
allocated  to any taxable  year of the Fund,  other than the taxable year of the
excess  distribution or  disposition,  would be taxed to the Fund at the highest
ordinary  income  rate in effect  for such  year,  and the tax would be  further
increased by an interest  charge to reflect the value of the tax deferral deemed
to have resulted from the ownership of the foreign  company's  stock. Any amount
of  distribution  or gain allocated to the taxable year of the  distribution  or
disposition  would be included in the Fund's  investment  company taxable income
and, accordingly,  would not be taxable to the Fund to the extent distributed by
the Fund as a dividend to its shareholders.                                     

Each Fund may make an  election  to mark to market its  shares of these  foreign
investment  companies in lieu of being subject to U.S.  federal income taxation.
At the end of each taxable year to which the  election  applies,  the Fund would
report as  ordinary  income  the  amount by which the fair  market  value of the
foreign  company's stock exceeds the Fund's adjusted basis in these shares;  any
mark-to-market losses and any loss from an actual disposition of shares would be
reported as ordinary loss to the extent of any net mark-to-market gains included
in income in prior years.  The effect of the  election  would be to treat excess
distributions  and gain on  dispositions as ordinary income which is not subject
to  a  fund  level  tax  when   distributed  to   shareholders  as  a  dividend.
Alternatively,  each Fund may elect to  include  as income and gain its share of
the  ordinary  earnings  and net  capital  gain of  certain  foreign  investment
companies in lieu of being taxed in the manner described above.                 

A portion of the  difference  between the issue price of zero coupon  securities
and their face value ("original issue discount") is considered to be income to a
Fund each year,  even though the Fund will not receive  cash  interest  payments
from these securities. This original issue discount imputed income will comprise
a part of the  investment  company  taxable  income of the Fund,  which  must be
distributed to shareholders in order to maintain the  qualification of the Fund,
as a regulated investment company and to avoid federal income tax at each Fund's
level.  In  addition,  each Fund invests in certain  high yield  original  issue
discount  obligations  issued by  corporations,  a portion of the original issue
discount  accruing on the  obligation  may be  eligible  for the  deduction  for
dividends  received by  corporations.  In such event,  dividends  of  investment
company taxable income received from the Fund by its corporate shareholders,  to
the extent attributable to such portion of accrued original issue discount,  may
be eligible for this  deduction for  dividends  received by  corporations  if so
designated by the Fund in a written notice to shareholders.                     

Each Fund will be required to report to the IRS all  distributions of investment
company  taxable  income and capital  gains as well as gross  proceeds  from the
redemption  or exchange  of Fund  shares,  except in the case of certain  exempt
shareholders.  Under the backup  withholding  provisions  of Section 3406 of the
Code,  distributions of investment  company taxable income and capital gains and
proceeds from the redemption or exchange of the shares of a regulated investment
company may be subject to  withholding  of federal income tax at the rate of 30%
in the case of  non-exempt  shareholders  who  fail to  furnish  the  investment
company  with  their   taxpayer   identification   numbers  and  with   required
certifications  regarding  their  status  under  the  federal  income  tax  law.
Withholding  may also be required if the Fund is notified by the IRS or a broker
that  the  taxpayer  identification  number  furnished  by  the  shareholder  is
incorrect or that the  shareholder  has previously  failed to report interest or
dividend  income.  If  the  withholding  provisions  are  applicable,  any  such
distributions  and  proceeds,  whether taken in cash or reinvested in additional
shares, will be reduced by the amounts required to be withheld.                 

Shareholders of a Fund may be subject to state and local taxes on  distributions
received from the Fund and on redemptions of the Fund's shares.                 

The foregoing  discussion of U.S.  federal  income tax law relates solely to the
application of that law to U.S.  persons,  i.e., U.S. citizens and residents and
U.S. corporations, partnerships, trusts and estates. Each shareholder who is not
a U.S. person should consider the U.S. and foreign tax consequences of ownership
of shares of a Fund,  including the  possibility  that such a shareholder may be
subject to a U.S.  withholding tax at a rate of 30% (or at a lower rate under an
applicable income tax treaty) on amounts  constituting  ordinary income received
by him or her, where such amounts are treated as income from U.S.  sources under
the Code.                                                                       

Shareholders  should  consult their tax advisors  about the  application  of the
provisions of tax law described in this  statement of additional  information in
light of their particular tax situations.                                       

51

P-->497214th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 214th
 NET ASSET VALUE

The net  asset  value of  shares  of each  Fund is  computed  as of the close of
regular trading on the New York Stock Exchange (the  "Exchange") on each day the
Exchange is open for trading (the "Value Time"). The Exchange is scheduled to be
closed on the following  holidays:  New Year's Day, Dr. Martin Luther King,  Jr.
Day,  Presidents' Day, Good Friday,  Memorial Day,  Independence Day, Labor Day,
Thanksgiving  and Christmas,  and on the preceding  Friday or subsequent  Monday
when one of these  holidays  falls on a Saturday  or Sunday,  respectively.  Net
asset  value  per share is  determined  separately  for each  class of shares by
dividing the value of the total assets of the Fund attributable to the shares of
that class, less all liabilities attributable to that class, by the total number
of shares of that class outstanding.  The per share net asset value may be lower
for  certain  classes  of each Fund  because of higher  expenses  borne by these
classes.                                                                        

An  exchange-traded  equity  security is valued at its most recent sale price on
the relevant  exchange as of the Value Time.  Lacking any sales, the security is
valued at the calculated mean between the most recent bid quotation and the most
recent asked quotation (the "Calculated  Mean") on such exchange as of the Value
Time. If it is not possible to determine the  Calculated  Mean,  the security is
valued at the most recent bid  quotation on such  exchange as of the Value Time.
An equity security which is traded on the Nasdaq Stock Market,  Inc.  ("Nasdaq")
system or another  over-the-counter  ("OTC") market is valued at its most recent
sale price on Nasdaq or such other OTC market as of the Value Time.  Lacking any
sales, the security is valued at the Calculated Mean on Nasdaq or such other OTC
market as of the Value Time. If it is not possible to determine  the  Calculated
Mean,  the security is valued at the most recent bid quotation on Nasdaq or such
other OTC market as of the Value Time. In the case of certain foreign exchanges,
the closing price  reported by the exchange  (which may sometimes be referred to
by the exchange or one or more  pricing  agents as the  "official  close" or the
"official  closing  price" or other similar  term) will be  considered  the most
recent sale price.  If a security is traded on more than one  exchange,  or upon
one or more  exchanges  and in the OTC  market,  quotations  are taken  from the
market in which the security is traded most extensively.                        

Debt securities are valued as follows.  Money market instruments  purchased with
an  original or  remaining  maturity  of 60 days or less,  maturing at par,  are
valued at amortized  cost.  Other money market  instruments  are valued based on
information  obtained from an approved  pricing agent or, if such information is
not readily  available,  by using  matrix  pricing  techniques  (formula  driven
calculations based primarily on current market yields). Bank loans are valued at
prices supplied by an approved  pricing agent (which are intended to reflect the
mean between the bid and asked prices), if available,  and otherwise at the mean
of the most recent bid and asked quotations or evaluated  prices, as applicable,
based  on   quotations   or  evaluated   prices   obtained   from  one  or  more
broker-dealers.  Privately  placed  debt  securities,  other than Rule 144A debt
securities,  initially are valued at cost and  thereafter  based on all relevant
factors  including  type  of  security,  size of  holding  and  restrictions  on
disposition.  Municipal  debt  securities  are valued at prices  supplied  by an
approved  pricing  agent (which are intended to reflect the mean between the bid
and asked prices), if available, and otherwise at the average of the means based
on the most recent bid and asked  quotations or evaluated  prices  obtained from
two  broker-dealers.  Other debt  securities are valued at prices supplied by an
approved  pricing  agent,  if  available,  and  otherwise at the most recent bid
quotation  or  evaluated  price,  as  applicable,  obtained  from  one  or  more
broker-dealers.  If it is not  possible  to  value a  particular  debt  security
pursuant to the above  methods,  the  security is valued on the basis of factors
including  (but not limited to)  maturity,  coupon,  creditworthiness,  currency
denomination,  and the  movement of the market in which the security is normally
traded.                                                                         

An exchange-traded option contract on securities, currencies and other financial
instruments  is valued at its most recent sale price on such  exchange.  Lacking
any sales,  the option  contract is valued at the Calculated  Mean. If it is not
possible to determine the Calculated  Mean, the option contract is valued at the
most recent bid quotation in the case of a purchased option contract or the most
recent asked quotation in the case of a written option contract, in each case as
of the Value  Time.  An option  contract  on  securities,  currencies  and other
financial instruments traded in the OTC market with less than 180 days remaining
until expiration is valued at the evaluated price provided by the  broker-dealer
with which it was traded. An option contract on securities, currencies and other
financial  instruments  traded in the OTC market with 180 days or more remaining
until  expiration is valued at the average of the evaluated  prices  provided by
two  broker-dealers.  Futures  contracts (and options thereon) are valued at the
most  recent  settlement  price as of the Value Time on such  exchange.  Foreign
currency forward contracts are valued at the value of the underlying currency at
the prevailing  currency  exchange rate, which shall be determined not more than
one hour  before the Value  Time  based on  information  obtained  from  sources
determined by the Advisor to be appropriate.                                    

Following the valuations of securities or other portfolio assets in terms of the
currency in which the market quotation used is expressed ("Local Currency"), the
value of these  portfolio  assets  in terms of U.S.  dollars  is  calculated  by
converting  the Local  Currency  into U.S.  dollars at the  prevailing  currency
exchange rate on the valuation date.                                            

52

P-->497215th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 215th
If market  quotations  for a portfolio  asset are not readily  available  or the
value of a portfolio  asset as  determined  in  accordance  with Board  approved
procedures does not represent the fair market value of the portfolio  asset, the
value of the portfolio  asset is taken to be an amount which,  in the opinion of
each  Fund's  Pricing  Committee  (or,  in some  cases,  the  Board's  Valuation
Committee),  represents fair market value. The value of other portfolio holdings
owned by the Fund is determined in a manner which is intended to fairly  reflect
the fair market  value of the asset on the  valuation  date,  based on valuation
procedures  adopted by the Fund's  Board and  overseen  primarily  by the Fund's
Pricing Committee.                                                              

DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS

The officers and  directors of the  Corporations,  their ages,  their  principal
occupations  and their  affiliations,  if any,  with the  Advisor,  and  Scudder
Distributors, Inc., are as follows:                                             

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

                                                                                          Position with Underwriter,
Name, Age, and Address             Position with Fund      Principal Occupation**         Scudder Distributors, Inc.
----------------------             ------------------      --------------------           --------------------------

                                                                                                                    
Henry P. Becton, Jr. (58)          Director                President, WGBH Educational    --                        
WGBH                                                       Foundation                                               
125 Western Avenue                                                                                                  
Allston, MA 02134                                                                                                   

Linda C. Coughlin (50)+*           Chairperson, Director   Managing Director of Zurich    Director and Vice Chairman
                                   and President           Scudder Investments, Inc.                                

Dawn-Marie Driscoll (55)           Director                Executive Fellow, Center for   --                        
4909 SW 9th Place                                          Business Ethics, Bentley                                 
Cape Coral, FL 33914                                      College; President, Driscoll                             
                                                           Associates (consulting firm)                             

Edgar R. Fiedler (72)              Director                Senior Fellow and Economic     --                        
50023 Brogden                                              Counselor, The Conference                                
Chapel Hill, NC                                            Board, Inc. (not-for-profit                              
                                                           business research                                        
                                                           organization)                                            

Keith R. Fox (47)                  Director                General Partner, The Exeter    --                        
10 East 53rd Street                                        Group of Funds                                           
New York, NY 10022                                                                                                 

Jean Gleason Stromberg (58)        Director                Consultant; Director,          --                        
3816 Military Road, NW                                     Financial Institutions                                   
Washington, D.C.                                           Issues, U.S. General                                     
                                                           Accounting Office                                        
                                                           (1996-1997); Partner,                                    
                                                           Fulbright & Jaworski (law                                
                                                           firm) (1978-1996)                                        

Jean C. Tempel (58)                Director                Managing  Director, First      --                        
One Boston Place 23rd Floor                                Light Capital, LLC (venture                              
Boston, MA 02108                                           capital firm)                                            

Steven Zaleznick (47)*             Director                President and CEO, AARP       --                         
601 E Street N.W.                                          Services, Inc.                                           
Washington, D.C. 20004                                                                                              

Thomas V. Bruns (44)#              Vice President          Managing Director of Zurich    --                        
                                                           Scudder Investments, Inc.                                

William F. Glavin, Jr. (43)#       Vice President          Managing Director of Zurich    Managing Director         
                                                           Scudder Investments, Inc.                                

                                       53                                                                           

P-->497216th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 216th
                                                                                          Position with Underwriter,
Name, Age, and Address             Position with Fund      Principal Occupation**         Scudder Distributors, Inc.
----------------------             ------------------      --------------------           --------------------------

James E. Masur (41)+               Vice President          Managing Director of Zurich    --                        
                                                           Scudder Investments, Inc.                                

Kathryn L. Quirk (49)+             Vice President and      Managing Director of Zurich    --                        
                                   Assistant Secretary     Scudder Investments, Inc.                                

Howard S. Schneider (44)#          Vice President          Managing Director of Zurich    --                        
                                                           Scudder Investments, Inc.                                

John R. Hebble (43)+               Treasurer               Senior Vice President of       --                        
                                                           Zurich Scudder Investments,                              
                                                           Inc.                                                     

Brenda Lyons (38)+                 Assistant Treasurer     Senior Vice President of       --                        
                                                           Zurich Scudder Investments,                              
                                                           Inc.                                                     

Caroline Pearson (39)+             Assistant Secretary     Managing Director of Zurich    Assistant Secretary       
                                                           Scudder Investments, Inc.;                               
                                                           Associate, Dechert Price &                               
                                                           Rhoads (law firm) 1989-1997                              

John Millette (39)+                Vice President and      Vice President of Zurich       --                        
                                   Secretary               Scudder Investments, Inc.                                

Irene T. Cheng (47)++              Vice President of       Managing Director of Zurich    --                        
                    Scudder International Scudder Investments                                                       
                                   Fund, Inc.                                                                       

Joyce E. Cornell (57)++            Vice President of       Managing Director of Zurich    --                        
                                   Scudder International   Scudder Investments, Inc.                                
                                   Fund, Inc.                                                                       

Jan C. Faller (35)+                Vice President of       Managing Director of Zurich    --                        
                                   Global /                Scudder Investments, Inc.                                
                                   International Fund,                                                              
                                   Inc.                                                                             

Carol L. Franklin (49)++           Vice President of       Managing Director of Zurich    --                        
                                   Scudder International   Scudder Investments, Inc.                                
                                   Fund, Inc.                                                                       

Joan Gregory (56)++                Vice President of       Senior Vice President of       --                        
                                   Scudder International   Zurich Scudder Investments,                              
                                   Fund, Inc.              Inc.                                                     

Paul Rogers (45)+                  Vice President of       Senior Vice President of       --                        
                                   Scudder International   Zurich Scudder Investments,                              
                                   Fund, Inc.              Inc.                                                     

William E. Holzer (51)++           Vice President of       Managing Director of Zurich    --                        
                                   Global /                Scudder Investments, Inc.                                
                                   International Fund,                                                              
                                   Inc.                                                                             

Gerald J. Moran (61)++             Vice President of       Managing Director of Zurich    --                        
                                   Global /                Scudder Investments, Inc.                                
                                   International Fund,                                                              
                                   Inc.                                                                             

54

P-->497217th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 217th
*        Ms.  Coughlin  and Mr.  Zaleznick  are  considered  by the Fund and its
         counsel to be persons who are "interested persons" of the Advisor or of
the Corporation, within the meaning of the 1940 Act.          

**       Unless  otherwise  stated,  all of the Directors and officers have been
         associated  with their  respective  companies for more than five years,
but not necessarily in the same capacity.                     

+        Address:  Two International Place, Boston, Massachusetts               

++       Address:  345 Park Avenue, New York, New York                          

#        222 South Riverside Plaza, Chicago, Illinois                           

@        101 California Street, San Francisco, California                       

The Directors and Officers of the Corporations also serve in similar  capacities
with respect to other Scudder Funds.                                            

Beneficial Ownership                                                            

As of November 30, 2001,  4,601,297  shares in the  aggregate,  or 10.13% of the
outstanding  shares of  Scudder  Global  Fund,  Class S were held in the name of
Charles Schwab, 101 Montgomery Street, San Francisco, CA 94101 who may be deemed
to be the beneficial owner of certain of these shares.                          

As of  November  30,  2001,  30,648  shares  in the  aggregate,  or 5.63% of the
outstanding  shares of  Scudder  Global  Fund,  Class B were held in the name of
Donaldson,  Lufkin & Jenrette  Securities,  P.O. Box 2052, Jersey City, NJ 07303
who may be deemed to be the beneficial owner of certain of these shares.        

As of  November  30,  2001,  12,310  shares  in the  aggregate,  or 5.76% of the
outstanding  shares of  Scudder  Global  Fund,  Class C were held in the name of
Sterling Trust Company, custodian, for the benefit of Joseph and Jennifer Simon,
P.O. Box 2518,  Waco, TX 76702 who may be deemed to be the  beneficial  owner of
certain of these  shares.  As of November  30,  2001,  11,202,365  shares in the
aggregate,  or 14.80% of the outstanding shares of Scudder  International  Fund,
Class S were held in the name of Charles  Schwab,  101  Montgomery  Street,  San
Francisco,  CA 94101 who may be deemed to be the beneficial  owner of certain of
these shares.                                                                   

As of November  30,  2001,  875,333  shares in the  aggregate,  or 10.73% of the
outstanding shares of Scudder  International Fund, Class A were held in the name
of Bear Stearns & Company, 245 Park Avenue, New York, NY 10167 who may be deemed
to be the beneficial owner of certain of these shares.                          

As of November  30,  2001,  120,019  shares in the  aggregate,  or 22.62% of the
outstanding shares of Scudder  International Fund, Class I were held in the name
of Scudder Trust Company,  for the benefit of Zurich Scudder  Investments,  Inc.
Supplemental  Profit  Sharing  Plan,  P.O. Box 957,  Salem,  NH 03079 who may be
deemed to be the beneficial owner of certain of these shares.                   

As of November  30,  2001,  398,028  shares in the  aggregate,  or 75.04% of the
outstanding shares of Scudder  International Fund, Class I were held in the name
of Zurich Scudder  Investments,  Inc. Profit Sharing Plan, 345 Park Avenue,  New
York, NY 10154 who may be deemed to be the beneficial  owner of certain of these
shares.                                                                         

As of  November  30,  2001,  41,111  shares  in the  aggregate,  or 5.31% of the
outstanding shares of Scudder  International Fund, Class C were held in the name
of National  Financial  Services Corp.,  for the benefit of George Thomas Wiley,
200 Liberty  Street,  New York, NY 10281 who may be deemed to be the  beneficial
owner of certain of these shares.                                               

As of  November  30,  2001,  56,157  shares  in the  aggregate,  or 7.26% of the
outstanding shares of Scudder  International Fund, Class C were held in the name
of Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette Securities, P.O. Box 2052, Jersey City, NJ 07303
who may be deemed to be the beneficial owner of certain of these shares.        

As of  November  30,  2001,  64,212  shares  in the  aggregate,  or 8.30% of the
outstanding shares of Scudder  International Fund, Class C were held in the name
of Merrill, Lynch, Pierce, Fenner and Smith, for the benefit of customers,  4800
Deer Lake Drive,  Jacksonville,  FL 32246 who may be deemed to be the beneficial
owner of certain of these shares.                                               

55

P-->497218th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 218th
As of  November  30,  2001,  55,925  shares  in the  aggregate,  or 7.23% of the
outstanding shares of Scudder  International Fund, Class C were held in the name
of Banc One Securities Corp., for the benefit of The One Select Portfolio,  1111
Polaris Parkway, Columbus, OH 43240 who may be deemed to be the beneficial owner
of certain of these shares.                                                     

Responsibilities of the Board -- Board and Committee Meetings                   

The Board of  Directors  of each  Corporation  is  responsible  for the  general
oversight  of each Fund's  business.  A majority of the Board's  members are not
affiliated  with  the  Advisor.  These  "Independent   Directors"  have  primary
responsibility  for assuring  that the Fund is managed in the best  interests of
its shareholders.                                                               

Each  Board of  Directors  meets at least  quarterly  to review  the  investment
performance of each Fund and other operational  matters,  including policies and
procedures designated to assure compliance with various regulatory requirements.
At least annually, the Independent Directors review the fees paid to Scudder and
its affiliates for investment  advisory  services and other  administrative  and
shareholder  services.  In this regard,  they evaluate,  among other things, the
quality and efficiency of the various other services provided, costs incurred by
Scudder and its  affiliates,  and  comparative  information  regarding  fees and
expenses of competitive  funds. They are assisted in this process by each Fund's
independent  public accountants and by independent legal counsel selected by the
Independent Directors.                                                          

All  of  the  Independent  Directors  serve  on  the  Committee  of  Independent
Directors,  which  nominates  Independent  Directors and considers other related
matters,  and the Audit Committee,  which selects each Fund's independent public
accountants  and  reviews  accounting   policies  and  controls.   In  addition,
Independent  Directors  from time to time have  established  and  served on task
forces and  subcommittees  focusing on  particular  matters such as  investment,
accounting and shareholder service issues.                                      

Compensation of Officers and Directors of Each Fund                             

Each Independent Director receives  compensation for his or her services,  which
includes an annual retainer and an attendance fee for each meeting attended. The
Independent Director who serves as lead trustee receives additional compensation
for his or her service.  No additional  compensation  is paid to any Independent
Director  for travel time to  meetings,  attendance  at  directors'  educational
seminars  or  conferences,   service  on  industry  or  association  committees,
participation  as  speakers  at  directors'  conferences  or  service on special
trustee task forces or subcommittees.  Independent  Directors do not receive any
employee  benefits such as pension or retirement  benefits or health  insurance.
Notwithstanding the schedule of fees, the Independent Directors have in the past
and may in the future waive a portion of their compensation.                    

The  Independent  Directors  also  serve in the same  capacity  for other  funds
managed by the Advisor. These funds differ broadly in type and complexity and in
some cases have substantially  different  Director fee schedules.  The following
table shows the aggregate  compensation  received by each  Independent  Director
during 2000 from each Corporation and from all of the Scudder funds as a group. 

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

                                                             Scudder International                           
             Name          Global/International Fund, Inc.*       Fund, Inc.**         All Scudder Funds+    
             ----          -------------------------------        ----------           -----------------     

                                                                                                             
Henry P. Becton, Jr.***                $3,387                         $9,697          $159,094    (73 funds) 
Dawn-Marie Driscoll***                $16,734                        $10,815          $157,162    (73 funds) 
Edgar R. Fiedler***                    $3,461                        $10,561        $303,975++    (74 funds) 
Keith R. Fox                          $21,683                        $33,167          $181,914    (72 funds) 
Jean Gleason Stromberg***              $3,387                         $9,697          $100,372    (70 funds) 
Jean C. Tempel***                      $3,387                         $9,697           $152,488    (74 funds)

*        Global/International  Fund, Inc. consists of four funds: Scudder Global
         Fund,  Scudder  Global Bond Fund,  Scudder  Global  Discovery  Fund and
Scudder Emerging Markets Income Fund.                         

**       Scudder  International  Fund,  Inc.  consists  of five  funds:  Scudder
         International   Fund,  Scudder  Latin  America  Fund,  Scudder  Pacific
         Opportunities  Fund,  Scudder  Greater  Europe  Growth Fund and Scudder
Emerging Markets Growth Fund.                                 

***      Newly  elected  Director.  On July 13, 2000,  shareholders  of the fund
         elected a new Board of  Directors.  See the  "Directors  and  Officers"
section for the newly constituted Board of Directors.         

56

P-->497219th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 219th
+        Total  compensation  includes  certain  payments made by the Advisor as
         compensation  for meetings  held to discuss the  reorganization  of the
Scudder and Kemper Funds.                                     

++       Mr. Fiedler's total compensation  includes $174,060.91 received through
         the deferred  compensation  program,  $2,003 accrued, but not received,
         and  certain  payments  made by the  Advisor  as  compensation  for the
         retainer fee for Farmers  Investment Trust and meetings held to discuss
the reorganization of the Scudder and Kemper Funds.           

Members of each  Board of  Directors  who are  employees  of the  Advisor or its
affiliates receive no direct  compensation from each Corporation,  although they
are compensated as employees of the Advisor,  or its affiliates,  as a result of
which they may be deemed to participate in fees paid by each Fund.              

FUND ORGANIZATION AND SHAREHOLDER RIGHTS

Scudder Global Fund is a series of  Global/International  Fund, Inc., a Maryland
corporation organized on May 15, 1986. The name of this Corporation was changed,
effective  May 29,  1998,  from  Scudder  Global  Fund,  Inc.  This  Corporation
currently  consists of four series:  Scudder  Global Fund,  Scudder  Global Bond
Fund,  Scudder Global  Discovery Fund and Scudder  Emerging Markets Income Fund.
Each Fund is further  divided into five classes of shares,  Class AARP,  Class S
Class A, Class B and Class C shares.                                            

The authorized  capital stock of  Global/International  Fund,  Inc.  consists of
1,559,993,796  shares  with $0.01 par  value,  200  million  shares of which are
allocated to Scudder  Global  Discovery  Fund,  529,154,575  shares of which are
allocated  to Scudder  Global  Bond Fund,  and 320  million  shares of which are
allocated to each of Scudder  Emerging  Markets  Income Fund and Scudder  Global
Fund. The Directors have the authority to issue additional  series of shares and
to  designate  the  relative  rights and  preferences  as between the  different
series.  All shares issued and  outstanding  are fully paid and  non-assessable,
transferable  and redeemable at net asset value,  subject to such charges as may
be applicable,  at the option of the shareholder.  Shares have no pre-emptive or
conversion  rights. To the extent that the Fund offers additional share classes,
these classes will be offered in a separate  prospectus and have different fees,
requirements and services.                                                      

The  Directors of each  Corporation,  in their  discretion,  may  authorize  the
additional  division of shares of a series  into  different  classes  permitting
shares of different  classes to be  distributed by different  methods.  Although
shareholders of different classes of a series would have an interest in the same
portfolio  of assets,  shareholders  of  different  classes  may bear  different
expenses in connection with different methods of distribution.                  

Shares of each Corporation have non-cumulative  voting rights,  which means that
the holders of more than 50% of the shares  voting for the election of Directors
can elect 100% of the Directors if they choose to do so, and, in such event, the
holders of the remaining  less than 50% of the shares voting for the election of
Directors  will not be able to elect any  person  or  persons  to each  Board of
Directors.  The assets of each Corporation received for the issue or sale of the
shares of each series and all income,  earnings,  profits and proceeds  thereof,
subject  only to the rights of  creditors,  are  specifically  allocated to such
series and  constitute  the  underlying  assets of such series.  The  underlying
assets of each series are  segregated  on the books of account,  and are charged
with the  liabilities  in respect to such series and with a share of the general
liabilities  of  each  Corporation.   If  a  series  were  unable  to  meet  its
obligations,  the  assets  of all  other  series  may in some  circumstances  be
available to creditors for that purpose,  in which case the assets of such other
series  could  be used to meet  liabilities  which  are not  otherwise  properly
chargeable  to them.  Expenses  with respect to any two or more series are to be
allocated in proportion to the asset value of the respective series except where
allocations  of direct  expenses can  otherwise be fairly made.  The officers of
each Corporation,  subject to the general supervision of the Directors, have the
power to determine which  liabilities are allocable to a given series,  or which
are general or allocable to two or more series.  In the event of the dissolution
or liquidation of each  Corporation or any series,  the holders of the shares of
any series are  entitled  to  receive as a class the  underlying  assets of such
shares available for distribution to shareholders.                              

Shares of each Corporation entitle their holders to one vote per share; however,
separate  votes are taken by each  series on  matters  affecting  an  individual
series and by class on matters  affecting an individual  class.  For example,  a
change  in  investment  policy  for  a  series  would  be  voted  upon  only  by
shareholders of the series  involved.  Additionally,  approval of the investment
advisory  agreement  is a matter to be  determined  separately  by each  series.
Approval  by the  shareholders  of one  series is  effective  as to that  series
whether or not enough  votes are  received  from the  shareholders  of the other
series to approve such agreement as to the other series.                        

57

P-->497220th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 220th
Pursuant  to the  approval  of a majority of  stockholders,  each  Corporation's
Directors  have the  discretion to retain the current  distribution  arrangement
while investing in a master fund in a master/feeder  fund structure if the Board
determines  that the  objectives of the Fund would be achieved more  efficiently
thereby.                                                                        

Each Corporation's  Board of Directors  supervises each Fund's activities.  Each
Corporation  adopted  a plan  pursuant  to Rule  18f-3  under  the 1940 Act (the
"Plan") to permit each  Corporation to establish a multiple  class  distribution
system for the Funds.                                                           

Each  class  of  shares  will  represent  interests  in the  same  portfolio  of
investments of the Series, and be identical in all respects to each other class,
except as set forth below.  The only  differences  among the various  classes of
shares of the Series  will  relate  solely to: (a)  different  distribution  fee
payments  or  service  fee  payments  associated  with any Rule 12b-1 Plan for a
particular  class of shares and any other  costs  relating  to  implementing  or
amending such Rule 12b-1 Plan (including obtaining  shareholder approval of such
Rule  12b-1  Plan or any  amendment  thereto)  which  will be  borne  solely  by
shareholders of such class;  (b) different  service fees; (c) different  account
minimums;  (d) the bearing by each class of its "Class Expenses," (e) the voting
rights related to any Rule 12b-1 Plan affecting a specific class of shares;  (f)
separate  exchange  privileges;   (g)  different  conversion  features  and  (h)
different class names and designations.  Expenses currently designated as "Class
Expenses" by each Corporation's  Board of Directors under the Plan include,  for
example,  transfer agency fees  attributable  to a specific  class,  and certain
securities registration fees.                                                   

Each   Corporation's   Amended  and  Restated  Articles  of  Incorporation  (the
"Articles") provide that the Directors of the Corporation, to the fullest extent
permitted by Maryland  General  Corporation  Law and the 1940 Act,  shall not be
liable  to the  Corporation  or  its  shareholders  for  damages.  Maryland  law
currently  provides that Directors shall not be liable for actions taken by them
in good faith,  in a manner  reasonably  believed to be in the best interests of
the  Corporation  and with the care that an ordinarily  prudent person in a like
position would use under similar  circumstances.  In so acting, a Director shall
be fully  protected in relying in good faith upon the records of the Corporation
and upon reports made to the  Corporation  by persons  selected in good faith by
the Directors as qualified to make such reports. The Articles and the By-Laws of
the  Corporation  provide that the  Corporation  will  indemnify its  Directors,
officers,  employees or agents  against  liabilities  and  expenses  incurred in
connection  with  litigation  in which  they may be  involved  because  of their
offices with the Corporation consistent with applicable law.                    

Scudder International Fund, Inc. was organized as Scudder Fund of Canada Ltd. in
Canada in 1953 by the investment  management  firm of Scudder,  Stevens & Clark,
Inc.  On March 16,  1964,  the name of the  Corporation  was  changed to Scudder
International  Investments Ltd. On July 31, 1975, the corporate  domicile of the
Corporation was changed to the U.S.  through the transfer of its net assets to a
newly formed Maryland corporation, Scudder International Fund, Inc., in exchange
for shares of the Corporation which then were distributed to the shareholders of
the Corporation.                                                                

The authorized capital stock of the Corporation consists of 2,247,923,888 shares
of a par value of $.01 each,  which  capital  stock has been  divided  into five
series:  Scudder International Fund, the original series;  Scudder Latin America
Fund and Scudder  Pacific  Opportunities  Fund, both organized in December 1992,
Scudder  Greater  Europe  Growth Fund,  organized in October  1994,  and Scudder
Emerging Markets Growth Fund, organized in May 1996. Each series consists of 320
million  shares  except for  International  Fund which  consists of  620,595,597
shares and Scudder  Latin  America  Fund which  consists of 340 million  shares.
Scudder  International  Fund is further  divided  into seven  classes of shares,
Class AARP, Class S, Barrett  International  Shares,  Class A (formerly known as
Class R  Shares),  Class  B,  Class  C,  and  Class I  shares.  Scudder  Pacific
Opportunities  Fund,  Scudder  Greater  Europe Growth Fund and Scudder  Emerging
Markets Growth Fund are each further divided into five classes of shares,  Class
AARP,  Class S,  Class A, Class B and Class C.  Scudder  Latin  America  Fund is
divided into six classes of shares, Class S, Class AARP, Class A, Class B, Class
C and Class M. The Directors  have the authority to issue  additional  series of
shares and to  designate  the  relative  rights and  preferences  as between the
different  series.  All  shares  issued  and  outstanding  are  fully  paid  and
non-assessable, transferable, and redeemable at net asset value, subject to such
charges as may be applicable,  at the option of the shareholder.  Shares have no
pre-emptive or conversion  rights. To the extent that the Funds offer additional
share classes,  these classes will be offered in a separate  prospectus and have
different fees, requirements and services.                                      

Scudder Global Fund is a series of  Global/International  Fund, Inc., a Maryland
corporation organized on May 15, 1986. The name of this Corporation was changed,
effective  May 29,  1998,  from  Scudder  Global  Fund,  Inc.  This  Corporation
currently  consists of four series:  Scudder  Global Fund,  Scudder  Global Bond
Fund,  Scudder Global  Discovery Fund and Scudder  Emerging Markets Income Fund.
Each Fund is further divided into two classes of shares,  Class AARP and Class S
shares,  except Global Fund and Global  Discovery  Fund whose shares are divided
into five classes of shares,  Class AARP,  Class S, Class A, Class B and Class C
shares.                                                                         

58

P-->497221st Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 221st
The authorized  capital stock of  Global/International  Fund,  Inc.  consists of
1,559,993,796  billion shares with $0.01 par value,  200 million shares of which
are allocated to Scudder Global  Discovery Fund,  529,154,575  million shares of
which are allocated to Scudder Global Bond Fund, and 320 million shares of which
are  allocated  to each of,  Scudder  Emerging  Markets  Income Fund and Scudder
Global Fund.  The  Directors  have the authority to issue  additional  series of
shares and to  designate  the  relative  rights and  preferences  as between the
different  series.  All  shares  issued  and  outstanding  are  fully  paid  and
non-assessable,  transferable and redeemable at net asset value, subject to such
charges as may be applicable,  at the option of the shareholder.  Shares have no
pre-emptive or conversion  rights. To the extent that the Funds offer additional
share classes,  these classes will be offered in a separate  prospectus and have
different fees, requirements and services.                                      

The  Directors of each  Corporation,  in their  discretion,  may  authorize  the
additional  division of shares of a series  into  different  classes  permitting
shares of different  classes to be  distributed by different  methods.  Although
shareholders of different classes of a series would have an interest in the same
portfolio  of assets,  shareholders  of  different  classes  may bear  different
expenses in connection with different methods of distribution.                  

The assets of each  Corporation  received for the issue or sale of the shares of
each series and all income, earnings, profits and proceeds thereof, subject only
to the  rights of  creditors,  are  specifically  allocated  to such  series and
constitute the underlying  assets of such series.  The underlying assets of each
series are  segregated  on the books of account,  and are to be charged with the
liabilities  in  respect  to such  series  and with such a share of the  general
liabilities of the Corporation. If a series were unable to meet its obligations,
the  assets  of all other  series  may in some  circumstances  be  available  to
creditors for that purpose,  in which case the assets of such other series could
be used to meet liabilities which are not otherwise properly chargeable to them.
Expenses  with  respect  to any  two or  more  series  are  to be  allocated  in
proportion to the asset value of the respective  series except where allocations
of  direct  expenses  can  otherwise  be  fairly  made.  The  officers  of  each
Corporation, subject to the general supervision of the Directors, have the power
to determine  which  liabilities  are allocable to a given series,  or which are
general or allocable to two or more series.  In the event of the  dissolution or
liquidation of the  Corporation or any series,  the holders of the shares of any
series are entitled to receive as a class the  underlying  assets of such shares
available for distribution to shareholders.                                     

Shares of each Corporation entitle their holders to one vote per share; however,
separate  votes are taken by each  series on  matters  affecting  an  individual
series and by class on matters  affecting an individual  class.  For example,  a
change  in  investment  policy  for  a  series  would  be  voted  upon  only  by
shareholders of the series  involved.  Additionally,  approval of the investment
advisory  agreement  is a matter to be  determined  separately  by each  series.
Approval  by the  shareholders  of one  series is  effective  as to that  series
whether or not enough  votes are  received  from the  shareholders  of the other
series to approve such agreement as to the other series.                        

Pursuant  to the  approval  of a majority of  stockholders,  each  Corporation's
Directors  have the  discretion to retain the current  distribution  arrangement
while investing in a master fund in a master/feeder  fund structure if the Board
determines  that the  objectives  of a Fund would be achieved  more  efficiently
thereby.                                                                        

Each Corporation's  Board of Directors  supervises each Fund's  activities.  The
Corporation  adopted  a plan  pursuant  to Rule  18f-3  under  the 1940 Act (the
"Plan") to permit each  Corporation to establish a multiple  class  distribution
system for the Fund.                                                            

Under the  Plan,  each  class of shares  will  represent  interests  in the same
portfolio of investments of the Series, and be identical in all respects to each
other class,  except as set forth below. The only differences  among the various
classes  of  shares  of  the  Series  will  relate   solely  to:  (a)  different
distribution fee payments or service fee payments associated with any Rule 12b-1
Plan  for a  particular  class  of  shares  and  any  other  costs  relating  to
implementing or amending such Rule 12b-1 Plan (including  obtaining  shareholder
approval of such Rule 12b-1 Plan or any amendment  thereto)  which will be borne
solely by shareholders of such class; (b) different  service fees; (c) different
account minimums; (d) the bearing by each class of its "Class Expenses," (e) the
voting  rights  related  to any Rule 12b-1 Plan  affecting  a specific  class of
shares; (f) separate exchange privileges;  (g) different conversion features and
(h) different class names and  designations.  Expenses  currently  designated as
"Class  Expenses"  by each  Corporation's  Board  of  Directors  under  the Plan
include, for example, transfer agency fees attributable to a specific class, and
certain securities registration fees.                                           

Each   Corporation's   Amended  and  Restated  Articles  of  Incorporation  (the
"Articles")  provide  that the  Directors  of the  Corporations,  to the fullest
extent permitted by Maryland General Corporation Law and the 1940 Act, shall not
be liable to the Corporations or their  shareholders  for damages.  Maryland law
currently  provides that Directors shall not be liable for actions taken by them
in good faith,  in a manner  reasonably  believed to be in the best interests of
the Corporations  and with the care that an ordinarily  prudent person in a like
position would use under similar  circumstances.  In so                         

59

P-->497222nd Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 222nd
acting,  a Director  shall be fully  protected in relying in good faith upon the
records of the Corporations and upon reports made to the Corporations by persons
selected in good faith by the Directors as qualified to make such  reports.  The
Articles and the By-Laws of each Corporation  provide that each Corporation will
indemnify its Directors,  officers,  employees or agents against liabilities and
expenses  incurred in connection  with  litigation in which they may be involved
because of their offices with the Corporations consistent with applicable law.  

Additional Information                                                          

Other Information                                                               

The CUSIP numbers of the classes are:                                           

Scudder Global Fund -- Class A: 378947-857                                      

Scudder Global Fund -- Class B: 378947-840                                      

Scudder Global Fund -- Class C: 378947-832                                      

Scudder International Fund -- Class A: 811165-810                               

Scudder International Fund -- Class B: 811165-794                               

Scudder International Fund -- Class C: 811165-786                               

Scudder International Fund -- Class I: 811165-778                               

The Funds have a fiscal year ending August 31. On September 16, 1998,  the Board
of Global Fund changed the fiscal year end from June 30 to August 31. On June 7,
1999, the Board of International  Fund changed the fiscal year end from March 31
to August 31.                                                                   

This   Statement  of  Additional   Information   contains  the   information  of
International Fund and Global Fund. Each Fund, through its combined  prospectus,
offers only its own share classes, yet it is possible that one Fund might become
liable for a  misstatement  regarding the other Fund.  The Trustees of each Fund
have considered  this, and have approved the use of this Statement of Additional
Information.                                                                    

Many of the  investment  changes in the Funds  will be made at prices  different
from those  prevailing at the time they may be reflected in a regular  report to
shareholders of the Fund. These transactions will reflect  investment  decisions
made by the Advisor in light of the Funds'  investment  objectives and policies,
its other portfolio holdings and tax considerations, and should not be construed
as recommendations for similar action by other investors.                       

The Funds' Shares  prospectuses and these  Statements of Additional  Information
omit  certain  information  contained  in the  Registration  Statement  and  its
amendments  which the Funds have filed with the SEC under the  Securities Act of
1933 and  reference  is hereby made to the  Registration  Statement  for further
information  with respect to the Funds and the securities  offered  hereby.  The
Registration Statements and their amendments are available for inspection by the
public at the SEC in Washington, D.C.                                           

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The  financial  statements,  including  the  investment  portfolio of the Funds,
together with the Report of Independent  Accountants,  Financial  Highlights and
notes to financial  statements in the Annual Reports to the  Shareholders of the
Funds dated August 31, 2001, are incorporated herein by reference and are hereby
deemed to be a part of this Statement of Additional Information.                

60

P-->497223rd Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 223rd
APPENDIX

The  following  is a  description  of the  ratings  given by Moody's  and S&P to
corporate bonds.                                                                

Ratings of Corporate Bonds                                                      

S&P:  Debt rated AAA has the highest  rating  assigned  by S&P.  Capacity to pay
interest  and repay  principal  is  extremely  strong.  Debt rated AA has a very
strong capacity to pay interest and repay principal and differs from the highest
rated  issues only in small  degree.  Debt rated A has a strong  capacity to pay
interest and repay  principal  although it is somewhat more  susceptible  to the
adverse effects of changes in circumstances and economic conditions than debt in
higher  rated  categories.  Debt  rated BBB is  regarded  as having an  adequate
capacity to pay  interest  and repay  principal.  Whereas it  normally  exhibits
adequate  protection   parameters,   adverse  economic  conditions  or  changing
circumstances are more likely to lead to a weakened capacity to pay interest and
repay principal for debt in this category than in higher rated categories.      

Debt rated BB, B, CCC, CC and C is regarded as having predominantly  speculative
characteristics with respect to capacity to pay interest and repay principal. BB
indicates  the least degree of  speculation  and C the highest.  While such debt
will  likely  have  some  quality  and  protective  characteristics,  these  are
outweighed by large uncertainties or major exposures to adverse conditions.     

Debt rated BB has less near-term vulnerability to default than other speculative
issues.  However,  it faces major ongoing  uncertainties  or exposure to adverse
business,  financial,  or economic  conditions  which  could lead to  inadequate
capacity to meet timely interest and principal payments.  The BB rating category
is also used for debt  subordinated to senior debt that is assigned an actual or
implied BBB-  rating.  Debt rated B has a greater  vulnerability  to default but
currently has the capacity to meet interest  payments and principal  repayments.
Adverse business,  financial, or economic conditions will likely impair capacity
or willingness  to pay interest and repay  principal.  The B rating  category is
also used for debt  subordinated  to senior  debt that is  assigned an actual or
implied BB or BB- rating.                                                       

Debt rated CCC has a currently  identifiable  vulnerability  to default,  and is
dependent upon favorable  business,  financial,  and economic conditions to meet
timely  payment of interest and repayment of principal.  In the event of adverse
business,  financial,  or  economic  conditions,  it is not  likely  to have the
capacity to pay interest and repay  principal.  The CCC rating  category is also
used for debt  subordinated to senior debt that is assigned an actual or implied
B or B- rating.  The rating CC  typically  is  applied to debt  subordinated  to
senior  debt that is  assigned  an actual or implied  CCC  rating.  The rating C
typically  is applied to debt  subordinated  to senior debt which is assigned an
actual  or  implied  CCC-  debt  rating.  The C  rating  may be used to  cover a
situation where a bankruptcy  petition has been filed, but debt service payments
are  continued.  The rating C1 is reserved for income bonds on which no interest
is being paid. Debt rated D is in payment default. The D rating category is used
when interest  payments or principal  payments are not made on the date due even
if the  applicable  grace period had not expired,  unless S&P believes that such
payments will be made during such grace  period.  The D rating also will be used
upon  the  filing  of  a  bankruptcy  petition  if  debt  service  payments  are
jeopardized.                                                                    

Moody's:  Bonds which are rated Aaa are judged to be of the best  quality.  They
carry the smallest  degree of investment  risk and are generally  referred to as
"gilt edge." Interest  payments are protected by a large or by an  exceptionally
stable margin and principal is secure. While the various protective elements are
likely to change,  such changes as can be visualized are most unlikely to impair
the fundamentally  strong position of such issues.  Bonds which are rated Aa are
judged to be of high quality by all standards.  Together with the Aaa group they
comprise what are generally known as high-grade bonds. They are rated lower than
the best  bonds  because  margins  of  protection  may not be as large as in Aaa
securities or fluctuation of protective  elements may be of greater amplitude or
there  may be other  elements  present  which  make the long term  risks  appear
somewhat  larger than in Aaa  securities.  Bonds which are rated A possess  many
favorable  investment  attributes and are to be considered as upper medium grade
obligations.  Factors  giving  security to principal and interest are considered
adequate  but  elements  may  be  present  which  suggest  a  susceptibility  to
impairment sometime in the future.                                              

Bonds which are rated Baa are considered as medium grade obligations, i.e., they
are neither highly protected nor poorly secured. Interest payments and principal
security appear adequate for the present but certain protective  elements may be
lacking or may be  characteristically  unreliable over any great length of time.
Such  bonds  lack  outstanding  investment  characteristics  and  in  fact  have
speculative characteristics as well. Bonds which are rated Ba are judged to have

61

P-->497224th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 224th
speculative elements;  their future cannot be considered as well assured.  Often
the  protection  of interest and  principal  payments  may be very  moderate and
thereby  not well  safeguarded  during  both good and bad times over the future.
Uncertainty of position characterizes bonds in this class. Bonds which are rated
B generally  lack  characteristics  of the  desirable  investment.  Assurance of
interest and principal payments or of maintenance of other terms of the contract
over any long period of time may be small.                                      

Bonds which are rated Caa are of poor standing. Such issues may be in default or
there may be present  elements of danger with  respect to principal or interest.
Bonds which are rated Ca represent  obligations  which are speculative in a high
degree.  Such  issues are often in default  or have other  marked  shortcomings.
Bonds which are rated C are the lowest  rated class of bonds and issues so rated
can be regarded as having  extremely  poor  prospects of ever attaining any real
investment standing.                                                            

62

P-->497225th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 225th
Barrett International Shares

of

SCUDDER INTERNATIONAL FUND
A series of Scudder International Fund, Inc.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 STATEMENT OF ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
January 1, 2002

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

This Statement of Additional  Information is not a prospectus and should be read
in conjunction with the prospectus for the Barrett International Shares, a class
of Scudder  International  Fund,  dated January 1, 2002, as amended from time to
time,  a copy of which may be  obtained  without  charge by  writing  to Scudder
Investor  Services,   Inc.,  Two  International  Place,  Boston,   Massachusetts
02110-4103.                                                                     

The  Annual   Report  to   Shareholders   dated  August  31,  2001  for  Scudder
International Fund -- Barrett  International Shares is incorporated by reference
and is hereby deemed to be a part of this Statement of Additional Information.  

P-->497226th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 226th
 TABLE OF CONTENTS

                                                                Page

INVESTMENT RESTRICTIONS..................................................1      
INVESTMENT POLICIES AND TECHNIQUES.......................................2      
MANAGEMENT OF THE FUND..................................................20      
Investment Advisor.............................................20
   Administrative Agreement.......................................23
   Brokerage Commissions..........................................24
   Distributor....................................................25

FUND SERVICE PROVIDERS..................................................26      
Transfer Agent.................................................26
   Custodian......................................................26
   Legal Counsel..................................................26
   Fund Accounting Agent..........................................26
   Auditors.......................................................26
   Retirement Service Provider....................................26

PERFORMANCE.............................................................27      
PURCHASE AND REDEMPTION OF SHARES.......................................29      
FEATURES AND SERVICES OFFERED BY THE FUND...............................30      
DIVIDENDS, CAPITAL GAINS AND TAXES......................................30      
NET ASSET VALUE.........................................................35      
DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS..................................................36      
FUND ORGANIZATION AND SHAREHOLDER RIGHTS................................40      
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION..................................................41      
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS....................................................41      
APPENDIX................................................................42      

i 

P-->497227th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 227th
 INVESTMENT RESTRICTIONS

The fundamental  policies of Scudder  International  Fund (the "Fund") set forth
below may not be  changed  without  the  approval  of a  majority  of the Fund's
outstanding  shares.  As used in this  Statement of  Additional  Information,  a
"majority of the Fund's outstanding  shares" means the lesser of (1) 67% or more
of the voting  securities  present at such meeting,  if the holders of more than
50% of the outstanding  voting securities of the Fund are present or represented
by proxy; or (2) more than 50% of the outstanding voting securities of the Fund.
The Fund has elected to be  classified  as a  diversified  series of an open-end
investment company.                                                             

If a percentage  restriction on investment or utilization of assets as set forth
under "Investment Restrictions" and "Other Investment Policies" below is adhered
to at the time an  investment  is made, a later change in  percentage  resulting
from  changes in the value or the total cost of the  Fund's  assets  will not be
considered a violation of the restriction.                                      

In addition, as a matter of fundamental policy, the Fund may not:               

(1)      borrow money, except as permitted under the 1940 Act, as interpreted or
         modified by  regulatory  authority  having  jurisdiction,  from time to
time;                                                         

(2)      issue senior  securities,  except as  permitted  under the 1940 Act, as
         interpreted or modified by regulatory  authority  having  jurisdiction,
from time to time;                                            

(3)      concentrate its investments in a particular  industry,  as that term is
         used in the 1940 Act,  and as  interpreted  or modified  by  regulatory
authority having jurisdiction, from time to time;             

(4)      engage in the  business of  underwriting  securities  issued by others,
         except to the extent  that the Fund may be deemed to be an  underwriter
in connection with the disposition of portfolio securities;   

(5)      purchase or sell real estate, which term does not include securities of
         companies which deal in real estate or mortgages or investments secured
         by real estate or  interests  therein,  except  that the Fund  reserves
         freedom of action to hold and to sell real estate  acquired as a result
of the Fund's ownership of securities;                        

(6)      purchase  physical   commodities  or  contracts  relating  to  physical
commodities; or                                               

(7)      make loans to other persons, except as permitted under the 1940 Act, as
         interpreted or modified by regulatory  authority  having  jurisdiction,
from time to time.                                            

With respect to  fundamental  policy number five above,  the Fund has no current
intention  to hold and sell  real  estate  acquired  as a result  of the  Fund's
ownership of securities.                                                        

The   Directors   of  the   Corporation   have   voluntarily   adopted   certain
non-fundamental  policies and restrictions  which are observed in the conduct of
the Fund's  affairs.  These  represent  intentions of the  Directors  based upon
current circumstances.  They differ from fundamental investment policies in that
they may be  changed or amended  by action of the  Directors  without  requiring
prior notice to or approval of the shareholders.                                

As a matter of non-fundamental policy, the Fund does not currently intend to:   

(1)      borrow money in an amount  greater than 5% of its total assets,  except
         (i) for temporary or emergency purposes and (ii) by engaging in reverse
         repurchase   agreements,   dollar  rolls,   or  other   investments  or
         transactions  described in the Fund's registration  statement which may
be deemed to be borrowings;                                   

(2)      enter into either of reverse  repurchase  agreements or dollar rolls in
an amount greater than 5% of its total assets;                

(3)      purchase  securities  on margin or make short  sales,  except (i) short
         sales against the box, (ii) in connection with arbitrage  transactions,
         (iii) for margin deposits in connection with futures contracts, options
         or other  permitted  investments,  (iv) that  transactions  in  futures
         contracts  and  options  shall  not be  deemed  to  constitute  selling

P-->497228th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 228th
         securities  short,  and (v) that the Fund may  obtain  such  short-term
         credits  as  may  be  necessary   for  the   clearance  of   securities
transactions;                                                 

(4)      purchase  options,  unless  the  aggregate  premiums  paid on all  such
         options  held by the Fund at any time do not  exceed  20% of its  total
         assets; or sell put options, if as a result, the aggregate value of the
         obligations  underlying  such put options would exceed 50% of its total
assets;                                                       

(5)      enter  into  futures  contracts  or  purchase  options  thereon  unless
         immediately  after the  purchase,  the value of the  aggregate  initial
         margin with respect to such futures contracts entered into on behalf of
         the Fund and the premiums  paid for such  options on futures  contracts
         does not exceed 5% of the fair market value of the Fund's total assets;
         provided that in the case of an option that is in-the-money at the time
         of purchase,  the in-the-money  amount may be excluded in computing the
5% limit;                                                     

(6)      purchase warrants if as a result,  such securities,  taken at the lower
         of cost or market value,  would  represent more than 5% of the value of
         the Fund's total assets (for this purpose,  warrants  acquired in units
 or attached to securities will be deemed to have no value); and

(7)      lend  portfolio  securities  in an amount  greater than 5% of its total
assets.                                                       

The  foregoing  nonfundamental  policies  are in addition to policies  otherwise
stated in the Prospectus or in this Statement of Additional Information.        

INVESTMENT POLICIES AND TECHNIQUES

The Fund is a  diversified  series of  Scudder  International  Fund,  Inc.  (the
"Corporation"),  an open-end management  investment company registered under the
Investment  Company Act of 1940, as amended (the "1940 Act") which  continuously
offers and  redeems its shares at net asset  value.  It is a company of the type
commonly  known as a mutual fund.  The Fund  currently  offers seven  classes of
shares:  Barrett  International  Shares,  Class  S  shares  (formerly  known  as
International Shares), Class AARP shares, Class A, Class B, Class C, and Class I
shares.  This  Statement of Additional  Information  applies only to the Barrett
International Shares (the "Shares").                                            

Except as  otherwise  indicated,  the Fund's  objectives  and  policies  are not
fundamental  and may be  changed  without a  shareholder  vote.  There can be no
assurance that the Fund will achieve its objective.  If there is a change in the
Fund's  investment  objective,  shareholders  should  consider  whether the Fund
remains  an  appropriate  investment  in light of their then  current  financial
position and needs.                                                             

Descriptions  in  this  Statement  of  Additional  Information  of a  particular
investment  practice or technique in which the Fund may engage (such as hedging,
etc.) or a financial  instrument  which the Fund may purchase  (such as options,
forward foreign currency contracts,  etc.) are meant to describe the spectrum of
investments  that Zurich  Scudder  Investments,  Inc.  (the  "Advisor"),  in its
discretion,  might, but is not required to, use in managing the Fund's portfolio
assets.  The Advisor may, in its  discretion,  at any time employ such practice,
technique or  instrument  for one or more funds but not for all funds advised by
it. Furthermore,  it is possible that certain types of financial  instruments or
investment  techniques  described  herein  may  not be  available,  permissible,
economically  feasible or effective for their intended  purposes in all markets.
Certain practices, techniques, or instruments may not be principal activities of
the Fund but,  to the extent  employed,  could from time to time have a material
impact on the Fund's performance.                                               

General Investment Objective and Policies                                       

The Fund seeks  long-term  growth of capital  by  investing  at least 65% of its
total assets in foreign equities (equities issued by foreign-based companies and
listed on foreign exchanges).  These securities are selected primarily to permit
the Fund to participate in non-U.S. companies and economies that are believed to
have prospects for growth.                                                      

The Fund invests in companies,  wherever organized,  which do business primarily
outside the United States.                                                      

The Fund generally invests in equity securities of established companies, listed
on foreign exchanges (although the Fund may invest in securities traded over the
counter), which the Advisor believes have favorable characteristics.  The Fund's

2 

P-->497229th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 229th
equity  investments  include  common  stock,   convertible  and  non-convertible
preferred stock, sponsored and unsponsored depository receipts, and warrants.   

When the Advisor  believes that it is  appropriate  to do so in order to achieve
the Fund's investment objective of long-term capital growth, the Fund may invest
up to 20% of its total assets in debt securities.  Such debt securities  include
debt   securities   of   governments,   governmental   agencies,   supranational
organizations  and private issuers,  including bonds denominated in the European
Currency Unit (the "Euro").  Portfolio debt  investments will be selected on the
basis of,  among  other  things,  yield,  credit  quality,  and the  fundamental
outlooks for currency and interest rate trends in different  parts of the globe,
taking  into  account  the  ability to hedge a degree of  currency or local bond
price risk. The value of fixed-income investments will fluctuate with changes in
interest  rates and bond market  conditions,  tending to rise as interest  rates
decline and decline as interest rates rise. The Fund will predominantly purchase
"investment-grade"  bonds,  which are those  rated Aaa,  Aa, A or Baa by Moody's
Investors  Service,  Inc.  ("Moody's") or AAA, AA, A or BBB by Standard & Poor's
Ratings Services, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies,  Inc., ("S&P") or, if
unrated,  judged by the Advisor to be of equivalent  quality.  The Fund may also
invest up to 5% of its total  assets in debt  securities  which are rated  below
investment-grade (see "Risk factors").                                          

The Fund intends to diversify  investments  among several countries and normally
to have  investments in securities of at least three  different  countries other
than the U.S.  The Fund will invest  primarily in  securities  of issuers in the
developed foreign countries included in the Morgan Stanley Capital International
("MSCI") Europe,  Australia,  Far East ("EAFE") and Canada Index, but may invest
in "emerging  markets."  The Fund  considers  "emerging  markets" to include any
country  that is  defined as an  emerging  or  developing  economy by any of the
International Bank of Reconstruction and Development (i.e., the World Bank), the
International  Finance Corporation or the United Nations or its authorities.  It
is expected that the Fund's  investments will include  companies of varying size
as measured by assets, sales or market capitalization.                          

The  major  portion  of the  Fund's  assets  consists  of equity  securities  of
established companies listed on recognized  exchanges;  the Advisor expects this
condition to  continue,  although  the Fund may invest in other  securities.  In
selecting   securities  for  the  Fund's   portfolio,   the  Advisor  applies  a
disciplined,  multi-part  investment approach for selecting stocks for the Fund.
In analyzing  companies for investment,  the Advisor ordinarily looks for one or
more  of  the  following   characteristics:   strong  competitive   positioning,
above-average  earnings  growth  per share,  high  return on  invested  capital,
healthy balance sheets and overall  financial  strength,  strength of management
and general operating characteristics which will enable the companies to compete
successfully  in the  marketplace.  The Advisor  will further seek to have broad
country  representation,  favoring  those  countries that it believes have sound
economic   conditions  and  open  markets.   The  Advisor  will  also  look  for
opportunities  on a macro-economic  level,  seeking to identify major changes in
the business  environment  and  companies  that are poised to benefit from these
changes.  Investment  decisions are made without regard to arbitrary criteria as
to minimum  asset  size,  debt-equity  ratios or dividend  history of  portfolio
companies.  The Advisor will typically sell an investment when certain  criteria
are met,  including  but not limited to: the price of the  security  reaches the
Advisor's  assessment  of its fair value;  the  underlying  investment  theme is
judged by the Advisor to have matured;  or if the original  reason for investing
in the security no longer applies or is no longer valid.                        

In applying the disciplined, multi-part investment approach for selecting stocks
for the Fund,  the Advisor  first  analyzes the pool of foreign  dividend-paying
securities, primarily from the world's more mature markets, and targeting stocks
that have high relative yields compared to the average for their markets. In the
Advisor's opinion, this group of higher-yielding stocks offers the potential for
returns that is greater than or equal to the average market  return,  with price
volatility  that is lower  than  the  overall  market  volatility.  The  Advisor
believes that these potentially favorable risk and return  characteristics exist
because the higher  dividends  offered by these  stocks act as a "cushion"  when
markets are volatile and because the stocks with higher yields tend to have more
attractive   valuations   (e.g.,   lower   price-to-earning   ratios  and  lower
price-to-book  ratios).  The second stage of portfolio  construction  involves a
fundamental  analysis  of  each  company's  financial  strength,  profitability,
projected earnings,  competitive positioning, and ability of management.  During
this step, the Advisor's  research team identifies what it believes are the most
promising  stocks for the Fund's  portfolio.  The third stage of the  investment
process involves  diversifying the portfolio among different  industry  sectors.
The key element of this stage is evaluating how the stocks in different  sectors
react to economic  factors such as interest  rates,  inflation,  Gross  Domestic
Product, and consumer spending, and then attaining a proper balance of stocks in
these  sectors based on the Advisor's  economic  forecast.  The fourth and final
stage of this ongoing  process is  diversifying  the portfolio  among  different
countries. The Advisor will seek to have broad country representation,  favoring
those  countries  that it  believes  have  sound  economic  conditions  and open
markets. The Fund's strategy is to manage risk and create opportunity at each of
the four stages in its  investment  process,  starting  with the focus on stocks
with high relative yields.                                                      

3 

P-->497230th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 230th
The Fund may hold up to 20% of its net assets in U.S.  and foreign  fixed income
securities  for  temporary  defensive  purposes  when the Advisor  believes that
market conditions so warrant.  The Fund may invest up to 20% of its assets under
normal conditions,  and without limit for temporary defensive purposes,  in cash
or cash  equivalents  including  domestic and foreign money market  instruments,
short-term government and corporate obligations and repurchase agreements,  when
the  Advisor  deems such a position  advisable  in light of  economic  or market
conditions.  It is impossible to  accurately  predict how long such  alternative
strategies  may be  utilized.  In  addition,  the Fund  may  engage  in  reverse
repurchase agreements, illiquid securities and strategic transactions, which may
include derivatives.                                                            

Foreign securities such as those purchased by the Fund may be subject to foreign
governmental  taxes which could reduce the yield on such securities,  although a
shareholder  of the Fund may,  subject to certain  limitations,  be  entitled to
claim a credit or deduction for U.S.  federal income tax purposes for his or her
proportionate share of such foreign taxes paid by the Fund.                     

From time to time, the Fund may be a purchaser of illiquid  securities,  such as
restricted  debt or  equity  securities  (i.e.,  securities  which  may  require
registration  under the  Securities Act of 1933, or an exemption  therefrom,  in
order to be sold in the ordinary  course of  business)  in a private  placement.
(See "Illiquid Securities and Restricted Securities.")                          

The Fund cannot  guarantee a gain or eliminate  the risk of loss.  The net asset
value of the Fund's  shares will increase or decrease with changes in the market
price of the  Fund's  investments,  and there is no  assurance  that the  Fund's
objectives will be achieved.                                                    

Master/feeder structure                                                         

The Board of  Directors  of the Fund (the  "Board" or the  "Directors")  has the
discretion  to retain the current  distribution  arrangement  for the Fund while
investing in a master fund in a master/feeder fund structure as described below.

A master/feeder fund structure is one in which a fund (a "feeder fund"), instead
of investing  directly in a portfolio of securities,  invests most or all of its
investment  assets in a separate  registered  investment  company  (the  "master
fund") with  substantially  the same  investment  objective  and policies as the
feeder  fund.  Such a  structure  permits  the  pooling of assets of two or more
feeder funds,  preserving  separate  identities or distribution  channels at the
feeder  fund  level.  Based on the  premise  that  certain  of the  expenses  of
operating an investment  portfolio are  relatively  fixed,  a larger  investment
portfolio may eventually  achieve a lower ratio of operating expenses to average
net assets. An existing  investment  company is able to convert to a feeder fund
by  selling  all  of  its  investments,   which  involves  brokerage  and  other
transaction  costs and realization of a taxable gain or loss, or by contributing
its assets to the master  fund and  avoiding  transaction  costs and,  if proper
procedures are followed, the realization of taxable gain or loss.               

Borrowing.  The Fund will borrow only when the Advisor  believes that  borrowing
will benefit the Fund after taking into account considerations such as the costs
of  the   borrowing.   Borrowing   by  the  Fund  will   involve   special  risk
considerations.  Although the principal of the Fund's  borrowings will be fixed,
the  Fund's  assets  may  change  in  value  during  the  time  a  borrowing  is
outstanding, proportionately increasing exposure to capital risk.               

Common  Stocks.  Common  stock is issued by companies to raise cash for business
purposes  and  represents  a  proportionate  interest in the issuing  companies.
Therefore,  the Fund  participates  in the  success or failure of any company in
which  it  holds  stock.  The  market  values  of  common  stock  can  fluctuate
significantly,  reflecting  the  business  performance  of the issuing  company,
investor perception and general economic and financial market movements. Despite
the risk of price volatility, however, common stocks have historically offered a
greater potential for long-term gain on investment, compared to other classes of
financial  assets such as bonds or cash  equivalents,  although  there can be no
assurance that this will be true in the future.                                 

Convertible Securities. The Fund may invest in convertible securities,  that is,
bonds,  notes,  debentures,  preferred  stocks  and other  securities  which are
convertible into common stock. Investments in convertible securities can provide
an  opportunity  for capital  appreciation  and/or income  through  interest and
dividend payments by virtue of their conversion or exchange features.           

The convertible  securities in which the Fund may invest are either fixed income
or zero coupon debt  securities  which may be converted or exchanged at a stated
or  determinable  exchange  ratio into  underlying  shares of common stock.  The
exchange ratio for any particular convertible security may be adjusted from time
to time due to stock splits, dividends,                                         

4 

P-->497231st Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 231st
spin-offs,  other corporate  distributions or scheduled  changes in the exchange
ratio.  Convertible  debt securities and  convertible  preferred  stocks,  until
converted,  have  general  characteristics  similar  to  both  debt  and  equity
securities. Although to a lesser extent than with debt securities generally, the
market  value of  convertible  securities  tends to  decline as  interest  rates
increase  and,  conversely,  tends to  increase as interest  rates  decline.  In
addition,  because of the  conversion or exchange  feature,  the market value of
convertible  securities  typically changes as the market value of the underlying
common stocks changes,  and,  therefore,  also tends to follow  movements in the
general market for equity securities. A unique feature of convertible securities
is that as the market price of the underlying common stock declines, convertible
securities  tend  to  trade  increasingly  on a  yield  basis,  and so  may  not
experience  market value  declines to the same extent as the  underlying  common
stock.  When the market  price of the  underlying  common stock  increases,  the
prices of the  convertible  securities tend to rise as a reflection of the value
of the underlying common stock, although typically not as much as the underlying
common stock. While no securities  investments are without risk,  investments in
convertible  securities  generally  entail less risk than  investments in common
stock of the same issuer.                                                       

As debt securities,  convertible  securities are investments which provide for a
stream of income (or in the case of zero coupon securities, accretion of income)
with  generally  higher  yields  than  common  stocks.   Convertible  securities
generally offer lower yields than non-convertible  securities of similar quality
because of their conversion or exchange features.                               

Of course,  like all debt  securities,  there can be no  assurance  of income or
principal payments because the issuers of the convertible securities may default
on their obligations.                                                           

Convertible   securities   generally  are  subordinated  to  other  similar  but
non-convertible  securities of the same issuer,  although  convertible bonds, as
corporate debt  obligations,  enjoy  seniority in right of payment to all equity
securities,  and  convertible  preferred stock is senior to common stock, of the
same issuer.  However,  because of the subordination feature,  convertible bonds
and  convertible  preferred  stock  typically  have lower  ratings  than similar
non-convertible securities. Convertible securities may be issued as fixed income
obligations that pay current income or as zero coupon notes and bonds, including
Liquid Yield Option Notes ("LYONs"(TM)).                                        

Currency  Transactions.  The Fund  may  engage  in  currency  transactions  with
Counterparties  primarily in order to hedge,  or manage the risk of the value of
portfolio holdings denominated in particular  currencies against fluctuations in
relative  value.  Currency  transactions  include  forward  currency  contracts,
exchange listed currency futures, exchange listed and OTC options on currencies,
and currency swaps. A forward currency contract involves a privately  negotiated
obligation  to purchase or sell (with  delivery  generally  required) a specific
currency at a future  date,  which may be any fixed number of days from the date
of the contract  agreed upon by the  parties,  at a price set at the time of the
contract.  A currency  swap is an agreement to exchange  cash flows based on the
notional  difference  among two or more currencies and operates  similarly to an
interest rate swap,  which is described  below. The Fund may enter into currency
transactions with  Counterparties  which have received (or the guarantors of the
obligations  which  have  received)  a  credit  rating  of  A-1 or P-1 by S&P or
Moody's, respectively, or that have an equivalent rating from a NRSRO or (except
for OTC currency  options) are determined to be of equivalent  credit quality by
the Advisor.                                                                    

The  Fund's   dealings  in  forward   currency   contracts  and  other  currency
transactions  such as futures,  options,  options on futures and swaps generally
will be limited to hedging  involving either specific  transactions or portfolio
positions  except as described  below.  Transaction  hedging is entering  into a
currency transaction with respect to specific assets or liabilities of the Fund,
which  will  generally  arise in  connection  with the  purchase  or sale of its
portfolio  securities or the receipt of income  therefrom.  Position  hedging is
entering  into  a  currency  transaction  with  respect  to  portfolio  security
positions denominated or generally quoted in that currency.                     

The Fund generally will not enter into a transaction to hedge currency  exposure
to an  extent  greater,  after  netting  all  transactions  intended  wholly  or
partially to offset other transactions,  than the aggregate market value (at the
time of entering into the  transaction)  of the securities held in its portfolio
that are denominated or generally  quoted in or currently  convertible into such
currency, other than with respect to proxy hedging or cross hedging as described
below.                                                                          

The Fund may also  cross-hedge  currencies  by  entering  into  transactions  to
purchase or sell one or more  currencies  that are  expected to decline in value
relative to other  currencies to which the Fund has or in which the Fund expects
to have portfolio exposure.                                                     

5 

P-->497232nd Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 232nd
To reduce  the  effect of  currency  fluctuations  on the value of  existing  or
anticipated holdings of portfolio securities,  the Fund may also engage in proxy
hedging.  Proxy  hedging  is often  used when the  currency  to which the Fund's
portfolio is exposed is difficult to hedge or to hedge against the dollar. Proxy
hedging  entails  entering into a commitment or option to sell a currency  whose
changes in value are  generally  considered  to be  correlated  to a currency or
currencies in which some or all of the Fund's  portfolio  securities  are or are
expected to be  denominated,  in exchange  for U.S.  dollars.  The amount of the
commitment  or  option  would not  exceed  the  value of the  Fund's  securities
denominated in correlated currencies. For example, if the Advisor considers that
the Austrian schilling is correlated to the German  deutschemark (the "D-mark"),
the Fund holds  securities  denominated in schillings  and the Advisor  believes
that the value of schillings will decline against the U.S.  dollar,  the Advisor
may enter into a commitment or option to sell D-marks and buy dollars.  Currency
hedging involves some of the same risks and considerations as other transactions
with similar instruments. Currency transactions can result in losses to the Fund
if the currency  being hedged  fluctuates in value to a degree or in a direction
that  is  not  anticipated.  Further,  there  is the  risk  that  the  perceived
correlation  between various currencies may not be present or may not be present
during the particular  time that a Fund is engaging in proxy hedging.  If a Fund
enters into a currency hedging transaction, that Fund will comply with the asset
segregation requirements described below.                                       

Risks of  Currency  Transactions.  Currency  transactions  are  subject to risks
different from those of other portfolio  transactions.  Because currency control
is of great  importance  to the  issuing  governments  and  influences  economic
planning and policy, purchases and sales of currency and related instruments can
be  negatively  affected  by  government  exchange  controls,   blockages,   and
manipulations or exchange restrictions imposed by governments.  These can result
in losses to the Fund if it is unable to deliver or receive currency or funds in
settlement of obligations  and could also cause hedges it has entered into to be
rendered  useless,  resulting  in full  currency  exposure as well as  incurring
transaction  costs.  Buyers and sellers of  currency  futures are subject to the
same risks that apply to the use of futures generally.  Further, settlement of a
currency  futures  contract for the purchase of most  currencies must occur at a
bank  based in the  issuing  nation.  Trading  options  on  currency  futures is
relatively  new,  and the ability to establish  and close out  positions on such
options is subject to the maintenance of a liquid market which may not always be
available.  Currency  exchange rates may fluctuate based on factors extrinsic to
that country's economy.                                                         

Depositary  Receipts.  The Fund may invest in sponsored or unsponsored  American
Depositary  Receipts ("ADRs"),  European  Depositary  Receipts ("EDRs"),  Global
Depositary  Receipts ("GDRs"),  International  Depositary  Receipts ("IDRs") and
other types of Depositary Receipts (which, together with ADRs, GDRs and IDRs are
hereinafter referred to as "Depositary  Receipts").  Depositary receipts provide
indirect  investment  in securities of foreign  issuers.  Prices of  unsponsored
Depositary  Receipts  may be more  volatile  than if they were  sponsored by the
issuer of the underlying securities.  Depositary Receipts may not necessarily be
denominated  in the same currency as the underlying  securities  into which they
may be  converted.  In  addition,  the  issuers  of  the  stock  of  unsponsored
Depositary  Receipts are not obligated to disclose  material  information in the
United  States  and,  therefore,  there may not be a  correlation  between  such
information and the market value of the Depositary Receipts. ADRs are Depositary
Receipts which are bought and sold in the United States and are typically issued
by a  U.S.  bank  or  trust  company  which  evidence  ownership  of  underlying
securities by a foreign  corporation.  GDRs,  IDRs and other types of Depositary
Receipts are typically issued by foreign banks or trust companies, although they
may also be issued by  United  States  banks or trust  companies,  and  evidence
ownership of underlying securities issued by either a foreign or a United States
corporation.  Generally, Depositary Receipts in registered form are designed for
use in the United States  securities  markets and Depositary  Receipts in bearer
form are designed for use in securities  markets outside the United States.  For
purposes of the Fund's investment policies, the Fund's investments in ADRs, GDRs
and other types of Depositary  Receipts will be deemed to be  investments in the
underlying securities.  Depositary Receipts, including those denominated in U.S.
dollars will be subject to foreign  currency  exchange  rate risk.  However,  by
investing  in U.S.  dollar-denominated  ADRs  rather  than  directly  in foreign
issuers' stock, the Fund avoids currency risks during the settlement  period. In
general,  there is a large,  liquid  market in the United  States for most ADRs.
However,  certain  Depositary  Receipts  may not be  listed on an  exchange  and
therefore may be illiquid securities.                                           

Dollar Roll  Transactions.  Dollar roll transactions  consist of the sale by the
Fund to a bank or broker/dealer  (the  "counterparty")  of GNMA  certificates or
other mortgage-backed securities together with a commitment to purchase from the
counterparty  similar,  but not  identical,  securities at a future date, at the
same price.  The  counterparty  receives all  principal  and interest  payments,
including  prepayments,  made on the security  while it is the holder.  The Fund
receives a fee from the  counterparty  as  consideration  for entering  into the
commitment  to  purchase.  Dollar  rolls may be renewed over a period of several
months  with  a  different  purchase  and  repurchase  price  fixed  and a  cash
settlement  made  at each  renewal  without  physical  delivery  of  securities.
Moreover,  the  transaction  may  be  preceded  by a firm  commitment  agreement
pursuant to which the Fund agrees to buy a security on a future date.           

6 

P-->497233rd Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 233rd
The Fund will segregate cash, U.S. Government  securities or other liquid assets
in  an  amount   sufficient  to  meet  their  purchase   obligations  under  the
transactions.  The Fund will also maintain  asset  coverage of at least 300% for
all outstanding firm commitments, dollar rolls and other borrowings.            

Dollar  rolls may be treated for purposes of the 1940 Act as  borrowings  of the
Fund because  they  involve the sale of a security  coupled with an agreement to
repurchase.  A dollar roll involves  costs to the Fund.  For example,  while the
Fund receives a fee as  consideration  for agreeing to repurchase  the security,
the Fund forgoes the right to receive all principal and interest  payments while
the  counterparty  holds the security.  These payments to the  counterparty  may
exceed the fee  received  by the Fund,  thereby  effectively  charging  the Fund
interest on its borrowing. Further, although the Fund can estimate the amount of
expected  principal  prepayment over the term of the dollar roll, a variation in
the actual  amount of  prepayment  could  increase or  decrease  the cost of the
Fund's borrowing.                                                               

The entry into dollar rolls involves  potential risks of loss that are different
from those related to the securities  underlying the transactions.  For example,
if the  counterparty  becomes  insolvent,  the Fund's right to purchase from the
counterparty might be restricted. Additionally, the value of such securities may
change adversely before the Fund is able to purchase them.  Similarly,  the Fund
may be required to purchase  securities  in  connection  with a dollar roll at a
higher price than may otherwise be available on the open market. Since, as noted
above,  the  counterparty  is required to deliver a similar,  but not  identical
security to the Fund,  the  security  that the Fund is required to buy under the
dollar roll may be worth less than an identical security.  Finally, there can be
no assurance that the Fund's use of the cash that it receives from a dollar roll
will provide a return that exceeds borrowing costs.                             

Euro. The  implementation  of the Euro may result in uncertainties  for European
securities  and the operation of the Fund. The Euro was introduced on January 1,
1999 by eleven  members  countries of the European  Economic and Monetary  Union
(EMU).  Implementation of the Euro requires the  redenomination of European debt
and  equity  securities  over a period  of time,  which may  result  in  various
accounting  differences  and/or tax treatments  which would not otherwise occur.
Additional  questions  are  raised  by the  fact  that  certain  other  European
Community members,  including the United Kingdom,  did not officially  implement
the Euro on January 1, 1999.                                                    

Foreign  Currencies.  Because  investments  in foreign  securities  usually will
involve currencies of foreign  countries,  and because the Fund may hold foreign
currencies  and  forward  contracts,  futures  contracts  and options on foreign
currencies and foreign  currency futures  contracts,  the value of the assets of
the Fund as measured in U.S. dollars may be affected favorably or unfavorably by
changes in foreign currency exchange rates and exchange control regulations, and
the  Fund  may  incur  costs  and   experience   conversion   difficulties   and
uncertainties  in  connection  with  conversions   between  various  currencies.
Fluctuations in exchange rates may also affect the earning power and asset value
of the foreign entity issuing the security.                                     

The  strength  or  weakness  of the U.S.  dollar  against  these  currencies  is
responsible for part of the Fund's investment  performance.  If the dollar falls
in value  relative to the  Japanese  yen,  for  example,  the dollar  value of a
Japanese  stock  held in the  portfolio  will rise even  though the price of the
stock remains  unchanged.  Conversely,  if the dollar rises in value relative to
the yen,  the  dollar  value of the  Japanese  stock  will  fall.  Many  foreign
currencies have experienced significant devaluation relative to the dollar.     

Although the Fund values its assets daily in terms of U.S. dollars,  it does not
intend to convert its  holdings  of foreign  currencies  into U.S.  dollars on a
daily basis.  It will do so from time to time, and investors  should be aware of
the costs of  currency  conversion.  Although  foreign  exchange  dealers do not
charge a fee for  conversion,  they do realize a profit based on the  difference
(the "spread")  between the prices at which they are buying and selling  various
currencies.  Thus, a dealer may offer to sell a foreign  currency to the Fund at
one rate,  while  offering a lesser rate of  exchange  should the Fund desire to
resell that currency to the dealer.  The Fund will conduct its foreign  currency
exchange  transactions  either  on a spot  (i.e.,  cash)  basis at the spot rate
prevailing in the foreign  currency  exchange  market,  or through entering into
options or forward or futures contracts to purchase or sell foreign currencies. 

Foreign  Investment  Risk.  While the Fund offers the potential for  substantial
appreciation  over  time,  it also  involves  above-average  investment  risk in
comparison  to a  mutual  fund  investing  in  a  broad  range  of  U.S.  equity
securities.  The  Fund  is  designed  as a  long-term  investment  and  not  for
short-term  trading  purposes.  The Fund  should  not be  considered  a complete
investment program,  although it could serve as a core international holding for
an individual's  portfolio.  The Fund's net asset value, or price, can fluctuate
significantly  with  changes in stock  market  levels,  political  developments,
movements in currencies, global investment flows and other factors.             

7 

P-->497234th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 234th
Foreign  Securities.  Investing in foreign  securities  involves certain special
considerations,  including  those  set  forth  below,  which  are not  typically
associated  with  investing  in U.S.  securities  and  which  may  favorably  or
unfavorably  affect  the  Fund's  performance.  As  foreign  companies  are  not
generally  subject to  uniform  accounting,  auditing  and  financial  reporting
standards, practices and requirements comparable to those applicable to domestic
companies,  there may be less  publicly  available  information  about a foreign
company than about a domestic company.  Many foreign securities  markets,  while
growing in volume of trading activity,  have  substantially less volume than the
U.S.  market,  and  securities of some foreign  issuers are less liquid and more
volatile than securities of domestic issuers. Similarly, volume and liquidity in
most foreign bond markets is less than in the U.S. and, at times,  volatility of
price  can be  greater  than in the  U.S.  Fixed  commissions  on  some  foreign
securities  exchanges  and bid to asked  spreads in  foreign  bond  markets  are
generally  higher  than  commissions  or bid to asked  spreads on U.S.  markets,
although the Advisor will endeavor to achieve the most  favorable net results on
its portfolio transactions. There is generally less governmental supervision and
regulation  of  securities  exchanges,  brokers and listed  companies in foreign
countries  than in the U.S. It may be more  difficult  for the Fund's  agents to
keep currently  informed about corporate  actions in foreign countries which may
affect the prices of portfolio securities.  Communications  between the U.S. and
foreign countries may be less reliable than within the U.S., thus increasing the
risk of delayed  settlements of portfolio  transactions  or loss of certificates
for  portfolio  securities.  Payment  for  securities  without  delivery  may be
required  in certain  foreign  markets.  In  addition,  with  respect to certain
foreign  countries,  there is the possibility of  expropriation  or confiscatory
taxation,  political or social  instability,  or diplomatic  developments  which
could affect U.S. investments in those countries.  Moreover,  individual foreign
economies  may differ  favorably or  unfavorably  from the U.S.  economy in such
respects  as  growth  of gross  national  product,  rate of  inflation,  capital
reinvestment,  resource  self-sufficiency and balance of payments position.  The
management of the Fund seeks to mitigate the risks associated with the foregoing
considerations through continuous professional management.                      

High Yield/High Risk Bonds. The Fund may also purchase debt securities which are
rated below  investment-grade  (commonly referred to as "junk bonds"),  that is,
rated below Baa by Moody's or below BBB by S&P and unrated  securities judged to
be of equivalent quality as determined by the Advisor.  These securities usually
entail greater risk  (including the  possibility of default or bankruptcy of the
issuers of such securities),  generally involve greater  volatility of price and
risk to principal  and income,  and may be less liquid,  than  securities in the
higher rating  categories.  The lower the ratings of such debt  securities,  the
more their risks  render them like  equity  securities.  The Fund will invest no
more than 5% of its total assets in  securities  rated BB or lower by Moody's or
Ba by S&P,  and may invest in  securities  which are rated D by S&P.  Securities
rated D may be in default with respect to payment of principal or interest. [See
the Appendix to this  Statement of  Additional  Information  for a more complete
description  of  the  ratings  assigned  by  ratings   organizations  and  their
respective characteristics].                                                    

Issuers of such high yielding  securities often are highly leveraged and may not
have available to them more  traditional  methods of financing.  Therefore,  the
risk  associated  with  acquiring the  securities  of such issuers  generally is
greater than is the case with higher rated  securities.  For example,  during an
economic  downturn  or a  sustained  period of  rising  interest  rates,  highly
leveraged  issuers of high yield  securities  may experience  financial  stress.
During such periods, such issuers may not have sufficient revenues to meet their
interest  payment  obligations.   The  issuer's  ability  to  service  its  debt
obligations may also be adversely affected by specific  corporate  developments,
or the issuer's inability to meet specific projected business forecasts,  or the
unavailability  of  additional  financing.  The risk of loss from default by the
issuer is significantly greater for the holders of high yield securities because
such  securities  are generally  unsecured and are often  subordinated  to other
creditors  of the  issuer.  Prices  and  yields of high  yield  securities  will
fluctuate over time and, during periods of economic  uncertainty,  volatility of
high yield  securities  may  adversely  affect the  Fund's net asset  value.  In
addition,  investments  in high yield zero coupon or pay-in-kind  bonds,  rather
than  income-bearing  high yield securities,  may be more speculative and may be
subject to greater fluctuations in value due to changes in interest rates.      

The Fund may have  difficulty  disposing  of  certain  high  yield  (high  risk)
securities because they may have a thin trading market.  Because not all dealers
maintain  markets in all high yield  securities,  the Fund anticipates that such
securities  could be sold only to a limited  number of dealers or  institutional
investors.  The lack of a liquid  secondary market may have an adverse effect on
the market price and the Fund's ability to dispose of particular  issues and may
also make it more difficult for the Fund to obtain  accurate  market  quotations
for  purposes of valuing the Fund's  assets.  Market  quotations  generally  are
available  on many high yield  issues only from a limited  number of dealers and
may not  necessarily  represent  firm bids of such  dealers or prices for actual
sales.  Adverse  publicity and investor  perceptions may decrease the values and
liquidity of high yield  securities.  These  securities may also involve special
registration   responsibilities,   liabilities  and  costs,  and  liquidity  and
valuation difficulties.                                                         

8 

P-->497235th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 235th
Credit  quality in the  high-yield  securities  market can change  suddenly  and
unexpectedly,  and even recently-issued credit ratings may not fully reflect the
actual risks posed by a particular high-yield security. For these reasons, it is
generally the policy of the Advisor not to rely exclusively on ratings issued by
established credit rating agencies,  but to supplement such ratings with its own
independent and on-going review of credit quality. The achievement of the Fund's
investment  objective by investment in such  securities may be more dependent on
the Advisor's credit analysis than is the case for higher quality bonds.  Should
the rating of a portfolio  security be  downgraded,  the Advisor will  determine
whether  it is in the best  interests  of the Fund to retain or  dispose of such
security.                                                                       

Prices for below investment-grade  securities may be affected by legislative and
regulatory  developments.  Also,  Congress  has  from  time to  time  considered
legislation  which would  restrict or eliminate  the corporate tax deduction for
interest  payments in these  securities and regulate  corporate  restructurings.
Such legislation may significantly depress the prices of outstanding  securities
of this type.                                                                   

Illiquid Securities and Restricted Securities.  The Fund may purchase securities
that are subject to legal or  contractual  restrictions  on resale  ("restricted
securities").  Generally speaking, restricted securities may be sold (i) only to
qualified  institutional buyers; (ii) in a privately negotiated transaction to a
limited number of purchasers;  (iii) in limited  quantities after they have been
held for a specified  period of time and other conditions are met pursuant to an
exemption  from  registration;  or  (iv)  in  a  public  offering  for  which  a
registration  statement  is in  effect  under  the  Securities  Act of 1933,  as
amended.  Issuers of restricted  securities may not be subject to the disclosure
and other  investor  protection  requirements  that would be applicable if their
securities were publicly traded.                                                

Restricted  securities  are often  illiquid,  but they may also be  liquid.  For
example,  restricted securities that are eligible for resale under Rule 144A are
often deemed to be liquid.                                                      

The Fund's Board has approved  guidelines  for use by the Advisor in determining
whether a security  is liquid or  illiquid.  Among the  factors  the Advisor may
consider in reaching  liquidity  decisions relating to Rule 144A securities are:
(1) the  frequency  of trades  and quotes  for the  security;  (2) the number of
dealers  wishing  to  purchase  or sell the  security  and the  number  of other
potential purchasers;  (3) dealer undertakings to make a market in the security;
and (4) the nature of the security and the nature of the market for the security
(i.e.,  the time  needed to dispose of the  security,  the method of  soliciting
offers, and the mechanics of the transfer.  Issuers of restricted securities may
not be subject to the disclosure and other investor protection  requirement that
would  be  applicable  if  their  securities  were  publicly  traded.   Where  a
registration statement is required for the resale of restricted securities,  the
Fund may be required to bear all or part of the registration  expenses. The Fund
may be deemed to be an "underwriter" for purposes of the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended when selling restricted  securities to the public and, in such event,
the Fund may be liable to  purchasers  of such  securities  if the  registration
statement prepared by the issuer is materially inaccurate or misleading.        

The  Fund  may  also  purchase  securities  that  are not  subject  to  legal or
contractual   restrictions  on  resale,  but  that  are  deemed  illiquid.  Such
securities  may be illiquid,  for example,  because  there is a limited  trading
market for them.                                                                

The Fund may be unable to sell a restricted or illiquid  security.  In addition,
it may be more  difficult to determine a market value for restricted or illiquid
securities.  Moreover,  if adverse market  conditions were to develop during the
period between the Fund's decision to sell a restricted or illiquid security and
the point at which the Fund is permitted or able to sell such security, the Fund
might  obtain a price  less  favorable  than the price  that  prevailed  when it
decided to sell. This investment practice,  therefore,  could have the effect of
increasing the level of illiquidity of the Fund.                                

Interfund  Lending  Program.  The Fund has  received  exemptive  relief with the
Securities  and  Exchange  Commission  (the  "SEC")  that  permits  the  Fund to
participate in an interfund lending program among certain  investment  companies
advised by the Advisor.  The requested  relief,  the interfund  lending  program
would allow the participating  funds to borrow money from and loan money to each
other for temporary or emergency purposes. The program is subject to a number of
conditions  designed to ensure fair and equitable treatment of all participating
funds, including the following: (1) no fund may borrow money through the program
unless it receives a more favorable  interest rate than a rate approximating the
lowest  interest  rate at which  bank  loans  would be  available  to any of the
participating  funds  under a loan  agreement;  and (2) no fund may  lend  money
through  the  program  unless it  receives  a more  favorable  return  than that
available  from an  investment  in  repurchase  agreements  and,  to the  extent
applicable,  money market cash sweep  arrangements.  In  addition,  a fund would
participate in the program only if and to the extent that such  participation is
consistent  with the fund's  investment  objectives  and policies (for instance,
money market  funds would  normally  participate  only as lenders and tax exempt
funds only as borrowers). Interfund loans and borrowings would extend           

9 

P-->497236th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 236th
overnight,  but could have a maximum  duration  of seven  days.  Loans  could be
called on one day's  notice.  A fund may have to borrow  from a bank at a higher
interest  rate if an  interfund  loan is  called  or not  renewed.  Any delay in
repayment  to a lending fund could result in a lost  investment  opportunity  or
additional costs. The program is subject to the oversight and periodic review of
the  Boards of the  participating  funds.  To the  extent  the Fund is  actually
engaged in borrowing  through the  interfund  lending  program,  the Fund,  as a
matter of  non-fundamental  policy,  may not borrow for other than  temporary or
emergency  purposes (and not for leveraging)  except that the Fund may engage in
reverse repurchase agreements and dollar rolls for any purpose.                 

Investment  Company  Securities.  The  Fund  may  acquire  securities  of  other
investment  companies to the extent consistent with its investment objective and
subject to the  limitations of the 1940 Act. The Fund will  indirectly  bear its
proportionate share of any management fees and other expenses paid by such other
investment companies.                                                           

For example, the Fund may invest in a variety of investment companies which seek
to track the  composition  and  performance  of  specific  indexes or a specific
portion of an index.  These  index-based  investments hold  substantially all of
their assets in securities representing their specific index.  Accordingly,  the
main risk of investing in index-based  investments is the same as investing in a
portfolio  of equity  securities  comprising  the index.  The  market  prices of
index-based  investments  will fluctuate in accordance  with both changes in the
market  value of their  underlying  portfolio  securities  and due to supply and
demand for the  instruments on the exchanges on which they are traded (which may
result in their  trading at a discount  or premium to their  NAVs).  Index-based
investments  may not replicate  exactly the performance of their specified index
because of  transaction  costs and because of the  temporary  unavailability  of
certain component securities of the index.                                      

Examples of index-based investments include:                                    

SPDRs(R):  SPDRs,  an acronym for "Standard & Poor's  Depositary  Receipts," are
based on the S&P 500  Composite  Stock Price Index.  They are issued by the SPDR
Trust,  a unit  investment  trust that  holds  shares of  substantially  all the
companies  in the S&P 500 in  substantially  the  same  weighting  and  seeks to
closely track the price performance and dividend yield of the Index.            

MidCap  SPDRs(R):  MidCap SPDRs are based on the S&P MidCap 400 Index.  They are
issued by the MidCap SPDR Trust, a unit investment  trust that holds a portfolio
of securities  consisting of  substantially  all of the common stocks in the S&P
MidCap 400 Index in substantially  the same weighting and seeks to closely track
the price performance and dividend yield of the Index.                          

Select Sector SPDRs(R):  Select Sector SPDRs are based on a particular sector or
group of  industries  that are  represented  by a specified  Select Sector Index
within the Standard & Poor's Composite Stock Price Index. They are issued by The
Select Sector SPDR Trust, an open-end  management  investment  company with nine
portfolios  that each seeks to closely track the price  performance and dividend
yield of a particular Select Sector Index.                                      

DIAMONDS(SM):  DIAMONDS are based on the Dow Jones Industrial Average(SM).  They
are issued by the DIAMONDS Trust, a unit investment trust that holds a portfolio
of all the component common stocks of the Dow Jones Industrial Average and seeks
to closely track the price performance and dividend yield of the Dow.           

Nasdaq-100 Shares: Nasdaq-100 Shares are based on the Nasdaq 100 Index. They are
issued by the Nasdaq-100  Trust, a unit investment  trust that holds a portfolio
consisting of substantially  all of the securities,  in  substantially  the same
weighting,  as the component stocks of the Nasdaq-100 Index and seeks to closely
track the price performance and dividend yield of the Index.                    

WEBs(SM):  WEBs, an acronym for "World Equity Benchmark Shares," are based on 17
country-specific  Morgan Stanley Capital International  Indexes. They are issued
by the WEBs Index Fund,  Inc., an open-end  management  investment  company that
seeks to correspond  generally to the price and yield  performance of a specific
Morgan Stanley Capital International Index.                                     

Investment-Grade  Bonds. The Fund may purchase  "investment-grade"  bonds, which
are those rated Aaa,  Aa, A or Baa by Moody's or AAA, AA, A or BBB by S&P or, if
unrated,  judged to be of  equivalent  quality  as  determined  by the  Advisor.
Moody's  considers  bonds it rates Baa to have  speculative  elements as well as
investment-grade  characteristics.                                              

10

P-->497237th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 237th
To the extent that the Fund invests in  higher-grade  securities,  the Fund will
not be able to avail  itself of  opportunities  for higher  income  which may be
available at lower grades.                                                      

Investment of  Uninvested  Cash  Balances.  The Fund may have cash balances that
have not been invested in portfolio securities  ("Uninvested Cash").  Uninvested
Cash may result  from a variety of  sources,  including  dividends  or  interest
received from portfolio securities, unsettled securities transactions,  reserves
held for  investment  strategy  purposes,  scheduled  maturity  of  investments,
liquidation  of  investment  securities  to  meet  anticipated  redemptions  and
dividend payments, and new cash received from investors.  Uninvested Cash may be
invested  directly  in  money  market   instruments  or  other  short-term  debt
obligations.  Pursuant to an Exemptive Order issued by the SEC, the Fund may use
Uninvested  Cash to purchase  shares of affiliated  funds including money market
funds,  short-term bond funds and Scudder Cash Management  Investment  Trust, or
one or more future entities for which Zurich Scudder Investments acts as trustee
or investment  advisor that operate as cash management  investment  vehicles and
that are excluded from the definition of investment  company pursuant to section
3(c)(1) or 3(c)(7) of the 1940 Act (collectively, the "Central Funds") in excess
of the limitations of Section 12(d)(1) of the Investment Company Act. Investment
by the Fund in shares of the Central Funds will be in accordance with the Fund's
investment policies and restrictions as set forth in its registration statement.

Certain of the  Central  Funds  comply  with rule 2a-7 under the Act.  The other
Central Funds are or will be short-term  bond funds that invest in  fixed-income
securities  and maintain a dollar  weighted  average  maturity of three years or
less.  Each of the  Central  Funds will be managed  specifically  to  maintain a
highly liquid  portfolio,  and access to them will enhance the Fund's ability to
manage Uninvested Cash.                                                         

The Fund will invest  Uninvested  Cash in Central  Funds only to the extent that
the Fund's aggregate  investment in the Central Funds does not exceed 25% of its
total  assets in shares of the Central  Funds.  Purchase  and sales of shares of
Central Funds are made at net asset value.                                      

Investing in Emerging Markets.  The Fund's investments in foreign securities may
be in developed  countries or in countries  considered by the Fund's  Advisor to
have  developing  or "emerging"  markets,  which  involves  exposure to economic
structures that are generally less diverse and mature than in the United States,
and to  political  systems that may be less  stable.  A  developing  or emerging
market  country can be considered to be a country that is in the initial  stages
of its industrialization  cycle.  Currently,  emerging markets generally include
every  country  in the  world  other  than the  United  States,  Canada,  Japan,
Australia,   New  Zealand,  Hong  Kong,  Singapore  and  most  Western  European
countries. Currently, investing in many emerging markets may not be desirable or
feasible  because of the lack of adequate  custody  arrangements  for the Fund's
assets,  overly burdensome  repatriation and similar  restrictions,  the lack of
organized and liquid securities markets,  unacceptable  political risks or other
reasons.  As  opportunities to invest in securities in emerging markets develop,
the Fund may expand and further  broaden the group of emerging  markets in which
it invests. In the past, markets of developing or emerging market countries have
been more  volatile  than the  markets of  developed  countries;  however,  such
markets  often have provided  higher rates of return to  investors.  The Advisor
believes that these characteristics may be expected to continue in the future.  

Most emerging  securities markets have substantially less volume and are subject
to less governmental  supervision than U.S.  securities  markets.  Securities of
many  issuers in  emerging  markets may be less  liquid and more  volatile  than
securities of comparable domestic issuers. In addition, there is less regulation
of securities  exchanges,  securities dealers, and listed and unlisted companies
in emerging markets than in the U.S.                                            

Emerging markets also have different clearance and settlement procedures, and in
certain markets there have been times when  settlements  have not kept pace with
the volume of  securities  transactions.  Delays in  settlement  could result in
temporary  periods when a portion of the assets of the Fund is uninvested and no
return is earned  thereon.  The inability of the Fund to make intended  security
purchases due to  settlement  problems  could cause the Fund to miss  attractive
investment  opportunities.  Inability to dispose of portfolio  securities due to
settlement  problems could result either in losses to the Fund due to subsequent
declines in value of the  portfolio  security or, if the Fund has entered into a
contract  to sell the  security,  could  result  in  possible  liability  to the
purchaser.   Costs  associated  with  transactions  in  foreign  securities  are
generally  higher than costs  associated with  transactions in U.S.  securities.
Such  transactions  also  involve  additional  costs for the purchase or sale of
foreign currency.                                                               

Certain emerging markets require prior  governmental  approval of investments by
foreign  persons,  limit the  amount  of  investment  by  foreign  persons  in a
particular  company,  limit the investment by foreign persons only to a specific
class                                                                           

11

P-->497238th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 238th
of  securities  of a company  that may have less  advantageous  rights  than the
classes  available for purchase by  domiciliaries of the countries and/or impose
additional  taxes  on  foreign  investors.  Certain  emerging  markets  may also
restrict  investment  opportunities in issuers in industries deemed important to
national interest.                                                              

Certain emerging markets may require governmental  approval for the repatriation
of investment income,  capital or the proceeds of sales of securities by foreign
investors.  In  addition,  if a  deterioration  occurs in an  emerging  market's
balance of payments  or for other  reasons,  a country  could  impose  temporary
restrictions  on  foreign  capital  remittances.  The Fund  could  be  adversely
affected by delays in, or a refusal to grant, any required governmental approval
for  repatriation  of capital,  as well as by the application to the Fund of any
restrictions on investments.                                                    

In the course of investment in emerging markets, the Fund will be exposed to the
direct or indirect consequences of political, social and economic changes in one
or more emerging markets. While the Fund will manage its assets in a manner that
will seek to minimize the exposure to such risks, there can be no assurance that
adverse political,  social or economic changes will not cause the Fund to suffer
a loss of value in respect of the securities in the Fund's portfolio.           

The risk  also  exists  that an  emergency  situation  may  arise in one or more
emerging  markets as a result of which trading of securities may cease or may be
substantially curtailed and prices for the Fund's securities in such markets may
not be readily available.  The Fund may suspend redemption of its shares for any
period during which an emergency  exists,  as determined by the  Securities  and
Exchange   Commission.   Accordingly  if  the  Fund  believes  that  appropriate
circumstances  exist,  it will  promptly  apply to the  Securities  and Exchange
Commission for a determination  that an emergency is present.  During the period
commencing  from the Fund's  identification  of such condition until the date of
the  Securities and Exchange  Commission  action,  the Fund's  securities in the
affected  markets  will be valued at fair value  determined  in good faith by or
under the direction of the Fund's Board.                                        

Volume and  liquidity  in most  foreign  markets are less than in the U.S.,  and
securities  of many foreign  companies  are less liquid and more  volatile  than
securities of comparable U.S. companies. Fixed commissions on foreign securities
exchanges are generally  higher than negotiated  commissions on U.S.  exchanges,
although  the Fund  endeavors to achieve the most  favorable  net results on its
portfolio  transactions.  There is generally  less  government  supervision  and
regulation of business and industry practices,  securities  exchanges,  brokers,
dealers and listed  companies than in the U.S. Mail service between the U.S. and
foreign  countries  may be slower or less  reliable  than within the U.S.,  thus
increasing the risk of delayed settlements of portfolio  transactions or loss of
certificates for certificated portfolio securities. In addition, with respect to
certain  emerging  markets,   there  is  the  possibility  of  expropriation  or
confiscatory   taxation,   political  or  social   instability,   or  diplomatic
developments  which  could  affect the Fund's  investments  in those  countries.
Moreover,   individual   emerging  market  economies  may  differ  favorably  or
unfavorably  from the U.S.  economy in such respects as growth of gross national
product, rate of inflation, capital reinvestment,  resource self-sufficiency and
balance of payments position.                                                   

The Fund may have limited legal  recourse in the event of a default with respect
to certain debt  obligations it holds. If the issuer of a fixed-income  security
owned by the Fund  defaults,  the Fund may  incur  additional  expenses  to seek
recovery.  Debt obligations issued by emerging market country governments differ
from debt  obligations  of private  entities;  remedies  from  defaults  on debt
obligations issued by emerging market governments, unlike those on private debt,
must be pursued in the courts of the defaulting party itself. The Fund's ability
to enforce its rights  against  private  issuers may be limited.  The ability to
attach assets to enforce a judgment may be limited.  Legal recourse is therefore
somewhat diminished. Bankruptcy, moratorium and other similar laws applicable to
private issuers of debt obligations may be substantially different from those of
other  countries.  The  political  context,  expressed  as  an  emerging  market
governmental issuer's willingness to meet the terms of the debt obligation,  for
example, is of considerable  importance.  In addition, no assurance can be given
that the holders of commercial bank debt may not contest payments to the holders
of  debt  obligations  in the  event  of  default  under  commercial  bank  loan
agreements.                                                                     

Income from securities held by the Fund could be reduced by a withholding tax at
the source or other taxes imposed by the emerging market  countries in which the
Fund makes its  investments.  The Fund's net asset value may also be affected by
changes  in the  rates  or  methods  of  taxation  applicable  to the Fund or to
entities in which the Fund has  invested.  The Advisor will consider the cost of
any taxes in determining whether to acquire any particular investments,  but can
provide no assurance that the taxes will not be subject to change.              

Many  emerging  markets  have  experienced  substantial,  and, in some  periods,
extremely  high  rates  of  inflation  for  many  years.   Inflation  and  rapid
fluctuations  in  inflation  rates  have had and may  continue  to have  adverse
effects on the  economies  and  securities  markets of certain  emerging  market
countries. In an attempt to control inflation, wage and price controls have     

12

P-->497239th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 239th
been imposed in certain  countries.  Of these countries,  some, in recent years,
have begun to control inflation through prudent economic policies.              

Emerging market governmental issuers are among the largest debtors to commercial
banks,  foreign  governments,  international  financial  organizations and other
financial  institutions.  Certain emerging market governmental  issuers have not
been able to make  payments of interest on or principal of debt  obligations  as
those  payments  have  come due.  Obligations  arising  from past  restructuring
agreements  may  affect  the  economic  performance  and  political  and  social
stability of those issuers.                                                     

Governments  of many emerging  market  countries  have exercised and continue to
exercise  substantial  influence over many aspects of the private sector through
the ownership or control of many companies, including some of the largest in any
given  country.  As a result,  government  actions  in the  future  could have a
significant  effect on economic  conditions in emerging markets,  which in turn,
may adversely affect companies in the private sector,  general market conditions
and prices and yields of  certain  of the  securities  in the Fund's  portfolio.
Expropriation,  confiscatory taxation,  nationalization,  political, economic or
social instability or other similar  developments have occurred  frequently over
the history of certain  emerging  markets and could adversely  affect the Fund's
assets should these conditions recur.                                           

The  ability of  emerging  market  country  governmental  issuers to make timely
payments  on their  obligations  is  likely  to be  influenced  strongly  by the
issuer's balance of payments,  including export  performance,  and its access to
international  credits and  investments.  An emerging  market whose  exports are
concentrated  in a few  commodities  could be  vulnerable  to a  decline  in the
international   prices   of  one  or  more  of  those   commodities.   Increased
protectionism  on the part of an emerging  market's  trading partners could also
adversely  affect the country's  exports and diminish its trade account surplus,
if any. To the extent that emerging  markets  receive payment for its exports in
currencies other than dollars or non-emerging market currencies,  its ability to
make debt payments  denominated  in dollars or  non-emerging  market  currencies
could be affected.                                                              

Another factor bearing on the ability of emerging market countries to repay debt
obligations is the level of international reserves of the country.  Fluctuations
in the level of these  reserves  affect the amount of foreign  exchange  readily
available  for  external  debt  payments  and thus  could  have a bearing on the
capacity  of  emerging   market   countries  to  make  payments  on  these  debt
obligations.                                                                    

To the extent that an emerging  market country cannot  generate a trade surplus,
it must  depend on  continuing  loans  from  foreign  governments,  multilateral
organizations or private commercial banks, aid payments from foreign governments
and inflows of foreign investment. The access of emerging markets to these forms
of external  funding may not be certain,  and a withdrawal  of external  funding
could  adversely  affect the capacity of emerging  market  country  governmental
issuers  to make  payments  on  their  obligations.  In  addition,  the  cost of
servicing  emerging  market  debt  obligations  can be  affected  by a change in
international  interest  rates  since the  majority of these  obligations  carry
interest rates that are adjusted periodically based upon international rates.   

Lending of  Portfolio  Securities.  The Fund may seek to increase  its income by
lending   portfolio   securities.   Such   loans  may  be  made  to   registered
broker/dealers or other financial  institutions,  and are required to be secured
continuously  by  collateral in cash or liquid  assets,  maintained on a current
basis at an amount at least equal to the market  value and  accrued  interest of
the  securities  loaned.  The Fund has the right to call a loan and  obtain  the
securities loaned on five days' notice or, in connection with securities trading
on foreign  markets,  within such longer period of time which coincides with the
normal  settlement  period for  purchases  and sales of such  securities in such
foreign  markets.  During the existence of a loan, the Fund continues to receive
the equivalent of any distributions  paid by the issuer on the securities loaned
and also receives compensation based on investment of the collateral.  The risks
in lending securities,  as with other extensions of secured credit, consist of a
possible  delay in recovery  and a loss of rights in the  collateral  should the
borrower of the  securities  fail  financially.  Loans may be made only to firms
deemed by the Advisor to be of good standing and will not be made unless, in the
judgment of the Advisor,  the  consideration  to be earned from such loans would
justify the risk.                                                               

Repurchase Agreements.  The Fund may invest in repurchase agreements pursuant to
its  investment  guidelines.  In  a  repurchase  agreement,  the  Fund  acquires
ownership of a security and  simultaneously  commits to resell that  security to
the seller, typically a bank or broker/dealer.                                  

A repurchase agreement provides a means for the Fund to earn income on funds for
periods as short as overnight.  It is an  arrangement  under which the purchaser
(i.e., the Fund) acquires a security  ("Obligation")  and the seller agrees,  at
the                                                                             

13

P-->497240th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 240th
time of sale,  to  repurchase  the  Obligation  at a  specified  time and price.
Securities  subject to a repurchase  agreement are held in a segregated  account
and, as described in more detail below,  the value of such securities is kept at
least equal to the repurchase  price on a daily basis.  The repurchase price may
be higher than the purchase price,  the difference  being income to the Fund, or
the purchase and  repurchase  prices may be the same,  with interest at a stated
rate due to the Fund  together with the  repurchase  price upon  repurchase.  In
either case,  the income to the Fund is  unrelated  to the interest  rate on the
Obligation  itself.  Obligations will be held by the custodian or in the Federal
Reserve Book Entry System.                                                      

It is not clear whether a court would consider the  Obligation  purchased by the
Fund  subject to a  repurchase  agreement as being owned by the Fund or as being
collateral  for a  loan  by  the  Fund  to  the  seller.  In  the  event  of the
commencement of bankruptcy or insolvency  proceedings with respect to the seller
of the  Obligation  before  repurchase  of the  Obligation  under  a  repurchase
agreement,  the Fund may  encounter  delay and incur costs  before being able to
sell the  security.  Delays may involve  loss of interest or decline in price of
the Obligation.  [If the court  characterizes  the transaction as a loan and the
Fund has not perfected a security  interest in the  Obligation,  the Fund may be
required to return the  Obligation  to the seller's  estate and be treated as an
unsecured creditor of the seller. As an unsecured creditor, the Fund would be at
risk  of  losing  some  or all of  the  principal  and  income  involved  in the
transaction.] As with any unsecured debt Obligation  purchased for the Fund, the
Advisor  seeks to  reduce  the risk of loss  through  repurchase  agreements  by
analyzing the  creditworthiness  of the obligor,  in this case the seller of the
Obligation.  Apart from the risk of bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings,  there
is also the risk that the seller may fail to repurchase the Obligation, in which
case  the  Fund may  incur a loss if the  proceeds  to the Fund of the sale to a
third party are less than the  repurchase  price.  However,  if the market value
(including  interest)  of the  Obligation  subject to the  repurchase  agreement
becomes  less than the  repurchase  price  (including  interest),  the Fund will
direct the seller of the Obligation to deliver additional securities so that the
market value  (including  interest) of all securities  subject to the repurchase
agreement will equal or exceed the repurchase price.                            

Reverse  Repurchase  Agreements.  The Fund may enter  into  "reverse  repurchase
agreements," which are repurchase agreements in which the Fund, as the seller of
the  securities,  agrees to  repurchase  such  securities  at an agreed time and
price.  The Fund maintains a segregated  account in connection with  outstanding
reverse  repurchase  agreements.  The Fund will  enter into  reverse  repurchase
agreements only when the Advisor  believes that the interest income to be earned
from the investment of the proceeds of the transaction  will be greater than the
interest expense of the transaction. Such transactions may increase fluctuations
in the market value of Fund assets and its yield.                               

Trust Preferred  Securities.  The Fund may invest in Trust Preferred Securities,
which are hybrid  instruments  issued by a special  purpose  trust (the "Special
Trust"),  the entire equity  interest of which is owned by a single issuer.  The
proceeds of the issuance to the Fund of Trust Preferred Securities are typically
used to purchase a junior  subordinated  debenture,  and distributions  from the
Special  Trust are funded by the  payments  of  principal  and  interest  on the
subordinated debenture.                                                         

If payments on the underlying junior subordinated debentures held by the Special
Trust are deferred by the debenture  issuer,  the debentures would be treated as
original issue discount ("OID")  obligations for the remainder of their term. As
a result,  holders of Trust  Preferred  Securities,  such as the Fund,  would be
required to accrue  daily for  Federal  income tax  purposes  their share of the
stated interest and the de minimis OID on the debentures  (regardless of whether
the Fund receives any cash  distributions from the Special Trust), and the value
of Trust  Preferred  Securities  would likely be negatively  affected.  Interest
payments on the underlying junior subordinated  debentures typically may only be
deferred if dividends are  suspended on both common and  preferred  stock of the
issuer. The underlying junior  subordinated  debentures  generally rank slightly
higher in terms of payment priority than both common and preferred securities of
the issuer,  but rank below other  subordinated  debentures and debt securities.
Trust Preferred  Securities may be subject to mandatory prepayment under certain
circumstances.  The  market  values of Trust  Preferred  Securities  may be more
volatile than those of conventional debt securities.  Trust Preferred Securities
may be issued in reliance on Rule 144A under the  Securities  Act of 1933,  and,
unless  and  until  registered,  are  restricted  securities;  there  can  be no
assurance as to the liquidity of Trust  Preferred  Securities and the ability of
holders of Trust Preferred Securities, such as the Fund, to sell their holdings.

Warrants.  The Fund may  invest  in  warrants  up to 5% of the  value of its net
assets.  The holder of a warrant has the right,  until the warrant  expires,  to
purchase a given number of shares of a particular  issuer at a specified  price.
Such  investments  can  provide a greater  potential  for profit or loss than an
equivalent  investment  in the  underlying  security.  Prices of warrants do not
necessarily  move,  however,  in  tandem  with  the  prices  of  the  underlying
securities and are, therefore, considered speculative investments.  Warrants pay
no  dividends  and confer no rights  other than a purchase                      

14

P-->497241st Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 241st
option.  Thus,  if a warrant held by the Fund were not  exercised by the date of
its expiration, the Fund would lose the entire purchase price of the warrant.   

When-Issued Securities.  The Fund may from time to time purchase equity and debt
securities on a "when-issued," "delayed  delivery" or "forward delivery" basis.
The price of such securities, which may be expressed in yield terms, is fixed at
the time the  commitment  to purchase is made,  but delivery and payment for the
securities  takes place at a later date.  During the period between purchase and
settlement, no payment is made by the Fund to the issuer and no interest accrues
to the Fund. When the Fund purchases such securities, it immediately assumes the
risks of ownership, including the risk of price fluctuation.  Failure to deliver
a security purchased on this basis may result in a loss or missed opportunity to
make an alternative investment.                                                 

To the extent that assets of the Fund are held in cash pending the settlement of
a purchase of securities,  the Fund would earn no income.  While such securities
may be sold prior to the settlement date, the Fund intends to purchase them with
the  purpose of actually  acquiring  them unless a sale  appears  desirable  for
investment  reasons.  At the time the Fund makes the  commitment  to  purchase a
security on this basis,  it will record the transaction and reflect the value of
the  security  in  determining  its net asset  value.  The  market  value of the
securities may be more or less than the purchase price.  The Fund will establish
a segregated  account in which it will maintain cash and liquid securities equal
in value to commitments for such securities.                                    

Strategic  Transactions and  Derivatives.  The Fund may, but is not required to,
utilize various other investment  strategies as described below for a variety of
purposes,  such as hedging various market risks, managing the effective maturity
or duration of  fixed-income  securities in the Fund's  portfolio,  or enhancing
potential gain.  These  strategies may be executed through the use of derivative
contracts.  Such strategies are generally accepted as a part of modern portfolio
management   and  are  regularly   utilized  by  many  mutual  funds  and  other
institutional investors.                                                        

In the course of pursuing these investment strategies, the Fund may purchase and
sell  exchange-listed and  over-the-counter  put and call options on securities,
equity and fixed-income indices and other instruments, purchase and sell futures
contracts and options thereon,  enter into various  transactions  such as swaps,
caps, floors, collars,  currency forward contracts,  currency futures contracts,
currency  swaps or options on currencies  or currency  futures and various other
currency  transactions  (collectively,  all  the  above  are  called  "Strategic
Transactions").  In  addition,  Strategic  Transactions  may  also  include  new
techniques,  instruments or strategies that are permitted as regulatory  changes
occur.  Strategic  Transactions  may be used without limit to attempt to protect
against  possible  changes in the market  value of  securities  held in or to be
purchased for the Fund's portfolio resulting from securities markets or currency
exchange rate fluctuations,  to protect the Fund's unrealized gains in the value
of its portfolio  securities,  to  facilitate  the sale of such  securities  for
investment   purposes,   to  manage  the  effective   maturity  or  duration  of
fixed-income  securities in the Fund's portfolio,  or to establish a position in
the  derivatives  markets as a substitute for  purchasing or selling  particular
securities.  Some Strategic  Transactions may also be used to enhance  potential
gain  although  no more  than 5% of the  Fund's  assets  will  be  committed  to
Strategic  Transactions  entered into for  non-hedging  purposes.  Any or all of
these investment techniques may be used at any time and in any combination,  and
there is no particular  strategy  that dictates the use of one technique  rather
than  another,  as use of any  Strategic  Transaction  is a function of numerous
variables including market conditions.  The ability of the Fund to utilize these
Strategic  Transactions  successfully  will depend on the  Advisor's  ability to
predict  pertinent  market  movements,  which  cannot be assured.  The Fund will
comply  with  applicable   regulatory   requirements  when  implementing   these
strategies, techniques and instruments.  Strategic Transactions will not be used
to alter fundamental investment purposes and characteristics of the Fund and the
Fund will segregate assets (or as provided by applicable regulations, enter into
certain  offsetting  positions) to cover its obligations under options,  futures
and swaps to limit leveraging of the Fund.                                      

Strategic  Transactions,  including derivative contracts,  have risks associated
with them  including  possible  default by the other  party to the  transaction,
illiquidity and, to the extent the Advisor's view as to certain market movements
is incorrect,  the risk that the use of such Strategic Transactions could result
in losses  greater  than if they had not been used.  Use of put and call options
may  result  in losses to the Fund,  force  the sale or  purchase  of  portfolio
securities  at  inopportune  times or for prices higher than (in the case of put
options)  or lower than (in the case of call  options)  current  market  values,
limit the amount of  appreciation  the Fund can  realize on its  investments  or
cause the Fund to hold a security it might  otherwise  sell. The use of currency
transactions  can result in the Fund incurring losses as a result of a number of
factors   including  the   imposition  of  exchange   controls,   suspension  of
settlements,  or the inability to deliver or receive a specified  currency.  The
use of  options  and  futures  transactions  entails  certain  other  risks.  In
particular,  the  variable  degree of  correlation  between  price  movements of
futures contracts and price movements in the related  portfolio  position of the
Fund  creates  the  possibility  that losses on the  hedging  instrument  may be
greater than gains in the value                                                 

15

P-->497242nd Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 242nd
of the Fund's  position.  In  addition,  futures and options  markets may not be
liquid in all  circumstances  and certain  over-the-counter  options may have no
markets.  As a result,  in certain markets,  the Fund might not be able to close
out a transaction without incurring  substantial losses, if at all. Although the
use of futures and options  transactions for hedging should tend to minimize the
risk of loss due to a decline in the value of the hedged  position,  at the same
time they tend to limit any  potential  gain which might result from an increase
in value of such position.  Finally, the daily variation margin requirements for
futures contracts would create a greater ongoing  potential  financial risk than
would  purchases  of options,  where the  exposure is limited to the cost of the
initial premium.  Losses resulting from the use of Strategic  Transactions would
reduce net asset value, and possibly income, and such losses can be greater than
if the Strategic Transactions had not been utilized.                            

General  Characteristics of Options. Put options and call options typically have
similar structural  characteristics and operational  mechanics regardless of the
underlying  instrument on which they are purchased or sold.  Thus, the following
general  discussion relates to each of the particular types of options discussed
in greater  detail below.  In addition,  many Strategic  Transactions  involving
options  require  segregation of Fund assets in special  accounts,  as described
below under "Use of Segregated and Other Special Accounts."                     

A put option gives the purchaser of the option,  upon payment of a premium,  the
right to sell, and the writer the  obligation to buy, the  underlying  security,
commodity,  index,  currency or other  instrument  at the  exercise  price.  For
instance, the Fund's purchase of a put option on a security might be designed to
protect its holdings in the underlying  instrument (or, in some cases, a similar
instrument) against a substantial decline in the market value by giving the Fund
the right to sell such  instrument at the option  exercise price. A call option,
upon payment of a premium,  gives the  purchaser of the option the right to buy,
and the seller the obligation to sell, the underlying instrument at the exercise
price.  The Fund's  purchase of a call option on a security,  financial  future,
index,  currency  or other  instrument  might be  intended  to protect  the Fund
against an increase in the price of the underlying instrument that it intends to
purchase  in the  future  by  fixing  the  price at which it may  purchase  such
instrument.  An American  style put or call option may be  exercised at any time
during  the  option  period  while a  European  style put or call  option may be
exercised only upon expiration or during a fixed period prior thereto.  The Fund
is authorized to purchase and sell exchange listed options and  over-the-counter
options  ("OTC  options").  Exchange  listed  options  are issued by a regulated
intermediary such as the Options Clearing Corporation ("OCC"),  which guarantees
the  performance  of the  obligations  of  the  parties  to  such  options.  The
discussion  below uses the OCC as an example,  but is also  applicable  to other
financial intermediaries.                                                       

With certain exceptions, OCC issued and exchange listed options generally settle
by physical  delivery of the  underlying  security or currency,  although in the
future cash  settlement  may become  available.  Index  options  and  Eurodollar
instruments are cash settled for the net amount,  if any, by which the option is
"in-the-money"  (i.e., where the value of the underlying  instrument exceeds, in
the case of a call  option,  or is less than,  in the case of a put option,  the
exercise  price of the option) at the time the option is exercised.  Frequently,
rather than taking or making delivery of the underlying  instrument  through the
process of  exercising  the option,  listed  options are closed by entering into
offsetting  purchase or sale transactions that do not result in ownership of the
new option.                                                                     

The Fund's  ability to close out its position as a purchaser or seller of an OCC
or exchange listed put or call option is dependent,  in part, upon the liquidity
of the option  market.  Among the  possible  reasons for the absence of a liquid
option market on an exchange are: (i)  insufficient  trading interest in certain
options; (ii) restrictions on transactions imposed by an exchange; (iii) trading
halts,  suspensions  or other  restrictions  imposed with respect to  particular
classes or series of options or underlying  securities  including reaching daily
price  limits;  (iv)  interruption  of the  normal  operations  of the OCC or an
exchange;  (v)  inadequacy  of the  facilities  of an  exchange or OCC to handle
current  trading  volume;  or  (vi)  a  decision  by one or  more  exchanges  to
discontinue the trading of options (or a particular class or series of options),
in which event the relevant  market for that option on that exchange would cease
to exist, although outstanding options on that exchange would generally continue
to be exercisable in accordance with their terms.                               

The hours of trading for listed  options may not coincide  with the hours during
which the underlying  financial  instruments are traded.  To the extent that the
option   markets  close  before  the  markets  for  the   underlying   financial
instruments,  significant  price  and  rate  movements  can  take  place  in the
underlying markets that cannot be reflected in the option markets.              

OTC  options  are  purchased  from  or  sold to  securities  dealers,  financial
institutions  or  other  parties  ("Counterparties")  through  direct  bilateral
agreements  with the  Counterparties.  In contrast to exchange  listed  options,
which generally have standardized terms and performance mechanics, all the terms
of an OTC option,  including such terms as method of                            

16

P-->497243rd Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 243rd
settlement,  term, exercise price, premium,  guarantees and security, are set by
negotiation of the parties.  The Fund will only sell OTC options (other than OTC
currency options) that are subject to a buy-back  provision  permitting the Fund
to require  the  Counterparty  to sell the option  back to the Fund at a formula
price  within seven days.  The Fund expects  generally to enter into OTC options
that have cash settlement provisions, although it is not required to do so.     

Unless the  parties  provide  for it,  there is no central  clearing or guaranty
function in an OTC option.  As a result,  if the  Counterparty  fails to make or
take delivery of the security,  currency or other  instrument  underlying an OTC
option  it has  entered  into  with the Fund or fails to make a cash  settlement
payment due in accordance with the terms of that option,  the Fund will lose any
premium  it paid  for the  option  as well  as any  anticipated  benefit  of the
transaction.  Accordingly,  the Advisor must assess the creditworthiness of each
such Counterparty or any guarantor or credit  enhancement of the  Counterparty's
credit to  determine  the  likelihood  that the terms of the OTC option  will be
satisfied.  The Fund  will  engage  in OTC  option  transactions  only with U.S.
government securities dealers recognized by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York
as "primary  dealers"  or  broker/dealers,  domestic  or foreign  banks or other
financial  institutions which have received (or the guarantors of the obligation
of which have  received) a short-term  credit rating of A-1 from S&P or P-1 from
Moody's or an  equivalent  rating  from any  nationally  recognized  statistical
rating organization ("NRSRO") or, in the case of OTC currency transactions,  are
determined to be of equivalent  credit quality by the Advisor.  The staff of the
SEC  currently  takes the position that OTC options  purchased by the Fund,  and
portfolio securities  "covering" the amount of the Fund's obligation pursuant to
an OTC  option  sold by it (the  cost of the  sell-back  plus  the  in-the-money
amount,  if any) are  illiquid,  and are  subject  to the Fund's  limitation  on
investing no more than 15% of its net assets in illiquid securities.            

If the Fund sells a call  option,  the premium  that it receives  may serve as a
partial hedge,  to the extent of the option  premium,  against a decrease in the
value of the  underlying  securities  or  instruments  in its  portfolio or will
increase the Fund's income. The sale of put options can also provide income.    

The Fund may  purchase  and sell  call  options  on  securities  including  U.S.
Treasury  and agency  securities,  mortgage-backed  securities,  corporate  debt
securities,  equity securities (including convertible securities) and Eurodollar
instruments that are traded on U.S. and foreign securities  exchanges and in the
over-the-counter  markets,  and on securities  indices,  currencies  and futures
contracts. All calls sold by the Fund must be "covered" (i.e., the Fund must own
the securities or futures contract,  subject to the call) or must meet the asset
segregation  requirements  described  below as long as the call is  outstanding.
Even though the Fund will receive the option  premium to help protect it against
loss,  a call sold by the Fund exposes the Fund during the term of the option to
possible loss of opportunity to realize  appreciation in the market price of the
underlying security or instrument and may require the Fund to hold a security or
instrument which it might otherwise have sold.                                  

The Fund may purchase and sell put options on securities including U.S. Treasury
and agency  securities,  mortgage-backed  securities,  foreign  sovereign  debt,
corporate debt securities,  equity securities (including convertible securities)
and Eurodollar  instruments (whether or not it holds the above securities in its
portfolio),  and on securities indices,  currencies and futures contracts, other
than futures on individual corporate debt and individual equity securities.  The
Fund will not sell put  options  if, as a  result,  more than 50% of the  Fund's
assets would be required to be  segregated  to cover its  potential  obligations
under such put  options  other than those with  respect to futures  and  options
thereon.  In selling put options,  there is a risk that the Fund may be required
to buy the  underlying  security  at a  disadvantageous  price  above the market
price.                                                                          

General Characteristics of Futures. The Fund may enter into futures contracts or
purchase  or sell  put and  call  options  on such  futures  as a hedge  against
anticipated  interest rate, currency or equity market changes,  and for duration
management,  for risk management and return  enhancement  purposes.  Futures are
generally  bought and sold on the  commodities  exchanges  where they are listed
with payment of initial and variation  margin as described  below. The sale of a
futures contract creates a firm obligation by the Fund, as seller, to deliver to
the buyer the  specific  type of  instrument  called  for in the  contract  at a
specific  future time for a specified  price (or,  with respect to index futures
and Eurodollar instruments,  the net cash amount).  Options on futures contracts
are similar to options on securities except that an option on a futures contract
gives  the  purchaser  the  right in  return  for the  premium  paid to assume a
position  in a  futures  contract  and  obligates  the  seller to  deliver  such
position.                                                                       

The Fund's use of futures and options  thereon  will in all cases be  consistent
with  applicable  regulatory  requirements  and  in  particular  the  rules  and
regulations of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission and will be entered into
for bona fide hedging,  risk management (including duration management) or other
portfolio management and return enhancement                                     

17

P-->497244th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 244th
purposes. Typically, maintaining a futures contract or selling an option thereon
requires the Fund to deposit with a financial  intermediary  as security for its
obligations an amount of cash or other specified  assets (initial  margin) which
initially is typically 1% to 10% of the face amount of the contract  (but may be
higher in some circumstances).  Additional cash or assets (variation margin) may
be required to be deposited  thereafter on a daily basis as the marked to market
value of the contract fluctuates.  The purchase of an option on futures involves
payment of a premium for the option  without any further  obligation on the part
of the Fund. If the Fund exercises an option on a futures  contract,  it will be
obligated to post initial margin (and potential subsequent variation margin) for
the  resulting  futures  position  just as it would  for any  position.  Futures
contracts  and  options  thereon  are  generally  settled  by  entering  into an
offsetting  transaction  but there can be no assurance  that the position can be
offset prior to  settlement  at an  advantageous  price,  nor that delivery will
occur.                                                                          

The Fund will not enter into a futures  contract or related  option  (except for
closing transactions) if, immediately  thereafter,  the sum of the amount of its
initial margin and premiums on open futures  contracts and options thereon would
exceed 5% of the Fund's total assets (taken at current value);  however,  in the
case of an  option  that  is  in-the-money  at the  time  of the  purchase,  the
in-the-money  amount may be  excluded  in  calculating  the 5%  limitation.  The
segregation  requirements  with respect to futures contracts and options thereon
are described below.                                                            

Options on Securities  Indices and Other  Financial  Indices.  The Fund also may
purchase and sell call and put options on securities indices and other financial
indices and in so doing can achieve many of the same objectives it would achieve
through  the sale or  purchase  of options  on  individual  securities  or other
instruments.  Options on  securities  indices  and other  financial  indices are
similar to options on a security or other  instrument  except that,  rather than
settling by physical delivery of the underlying instrument,  they settle by cash
settlement,  i.e.,  an option on an index gives the holder the right to receive,
upon exercise of the option, an amount of cash if the closing level of the index
upon which the option is based exceeds,  in the case of a call, or is less than,
in the case of a put, the exercise  price of the option  (except if, in the case
of an OTC option, physical delivery is specified).  This amount of cash is equal
to the excess of the closing  price of the index over the exercise  price of the
option,  which  also may be  multiplied  by a formula  value.  The seller of the
option is  obligated,  in return for the premium  received,  to make delivery of
this  amount.  The  gain or loss on an  option  on an  index  depends  on  price
movements in the instruments making up the market,  market segment,  industry or
other  composite  on which the  underlying  index is based,  rather  than  price
movements in  individual  securities,  as is the case with respect to options on
securities.                                                                     

Combined Transactions. The Fund may enter into multiple transactions,  including
multiple options transactions,  multiple futures transactions, multiple currency
transactions  (including forward currency  contracts) and multiple interest rate
transactions and any combination of futures, options, currency and interest rate
transactions   ("component"   transactions),   instead  of  a  single  Strategic
Transaction,  as part of a single or combined  strategy  when, in the opinion of
the  Advisor,  it is in the best  interests  of the  Fund to do so.  A  combined
transaction  will usually  contain  elements of risk that are present in each of
its component transactions.  Although combined transactions are normally entered
into based on the Advisor's  judgment that the combined  strategies  will reduce
risk or otherwise  more  effectively  achieve the desired  portfolio  management
goal, it is possible that the  combination  will instead  increase such risks or
hinder achievement of the portfolio management objective.                       

Swaps, Caps, Floors and Collars. Among the Strategic Transactions into which the
Fund may enter  are  interest  rate,  currency,  index  and other  swaps and the
purchase or sale of related caps, floors and collars.  The Fund expects to enter
into these transactions primarily to preserve a return or spread on a particular
investment  or  portion  of  its   portfolio,   to  protect   against   currency
fluctuations,  as a duration  management  technique  or to protect  against  any
increase in the price of securities the Fund  anticipates  purchasing at a later
date.  The Fund will not sell interest rate caps or floors where it does not own
securities  or other  instruments  providing  the income  stream the Fund may be
obligated  to pay.  Interest  rate swaps  involve the  exchange by the Fund with
another party of their respective commitments to pay or receive interest,  e.g.,
an exchange of floating  rate payments for fixed rate payments with respect to a
notional  amount of principal.  A currency swap is an agreement to exchange cash
flows on a notional amount of two or more currencies based on the relative value
differential  among them and an index swap is an agreement to swap cash flows on
a notional amount based on changes in the values of the reference  indices.  The
purchase  of a cap  entitles  the  purchaser  to receive  payments on a notional
principal  amount from the party selling such cap to the extent that a specified
index exceeds a predetermined  interest rate or amount.  The purchase of a floor
entitles the purchaser to receive  payments on a notional  principal amount from
the party selling such floor to the extent that a specified  index falls below a
predetermined  interest rate or amount. A collar is a combination of a cap and a
floor that preserves a certain return within a  predetermined  range of interest
rates or values.                                                                

18

P-->497245th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 245th
The Fund will  usually  enter into swaps on a net basis,  i.e.,  the two payment
streams  are  netted  out in a cash  settlement  on the  payment  date or  dates
specified in the instrument,  with the Fund receiving or paying, as the case may
be, only the net amount of the two payments. Inasmuch as the Fund will segregate
assets (or enter into any offsetting  position) to cover its  obligations  under
swaps,  the Advisor and the Fund  believe  such  obligations  do not  constitute
senior securities under the 1940 Act, and,  accordingly,  will not treat them as
being  subject to its borrowing  restrictions.  The Fund will not enter into any
swap, cap, floor or collar transaction unless, at the time of entering into such
transaction, the unsecured long-term debt of the Counterparty, combined with any
credit enhancements,  is rated at least A by S&P or Moody's or has an equivalent
rating from a NRSRO or is determined to be of equivalent  credit  quality by the
Advisor.  If  there  is a  default  by  the  Counterparty,  the  Fund  may  have
contractual remedies pursuant to the agreements related to the transaction.  The
swap market has grown substantially in recent years with a large number of banks
and investment  banking firms acting both as principals and as agents  utilizing
standardized  swap  documentation.  As a  result,  the swap  market  has  become
relatively  liquid.  Caps,  floors and collars are more recent  innovations  for
which  standardized   documentation  has  not  yet  been  fully  developed  and,
accordingly, they are less liquid than swaps.                                   

Eurodollar Instruments. The Fund may make investments in Eurodollar instruments.
Eurodollar instruments are U.S.  dollar-denominated futures contracts or options
thereon  which are  linked  to the  London  Interbank  Offered  Rate  ("LIBOR"),
although  foreign  currency-denominated  instruments  are available from time to
time.  Eurodollar futures contracts enable purchasers to obtain a fixed rate for
the lending of funds and sellers to obtain a fixed rate for borrowings. The Fund
might use  Eurodollar  futures  contracts  and options  thereon to hedge against
changes in LIBOR, to which many interest rate swaps and fixed income instruments
are linked.                                                                     

Risks of Strategic  Transactions  Outside the U.S.  When  conducted  outside the
U.S., Strategic  Transactions may not be regulated as rigorously as in the U.S.,
may not involve a clearing mechanism and related guarantees,  and are subject to
the risk of governmental actions affecting trading in, or the prices of, foreign
securities,  currencies and other instruments.  The value of such positions also
could be adversely affected by: (i) other complex foreign  political,  legal and
economic factors,  (ii) lesser availability than in the U.S. of data on which to
make trading decisions,  (iii) delays in the Fund's ability to act upon economic
events occurring in foreign markets during  non-business hours in the U.S., (iv)
the  imposition of different  exercise and  settlement  terms and procedures and
margin  requirements  than  in the  U.S.,  and  (v)  lower  trading  volume  and
liquidity.                                                                      

Use of Segregated and Other Special Accounts.  Many Strategic  Transactions,  in
addition to other  requirements,  require that the Fund segregate cash or liquid
assets with its  custodian  to the extent  Fund  obligations  are not  otherwise
"covered" through ownership of the underlying security,  financial instrument or
currency.  In general,  either the full amount of any  obligation by the Fund to
pay or  deliver  securities  or  assets  must be  covered  at all  times  by the
securities, instruments or currency required to be delivered, or, subject to any
regulatory  restrictions,  an amount of cash or liquid securities at least equal
to the current amount of the obligation  must be segregated  with the custodian.
The segregated assets cannot be sold or transferred unless equivalent assets are
substituted in their place or it is no longer  necessary to segregate  them. For
example,  a call  option  written by the Fund will  require the Fund to hold the
securities  subject  to the  call (or  securities  convertible  into the  needed
securities  without  additional  consideration)  or to segregate  cash or liquid
securities  sufficient  to purchase  and deliver the  securities  if the call is
exercised.  A call option sold by the Fund on an index will  require the Fund to
own portfolio  securities which correlate with the index or to segregate cash or
liquid assets equal to the excess of the index value over the exercise  price on
a current basis. A put option written by the Fund requires the Fund to segregate
cash or liquid assets equal to the exercise price.                              

Except when the Fund enters into a forward  contract for the purchase or sale of
a security denominated in a particular currency,  which requires no segregation,
a  currency  contract  which  obligates  the Fund to buy or sell  currency  will
generally  require  the  Fund to hold an  amount  of  that  currency  or  liquid
securities  denominated in that currency  equal to the Fund's  obligations or to
segregate cash or liquid assets equal to the amount of the Fund's obligation.   

OTC options entered into by the Fund,  including those on securities,  currency,
financial  instruments  or  indices  and OCC issued and  exchange  listed  index
options, will generally provide for cash settlement.  As a result, when the Fund
sells these  instruments it will only segregate an amount of assets equal to its
accrued net  obligations,  as there is no requirement for payment or delivery of
amounts  in excess of the net  amount.  These  amounts  will  equal  100% of the
exercise  price  in the  case  of a non  cash-settled  put,  the  same as an OCC
guaranteed  listed option sold by the Fund, or the in-the-money  amount plus any
sell-back formula amount in the case of a cash-settled put or call. In addition,
when the Fund  sells a call  option on an index at a time when the  in-the-money
amount exceeds the exercise  price,  the Fund will  segregate,  until the option
expires  or is  closed  out,  cash or cash  equivalents  equal  in value to such
excess. OCC issued and exchange listed options sold by the Fund other than those
above  generally  settle with physical  delivery,  or with an                   

19

P-->497246th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 246th
election  of  either  physical  delivery  or cash  settlement  and the Fund will
segregate an amount of assets equal to the full value of the option. OTC options
settling with physical  delivery or with an election of either physical delivery
or cash  settlement  will be treated  the same as other  options  settling  with
physical delivery.                                                              

In the case of a futures  contract or an option  thereon,  the Fund must deposit
initial margin and, possibly,  daily variation margin in addition to segregating
assets  sufficient to meet its  obligation to purchase or provide  securities or
currencies,  or to pay the  amount  owed  at the  expiration  of an  index-based
futures contract. Such assets may consist of cash, cash equivalents,  short-term
debt or equity securities or other acceptable assets.                           

With  respect to swaps,  the Fund will accrue the net amount of the  excess,  if
any, of its  obligations  over its  entitlements  with respect to each swap on a
daily basis and will segregate an amount of cash or liquid assets having a value
equal to the accrued excess.  Caps,  floors and collars  require  segregation of
assets with a value equal to the Fund's net obligation, if any.                 

Strategic  Transactions  may be covered  by other  means  when  consistent  with
applicable  regulatory  policies.  The  Fund  may  also  enter  into  offsetting
transactions so that its combined position,  coupled with any segregated assets,
equals  its  net  outstanding   obligation  in  related  options  and  Strategic
Transactions.  For example,  the Fund could  purchase a put option if the strike
price of that option is the same or higher than the strike price of a put option
sold by the Fund.  Moreover,  instead of  segregating  assets if the Fund held a
futures or forward contract,  it could purchase a put option on the same futures
or forward  contract with a strike price as high or higher than the price of the
contract held. Other Strategic  Transactions may also be offset in combinations.
If the  offsetting  transaction  terminates  at the time of or after the primary
transaction no segregation is required, but if it terminates prior to such time,
assets equal to any remaining obligation would need to be segregated.           

Portfolio Turnover                                                              

The Fund's average annual portfolio  turnover rate is the ratio of the lesser of
sales or  purchases to the monthly  average  value of the  portfolio  securities
owned during the year,  excluding all securities  with  maturities or expiration
dates at the time of  acquisition  of one year or  less.  The  Fund's  portfolio
turnover  rates for the fiscal  years ended  August 31, 2000 and August 31, 2001
were 83% and 85%,  respectively.  Purchases  and sales  are made for the  Fund's
portfolio  whenever  necessary,  in  management's  opinion,  to meet the  Fund's
objective.                                                                      

MANAGEMENT OF THE FUND

Investment Advisor

Zurich Scudder  Investments,  Inc. (the "Advisor"),  an investment counsel firm,
acts as investment  advisor to the Fund. This  organization,  the predecessor of
which  is  Scudder,  Stevens  &  Clark,  Inc.,  is one of the  most  experienced
investment  counsel firms in the U. S. It was  established  as a partnership  in
1919 and  pioneered the practice of providing  investment  counsel to individual
clients on a fee basis.  In 1928 it introduced  the first no-load mutual fund to
the public. In 1953 the Advisor introduced Scudder International Fund, Inc., the
first mutual fund available in the U.S. investing  internationally in securities
of issuers in several foreign countries. The predecessor firm reorganized from a
partnership  to a  corporation  on June 28, 1985.  On December 31, 1997,  Zurich
Insurance Company ("Zurich") acquired a majority interest in Scudder, and Zurich
Kemper Investments, Inc., a Zurich subsidiary, became part of Scudder. Scudder's
name changed to Scudder  Kemper  Investments,  Inc. On  September  7, 1998,  the
businesses of Zurich (including Zurich's 70% interest in Scudder Kemper) and the
financial  services  businesses  of B.A.T.  Industries  p.l.c.  ("B.A.T.")  were
combined to form a new global insurance and financial  services company known as
Zurich  Financial  Services Group.  By way of a dual holding company  structure,
former Zurich shareholders initially owned approximately 57% of Zurich Financial
Services Group, with the balance initially owned by former B.A.T.  shareholders.
On October 17, 2000,  the dual  holding  company  structure of Zurich  Financial
Services  Group,  comprised of Allied  Zurich p.l.c.  in the United  Kingdom and
Zurich  Allied A.G. in  Switzerland,  was unified  into a single  Swiss  holding
company,  Zurich Financial Services. On January 1, 2001, the Advisor changed its
name from Scudder Kemper Investments, Inc. to Zurich Scudder Investments, Inc.  

Founded in 1872, Zurich is a multinational,  public corporation  organized under
the laws of  Switzerland.  Its home  office is  located  at  Mythenquai  2, 8002
Zurich,  Switzerland.  Historically,  Zurich's  earnings  have resulted from its
operations as an insurer as well as from its ownership of its  subsidiaries  and
affiliated  companies  (the  "Zurich  Insurance  Group").                       

20

P-->497247th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 247th
Zurich and the Zurich  Insurance  Group provide an extensive  range of insurance
products and services and have branch offices and  subsidiaries  in more than 40
countries throughout the world.                                                 

The principal source of the Advisor's income is professional  fees received from
providing  continuous  investment advice.  Today, it provides investment counsel
for many individuals and institutions,  including insurance companies, colleges,
industrial  corporations,  and  financial and banking  organizations  as well as
providing investment advice to over 280 open and closed-end mutual funds.       

The Advisor  maintains a large research  department,  which conducts  continuous
studies of the factors that affect the position of various industries, companies
and  individual   securities.   The  Advisor  receives   published  reports  and
statistical  compilations  from issuers and other  sources,  as well as analyses
from  brokers  and  dealers  who  may  execute  portfolio  transactions  for the
Advisor's clients. However, the Advisor regards this information and material as
an  adjunct  to  its  own  research  activities.   The  Advisor's  international
investment management team travels the world, researching hundreds of companies.
In selecting the securities in which the Fund may invest,  the  conclusions  and
investment decisions of the Advisor with respect to the Fund are based primarily
on the analyses of its own research department.                                 

Certain  investments  may be appropriate for the Fund and also for other clients
advised by the Advisor.  Investment decisions for the Fund and other clients are
made with a view to achieving their respective  investment  objectives and after
consideration  of such factors as their current  holdings,  availability of cash
for  investment  and the  size of their  investments  generally.  Frequently,  a
particular  security  may be bought or sold for only one client or in  different
amounts  and at  different  times for more  than one but less than all  clients.
Likewise,  a particular  security may be bought for one or more clients when one
or more other clients are selling the security. In addition,  purchases or sales
of the same  security  may be made for two or more  clients on the same day.  In
such event,  such  transactions  will be allocated among the clients in a manner
believed by the Advisor to be equitable to each. In some cases,  this  procedure
could have an adverse effect on the price or amount of the securities  purchased
or sold by the Fund.  Purchase and sale orders for the Fund may be combined with
those of other  clients of the  Advisor in the  interest of  achieving  the most
favorable net results to the Fund.                                              

In  certain  cases,  the  investments  for the  Fund  are  managed  by the  same
individuals  who manage one or more other mutual  funds  advised by the Advisor,
that have similar names,  objectives and investment  styles. You should be aware
that the Fund is likely to differ from these other  mutual  funds in size,  cash
flow pattern and tax matters.  Accordingly,  the holdings and performance of the
Fund can be expected to vary from those of other mutual funds.                  

Upon  consummation of the B.A.T.  transaction,  the Fund's  existing  investment
management  agreement  with Scudder Kemper was deemed to have been assigned and,
therefore,  terminated. The Board approved a new investment management agreement
with the  Advisor,  which is  substantially  identical  to the prior  investment
management agreement, except for the dates of execution and termination. The new
investment  management  agreement became  effective  September 7, 1998, upon the
termination of the then current investment management agreement and was approved
at a shareholder meeting held on December 15, 1998.                             

An Amended and Restated  investment  management  agreement (the "Agreement") for
the Fund was  approved by the  Directors  on July 10, 2000 and at a  shareholder
meeting  held on July 13,  2000 and became  effective  on August 14,  2000.  The
Agreement will continue in effect until September 30, 2002 and from year to year
thereafter  only  if its  continuance  is  approved  annually  by the  vote of a
majority of those  Directors who are not parties to such Agreement or interested
persons of the Advisor or the  Corporation,  cast in person at a meeting  called
for  the  purpose  of  voting  on such  approval,  and  either  by a vote of the
Corporation's Directors or of a majority of the outstanding voting securities of
the Fund. The Agreement may be terminated at any time without payment of penalty
by either party on sixty days' written  notice and  automatically  terminates in
the event of its assignment.                                                    

Under the Agreement,  the Advisor  regularly  provides the Fund with  continuing
investment  management  for the  Fund's  portfolio  consistent  with the  Fund's
investment objectives, policies and restrictions and determines which securities
shall be purchased,  held or sold and what portion of the Fund's assets shall be
held uninvested,  subject always to the Corporation's  Articles of Incorporation
and  By-Laws,  of the  1940  Act  and  the  Code  and to the  Fund's  investment
objective, policies and restrictions, and subject, further, to such policies and
instructions  as the Board of the  Corporation  may from time to time establish.
The Advisor also advises and assists the officers of the  Corporation  in taking
such                                                                            

21

P-->497248th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 248th
steps  as are  necessary  or  appropriate  to  carry  out the  decisions  of its
Directors and the appropriate  committees of the Directors regarding the conduct
of the business of the Corporation.                                             

Under  the  Agreement,  the  Advisor  also  renders  significant  administrative
services  (not  otherwise   provided  by  third   parties)   necessary  for  the
Corporation's  operations as an open-end  investment company including,  but not
limited to,  preparing  reports and notices to the Directors  and  shareholders;
supervising,  negotiating contractual  arrangements with, and monitoring various
third-party  service  providers to the Fund (such as the Fund's  transfer agent,
pricing agents, custodian, accountants and others); preparing and making filings
with the SEC and other  regulatory  agencies;  assisting in the  preparation and
filing of the Fund's federal, state and local tax returns;  preparing and filing
the Fund's  federal  excise tax  returns;  assisting  with  investor  and public
relations matters; monitoring the valuation of securities and the calculation of
net asset  value;  monitoring  the  registration  of  shares  of the Fund  under
applicable  federal and state securities laws;  maintaining the Fund's books and
records to the extent not otherwise  maintained  by a third party;  assisting in
establishing  accounting  policies of the Fund;  assisting in the  resolution of
accounting and legal issues;  establishing  and monitoring the Fund's  operating
budget;  processing the payment of the Fund's bills;  assisting the Fund in, and
otherwise  arranging  for,  the  payment  of  distributions  and  dividends  and
otherwise  assisting  the Fund in the  conduct of its  business,  subject to the
direction and control of the Directors.                                         

The Advisor pays the  compensation and expenses (except those of attending Board
and committee  meetings outside New York, New York or Boston,  Massachusetts) of
all Directors,  officers and executive employees of the Fund affiliated with the
Advisor and makes  available,  without expense to the Fund, the services of such
Directors, officers and employees of the Advisor as may duly be elected officers
of the Fund, subject to their individual consent to serve and to any limitations
imposed by law, and provides the Fund's office space and facilities.            

For these  services,  the Fund pays the Advisor a fee equal to 0.675% of average
daily net assets on such  assets up to $6 billion,  0.625% of average  daily net
assets on the next $1  billion,  and 0.600% of average  daily net assets on such
assets exceeding $7 billion, computed and accrued daily and payable monthly.    

Under the  Agreement  between the Fund and the Advisor,  effective  September 7,
1998 until August 14, 2000,  the  management fee payable under the Agreement was
equal to an annual  rate of  approximately  0.90% of the first  $500  million of
average  daily net  assets,  0.85% of the next $500  million of such net assets,
0.80% of the next $1 billion of such net assets, 0.75% of the next $1 billion of
such net assets, and 0.70% of such net assets in excess of $3 billion,  computed
and accrued daily and payable monthly.                                          

The  investment  advisory  fee for the  fiscal  year  ended  March 31,  1999 was
$23,819,941.  For the five months ended August 31, 1999, the investment advisory
fees  pursuant to the  Agreement  amounted to  $11,269,103.  For the years ended
August 31, 2000 and 2001, the  investment  advisory fees amounted to $36,335,757
and $28,435,700.  The investment  advisory fee for 2001 was was equivalent to an
annual effective rate of 0.675% of the Fund's average daily net assets.         

Under  the  Agreement  the Fund is  responsible  for all of its  other  expenses
including:   fees  and  expenses  incurred  in  connection  with  membership  in
investment company  organizations;  brokers'  commissions;  legal,  auditing and
accounting expenses;  the calculation of net asset value; taxes and governmental
fees; the fees and expenses of the Transfer  Agent;  the cost of preparing share
certificates or any other expenses of issue, sale,  underwriting,  distribution,
redemption or repurchase of shares; the expenses of and the fees for registering
or qualifying securities for sale; the fees and expenses of Directors,  officers
and employees of the Fund who are not affiliated  with the Advisor;  the cost of
printing and distributing reports and notices to stockholders;  and the fees and
disbursements  of custodians.  The Fund may arrange to have third parties assume
all or part of the expenses of sale,  underwriting and distribution of shares of
the  Fund.  The  Fund is also  responsible  for its  expenses  of  shareholders'
meetings,  the cost of responding to shareholders'  inquiries,  and its expenses
incurred in connection  with  litigation,  proceedings  and claims and the legal
obligation  it  may  have  to  indemnify  its  officers  and  Directors  of  the
Corporation with respect thereto.                                               

The Agreement expressly provides that the Advisor shall not be required to pay a
pricing agent of the Fund for portfolio pricing services, if any.               

The Agreement  identifies the Advisor as the exclusive licensee of the rights to
use and sublicense the names "Scudder," "Scudder Kemper  Investments,  Inc." and
"Scudder Stevens and Clark,  Inc." (together,  the "Scudder Marks").  Under this
license, the Corporation,  with respect to the Fund, has the non-exclusive right
to use and sublicense the Scudder name and marks as part of its name, and to use
the Scudder Marks in the Corporation's investment products and services.        

22

P-->497249th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 249th
In reviewing  the terms of the  Agreement  and in  discussions  with the Advisor
concerning  such  Agreement,  the  Directors  of the  Corporation  who  are  not
"interested  persons" of the Advisor are  represented by independent  counsel at
the Fund's expense.                                                             

The  Agreement  provides  that the Advisor  shall not be liable for any error of
judgment or mistake of law or for any loss  suffered  by the Fund in  connection
with  matters  to which the  Agreement  relates,  except a loss  resulting  from
willful misfeasance, bad faith or gross negligence on the part of the Advisor in
the  performance of its duties or from reckless  disregard by the Advisor of its
obligations and duties under the Agreement.                                     

Officers and  employees  of the Advisor from time to time may have  transactions
with various  banks,  including the Fund's  custodian  bank. It is the Advisor's
opinion that the terms and conditions of those  transactions which have occurred
were  not   influenced  by  existing  or  potential   custodial  or  other  Fund
relationships.                                                                  

The Advisor may serve as advisor to other funds with  investment  objectives and
policies  similar  to  those of the Fund  that may have  different  distribution
arrangements or expenses, which may affect performance.                         

None of the officers or Directors of the  Corporation may have dealings with the
Fund as principals in the purchase or sale of  securities,  except as individual
subscribers to or holders of shares of the Fund.                                

AMA InvestmentLink(SM)  Program                                                 

Pursuant  to an  Agreement  between  the  Advisor  and AMA  Solutions,  Inc.,  a
subsidiary of the American Medical  Association (the "AMA"),  dated May 9, 1997,
the Advisor has agreed,  subject to  applicable  state  regulations,  to pay AMA
Solutions,  Inc.  royalties  in an  amount  equal  to 5% of the  management  fee
received  by the  Advisor  with  respect to assets  invested  by AMA  members in
Scudder funds in connection with the AMA InvestmentLink(SM) Program. The Advisor
will also pay AMA Solutions, Inc. a general monthly fee, currently in the amount
of $833.  The AMA and AMA  Solutions,  Inc.  are not engaged in the  business of
providing  investment advice and neither is registered as an investment  advisor
or broker/dealer  under federal  securities laws. Any person who participates in
the AMA  InvestmentLink(SM)  Program  will be a customer of the Advisor (or of a
subsidiary   thereof)   and   not   the   AMA  or  AMA   Solutions,   Inc.   AMA
InvestmentLink(SM) is a service mark of AMA Solutions, Inc.                     

Code of Ethics                                                                  

The Fund,  the Advisor and  principal  underwriter  have each  adopted  codes of
ethics under rule 17j-1 of the Investment  Company Act. Board members,  officers
of the Fund and employees of the Advisor and principal underwriter are permitted
to make personal securities  transactions,  including transactions in securities
that  may be  purchased  or held  by the  Funds,  subject  to  requirements  and
restrictions  set forth in the applicable Code of Ethics.  The Advisor's Code of
Ethics  contains  provisions and  requirements  designed to identify and address
certain  conflicts of interest  between personal  investment  activities and the
interests  of the  Fund.  Among  other  things,  the  Advisor's  Code of  Ethics
prohibits  certain types of  transactions  absent prior  approval,  imposes time
periods  during  which  personal   transactions  may  not  be  made  in  certain
securities,  and requires the submission of duplicate broker  confirmations  and
quarterly reporting of securities transactions. Additional restrictions apply to
portfolio  managers,  traders,  research  analysts  and others  involved  in the
investment  advisory  process.  Exceptions to these and other  provisions of the
Advisor's Code of Ethics may be granted in particular circumstances after review
by appropriate personnel.                                                       

Administrative Agreement                                                        

The  Fund  has an  administrative  services  agreement  with  the  Advisor  (the
"Administrative  Agreement"),  pursuant to which the Advisor will provide or pay
others to provide  substantially all of the administrative  services required by
the Fund  (other  than  those  provided  by the  Advisor  under  its  investment
management  agreement  with the Fund,  as  described  above) in exchange for the
payment by the Fund of an administrative services fee (the "Administrative Fee")
of 0.375% of its average daily net assets.  One effect of these  arrangements is
to make the Fund's future expense ratio more predictable. However, the Fund will
not benefit from economies of scale derived from increases in assets.           

For the fiscal year ended August 31, 2001, the Administrative Fee charged to the
Fund amounted to $15,823,658, of which $1,173,785 was unpaid at August 31, 2001.
For the period August 14, 2000 through August 31, 2000, the  Administrative  Fee
charged to the Fund amounted to $921,739.                                       

23

P-->497250th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 250th
Various third-party service providers (the "Service  Providers"),  some of which
are affiliated with the Advisor,  provide certain  services to the Fund pursuant
to separate  agreements with the Fund.  Scudder Fund Accounting  Corporation,  a
subsidiary  of the Advisor,  computes net asset value for the Fund and maintains
its accounting records.  Scudder Service  Corporation,  also a subsidiary of the
Advisor, is the transfer,  shareholder  servicing and dividend-paying  agent for
the shares of the Fund.  Scudder  Trust  Company,  an  affiliate of the Advisor,
provides  subaccounting and  recordkeeping  services for shareholders in certain
retirement and employee  benefit plans.  As custodian,  Brown Brothers  Harriman
holds the portfolio  securities of the Fund, pursuant to a custodian  agreement.
PricewaterhouseCoopers  LLP  audits  the  financial  statements  of the Fund and
provides other audit, tax, and related services. Dechert acts as general counsel
for the Fund.                                                                   

The Advisor will pay the Service  Providers for the provision of their  services
to the Fund and will pay other fund expenses, including insurance, registration,
printing  and  postage  fees.  In  return,  the  Fund  will pay the  Advisor  an
Administrative Fee.                                                             

The  Administrative  Agreement  has an initial term of three  years,  subject to
earlier  termination  by the Fund's  Board.  The fee  payable by the Fund to the
Advisor pursuant to the Administrative Agreement is reduced by the amount of any
credit received from the Fund's custodian for cash balances.                    

Certain  expenses  of the  Fund  will  not be borne  by the  Advisor  under  the
Administrative Agreement,  such as taxes, brokerage,  interest and extraordinary
expenses;  and the fees and expenses of the Independent Directors (including the
fees and expenses of their  independent  counsel).  In  addition,  the Fund will
continue to pay the fees required by its  investment  management  agreement with
the Advisor.                                                                    

Brokerage Commissions                                                           

Allocation of brokerage is supervised by the Advisor.                           

The primary objective of the Advisor in placing orders for the purchase and sale
of securities for the Fund is to obtain the most  favorable net results,  taking
into account such factors as price, commission where applicable,  size of order,
difficulty of execution and skill required of the executing  broker/dealer.  The
Advisor seeks to evaluate the overall  reasonableness  of brokerage  commissions
paid (to the extent applicable)  through the familiarity of the Distributor with
commissions  charged  on  comparable  transactions,  as  well  as  by  comparing
commissions paid by the Fund to reported commissions paid by others. The Advisor
routinely reviews commission rates,  execution and settlement services performed
and makes internal and external comparisons.                                    

The Fund's  purchases and sales of fixed-income  securities are generally placed
by the Advisor with primary  market makers for these  securities on a net basis,
without any brokerage  commission being paid by the Fund. Trading does, however,
involve  transaction costs.  Transactions with dealers serving as primary market
makers  reflect  the  spread  between  the bid and asked  prices.  Purchases  of
underwritten  issues may be made, which will include an underwriting fee paid to
the underwriter.                                                                

When it can be done consistently with the policy of obtaining the most favorable
net  results,   it  is  the  Advisor's   practice  to  place  such  orders  with
broker/dealers  who supply research,  market and statistical  information to the
Advisor or the Fund.  The term  "research  services"  includes  advice as to the
value of securities;  the  advisability  of investing in,  purchasing or selling
securities;   the  availability  of  securities  or  purchasers  or  sellers  of
securities; and analyses and reports concerning issuers, industries, securities,
economic factors and trends, portfolio strategy and the performance of accounts.
The Advisor is authorized when placing  portfolio  transactions,  if applicable,
for the Fund to pay a  brokerage  commission  in  excess of that  which  another
broker might charge for executing the same  transaction  on account of execution
services  and the receipt of  research  services.  The  Advisor  has  negotiated
arrangements,  which are not applicable to most fixed-income transactions,  with
certain  broker/dealers  pursuant to which a broker/dealer will provide research
services,  to the  Advisor  or the Fund in  exchange  for the  direction  by the
Advisor of  brokerage  transactions  to the  broker/dealer.  These  arrangements
regarding  receipt  of  research  services  generally  apply to equity  security
transactions.  The Advisor may place  orders with a  broker/dealer  on the basis
that the  broker/dealer  has or has not sold  shares of the Fund.  In  effecting
transactions  in  over-the-counter  securities,   orders  are  placed  with  the
principal  market makers for the security being traded unless,  after exercising
care, it appears that more favorable results are available elsewhere.           

24

P-->497251st Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 251st
To the  maximum  extent  feasible,  it is expected  that the Advisor  will place
orders  for  portfolio   transactions  through  the  Distributor,   which  is  a
corporation  registered as a broker/dealer and a subsidiary of the Advisor;  the
Distributor  will place orders on behalf of the Fund with issuers,  underwriters
or other brokers and dealers.  The Distributor  will not receive any commission,
fee or other remuneration from the Fund for this service.                       

Although certain research services from broker/dealers may be useful to the Fund
and to the Advisor,  it is the opinion of the Advisor that such information only
supplements the Advisor's own research  effort since the information  must still
be analyzed,  weighed, and reviewed by the Advisor's staff. Such information may
be useful to the Advisor in providing  services to clients  other than the Fund,
and not all such information is used by the Advisor in connection with the Fund.
Conversely,  such information provided to the Advisor by broker/dealers  through
whom other clients of the Advisor effect  securities  transactions may be useful
to the Advisor in providing services to the Fund.                               

The Directors  review from time to time whether the recapture for the benefit of
the Fund of some portion of the  brokerage  commissions  or similar fees paid by
the Fund on portfolio transactions is legally permissible and advisable.        

For the year ended  August 31,  2001,  the Fund paid  brokerage  commissions  of
$11,244,046.  For the five month period  beginning  April 1, 1999 through August
31, 1999 and for the fiscal years ended August 31, 2000 and 1999,  the Fund paid
brokerage commissions of $4,793,968, $14,867,810, and $9,926,570 respectively.  

For the year ended August 31, 2001,  $5,363,294  (47.70% of the total  brokerage
commissions  paid by the Fund)  resulted  from orders for  transactions,  placed
consistent  with the policy of seeking to obtain the most favorable net results,
with  brokers  and  dealers  who  provided  supplementary  research,  market and
statistical  information  to the  Fund  or  the  Advisor.  The  amount  of  such
transactions aggregated  $7,598,333,534,  of which $3,228,079,085 (42.48% of all
brokerage  transactions) were transactions which included research  commissions.
The balance of such  brokerage was not allocated to particular  broker or dealer
with regard to the above-mentioned or other special factors.                    

Distributor                                                                     

The Corporation has an underwriting  agreement with Scudder  Investor  Services,
Inc., Two International  Place,  Boston, MA 02110, a Massachusetts  corporation,
which is a subsidiary of the Advisor, a Delaware corporation.  The Corporation's
underwriting  agreement  dated May 8, 2000 will remain in effect until September
30, 2002 and from year to year  thereafter  only if its  continuance is approved
annually  by a majority  of the members of the Board who are not parties to such
agreement  or  interested  persons  of any such  party  and  either by vote of a
majority of the Board or a majority of the outstanding  voting securities of the
Fund.  The  underwriting  agreement was last approved by the Directors on August
14, 2001.                                                                       

Under the  underwriting  agreement,  the Fund is responsible for: the payment of
all fees and expenses in connection with the preparation and filing with the SEC
of its registration  statement and prospectus and any amendments and supplements
thereto;  the registration  and  qualification of shares for sale in the various
states,  including  registering the Fund as a broker or dealer in various states
as  required;  the  fees  and  expenses  of  preparing,   printing  and  mailing
prospectuses  annually to existing shareholders (see below for expenses relating
to prospectuses paid by the Distributor);  notices, proxy statements, reports or
other  communications  to  shareholders  of the Fund;  the cost of printing  and
mailing  confirmations of purchases of shares and any prospectuses  accompanying
such  confirmations;  any issuance  taxes and/or any initial  transfer  taxes; a
portion of shareholder  toll-free  telephone charges and expenses of shareholder
service  representatives;  the cost of  wiring  funds for  share  purchases  and
redemptions (unless paid by the shareholder who initiates the transaction);  the
cost of printing and postage of business reply  envelopes;  and a portion of the
cost of computer terminals used by both the Fund and the Distributor.           

The Distributor will pay for printing and  distributing  prospectuses or reports
prepared for its use in connection with the offering of the Fund's shares to the
public and preparing,  printing and mailing any other  literature or advertising
in  connection  with the  offering  of  shares  of the Fund to the  public.  The
Distributor will pay all fees and expenses in connection with its  qualification
and  registration  as a broker or dealer under federal and state laws, a portion
of the cost of toll-free  telephone service and expenses of shareholder  service
representatives,  a portion of the cost of computer  terminals,  and expenses of
any activity which is primarily  intended to result in the sale of shares issued
by the Fund,  unless a Rule 12b-1 Plan is in effect which provides that the Fund
shall bear some or all of such expenses.                                        

25

P-->497252nd Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 252nd
As agent,  the Distributor  currently  offers shares of the Fund on a continuous
basis to  investors  in all states in which  shares of the Fund may from time to
time be  registered  or where  permitted by  applicable  law.  The  underwriting
agreement  provides that the Distributor  accepts orders for shares at net asset
value as no sales commission or load is charged to the investor. The Distributor
has made no firm commitment to acquire shares of the Fund.                      

FUND SERVICE PROVIDERS

Transfer Agent                                                                  

Scudder Service Corporation  ("Service  Corporation"),  P.O. Box 219669,  Kansas
City,  Missouri,  64121-9669,  a subsidiary of the Advisor,  is the transfer and
dividend  disbursing  agent for the Fund.  Service  Corporation  also  serves as
shareholder service agent and provides  subaccounting and recordkeeping services
for shareholder accounts in certain retirement and employee benefit plans. Prior
to the  implementation of the  Administrative  Agreement,  the Fund paid Service
Corporation  an annual fee of $26.00 for each retail account and $29.00 for each
retirement  account.  For the year ended August 31, 2000, the Fund incurred fees
of $10,603 for the Shares and $3,420,086  for the Class S Shares,  respectively.
The Fund incurred fees of $4,632 for the Shares and  $1,258,902  for the Class S
Shares,  respectively,  during the five months ended  August 31, 1999.  The Fund
incurred  fees of $4,857 for the Shares and  $3,098,197  for the Class S shares,
respectively, during the fiscal year ended March 31, 1999.                      

The Fund, or the Advisor (including any affiliate of the Advisor),  or both, may
pay   unaffiliated   third  parties  for  providing   recordkeeping   and  other
administrative  services with respect to accounts of  participants in retirement
plans or other  beneficial  owners of Fund shares whose interests are held in an
omnibus account.                                                                

Custodian                                                                       

The Fund employs Brown  Brothers  Harriman & Company,  40 Water Street,  Boston,
Massachusetts 02109 as Custodian for the Fund.                                  

Legal Counsel                                                                   

The law firm of Dechert is counsel to the Fund.                                 

Fund Accounting Agent                                                           

Scudder  Fund  Accounting   Corporation,   Two  International   Place,   Boston,
Massachusetts, 02110-4103, a subsidiary of the Advisor, computes net asset value
for the Fund. Prior to the implementation of the Administrative  Agreement,  the
Fund paid Scudder Fund  Accounting  Corporation an annual fee equal to 0.065% of
the first $150  million of average  daily net  assets,  0.040% of such assets in
excess of $150  million,  0.020% of such  assets in excess of $1  billion,  plus
holding and  transaction  charges for this  service.  The Fund  incurred fees of
$893,682  and  $838,885  during the fiscal  years ended March 31, 1999 and 1998,
respectively.  For the five months ended August 31, 1999,  the fee was $402,576.
Prior to August  14,  2000,  the amount  charged to the Fund by SFAC  aggregated
$1,250,099.                                                                     

Auditors                                                                        

The  financial  highlights  of the  Fund  included  in the  prospectus  and  the
Financial  Statements  incorporated by reference in this Statement of Additional
Information  have been so included or  incorporated  by reference in reliance on
the  report  of   PricewaterhouseCoopers   LLP,  160  Federal  Street,   Boston,
Massachusetts 02110, independent accountants, and given on the authority of that
firm as experts  in  accounting  and  auditing.  PricewaterhouseCoopers,  LLP is
responsible  for  performing  annual  and  semiannual  audits  of the  financial
statements  and financial  highlights  of the Fund in  accordance  with auditing
standards  generally  accepted  in  the  United  States  of  America,   and  the
preparation of federal tax returns.                                             

Retirement Service Provider                                                     

Scudder Trust Company, an affiliate of the Advisor,  provides  subaccounting and
recordkeeping  services  for  shareholder  accounts  in certain  retirement  and
employee  benefit  plans.  Prior  to the  implementation  of the  Administrative
Agreement,  annual  service  fees were paid by the Class S shares of the Fund to
Scudder  Trust  Company,   Two  International   Place,   Boston,   Massachusetts
02110-4103,  an affiliate of the Advisor, for such accounts.  The Class S shares
of the Fund paid                                                                

26

P-->497253rd Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 253rd
Scudder Trust Company an annual fee of $29 per shareholder  account. The Class S
shares of the Fund  incurred a fee of  $2,067,603  during the fiscal  year ended
March 31, 1999. For the five months ended August 31, 1999, the Class S shares of
the Fund  incurred  fees of  $1,202,021.  Prior to August 14,  2000,  the amount
charged to Class S shares of the Fund aggregated $3,776,386.                    

 PERFORMANCE

From time to time,  quotations  of the  Shares'  performance  may be included in
advertisements,  sales  literature  or reports to  shareholders  or  prospective
investors. These performance figures will be calculated in the following manner:

Average Annual Total Return                                                     

Average  Annual Total Return is the average  annual  compound rate of return for
the periods of one year, five years, and ten years, all ended on the last day of
a recent  calendar  quarter.  Average  annual  total return  quotations  reflect
changes in the price of the Shares and assume  that all  dividends  and  capital
gains distributions during the respective periods were reinvested in the Shares.
Average annual total return is calculated by finding the average annual compound
rates of return of a hypothetical investment over such periods, according to the
following   formula  (average  annual  total  return  is  then  expressed  as  a
percentage):                                                                    

T = (ERV/P)1/n - 1

Where:                                                        

P        =        a hypothetical initial investment of $1,000 
T        =        Average Annual Total Return                 
n        =        number of years                             
         ERV      =        ending redeemable value: ERV is the value, at the end
                         of the applicable  period, of a hypothetical $1,000
                        investment made at the beginning of the applicable
period                    

Average Annual Total Return for periods ended August 31, 2001 

                                        One Year        Life of Class*
                                        --------        --------------

                                      -26.42%              1.75%

*        The Class commenced operations on April 3, 1998.                       

Cumulative Total Return                                                         

Cumulative Total Return is the compound rate of return on a hypothetical initial
investment of $1,000 for a specified period.  Cumulative Total Return quotations
reflect  changes in the price of the Shares and assume  that all  dividends  and
capital  gains  distributions  during the period were  reinvested in the Shares.
Cumulative  Total Return is calculated by finding the cumulative rates of return
of a  hypothetical  investment  over such  periods,  according to the  following
formula (Cumulative Total Return is then expressed as a percentage):            

 C = (ERV/P) - 1

Where:                                                            

C        =       Cumulative Total Return        
     P        =       a hypothetical initial investment of
$1,000        
              ERV      =       ending  redeemable  value:  ERV is the value,
                           at the end of the applicable period, of a
                             hypothetical  $1,000 investment made at the
                    beginning of the applicable period

27

P-->497254th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 254th
Total Return                                                                    

Total Return is the rate of return on an  investment  for a specified  period of
time calculated in the same manner as Cumulative Total Return.                  

From  time  to  time,  in  advertisements,  sales  literature,  and  reports  to
shareholders  or prospective  investors,  figures  relating to the growth in the
total net assets of the Fund apart from capital  appreciation  will be cited, as
an update to the information in this section, including, but not limited to: net
cash flow, net subscriptions, gross subscriptions, net asset growth, net account
growth, and subscription rates. Capital  appreciation  generally will be covered
by marketing literature as part of the Fund's and classes' performance data.    

Quotations of the Fund's performance are based on historical earnings,  show the
performance  of a  hypothetical  investment,  and are not  intended  to indicate
future  performance of the Fund. An investor's shares when redeemed may be worth
more or less than their original  cost.  Performance of the Fund will vary based
on changes in market conditions and the level of the Fund's expenses.           

Comparison of Fund Performance                                                  

A  comparison  of  the  quoted  non-standard  performance  offered  for  various
investments is valid only if performance is calculated in the same manner. Since
there  are  different  methods  of  calculating  performance,  investors  should
consider the effects of the methods used to calculate performance when comparing
performance of the Fund with performance quoted with respect to other investment
companies or types of investments.                                              

In connection  with  communicating  its  performance  to current or  prospective
shareholders,  the Fund also may compare  these  figures to the  performance  of
unmanaged  indices  which may assume  reinvestment  of dividends or interest but
generally do not reflect deductions for administrative and management costs.    

Historical  information on the value of the dollar versus foreign currencies may
be used from time to time in advertisements concerning the Fund. Such historical
information  is not indicative of future  fluctuations  in the value of the U.S.
dollar  against  these  currencies.  In addition,  marketing  materials may cite
country and economic  statistics and historical stock market performance for any
of the countries in which the Fund invests.                                     

From  time to  time,  in  advertising  and  marketing  literature,  the  Shares'
performance  may be compared to the  performance of broad groups of mutual funds
with similar investment goals, as tracked by independent organizations.         

From  time to time,  in  marketing  and other  Fund  literature,  Directors  and
officers of the  Corporation,  the Fund's portfolio  manager,  or members of the
portfolio  management  team may be depicted and quoted to give  prospective  and
current  shareholders  a better  sense of the outlook and  approach of those who
manage the Fund.  In  addition,  the amount of assets that the Advisor has under
management  in  various  geographical  areas may be quoted  in  advertising  and
marketing materials.                                                            

The Fund may be  advertised as an  investment  choice in the  Advisor's  college
planning program.                                                               

Statistical  and  other   information,   as  provided  by  the  Social  Security
Administration,  may be used in marketing  materials  pertaining  to  retirement
planning  in order to  estimate  future  payouts  of social  security  benefits.
Estimates may be used on demographic and economic data.                         

Marketing and other Fund  literature  may include a description of the potential
risks and rewards  associated with an investment in the Fund and the Shares. The
description  may include a  "risk/return  spectrum"  which  compares the Fund to
other Scudder funds or broad categories of funds, such as money market,  bond or
equity funds,  in terms of potential  risks and returns.  Money market funds are
designed to maintain a constant $1.00 share price and have a fluctuating  yield.
Share  price,  yield and total return of a bond fund will  fluctuate.  The share
price and return of an equity fund also will fluctuate. The description may also
compare the Fund to bank  products,  such as  certificates  of  deposit.  Unlike
mutual  funds,  certificates  of deposit  are insured up to $100,000 by the U.S.
government and offer a fixed rate of return.                                    

Because bank products  guarantee the principal  value of an investment and money
market funds seek stability of principal, these investments are considered to be
less risky than  investments  in either bond or equity funds,  which may        

28

P-->497255th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 255th
involve the loss of principal.  However,  all long-term  investments,  including
investments in bank  products,  may be subject to inflation  risk,  which is the
risk of erosion of the value of an  investment  as prices  increase  over a long
time period.  The risks/returns  associated with an investment in bond or equity
funds depend upon many factors.  For bond funds these factors  include,  but are
not limited to, the Fund's overall investment  objective,  the average portfolio
maturity,  credit quality of the securities  held, and interest rate  movements.
For equity funds, factors include the Fund's overall investment  objective,  the
types of equity securities held and the financial position of the issuers of the
securities.  The  risks/returns  associated with an investment in  international
bond or equity funds also will depend upon currency exchange rate fluctuation.  

A risk/return spectrum generally will position the various investment categories
in the following order: bank products, money market funds, bond funds and equity
funds. Shorter-term bond funds generally are considered less risky and offer the
potential  for less return  than  longer-term  bond  funds.  The same is true of
domestic bond funds relative to  international  bond funds,  and bond funds that
purchase  higher quality  securities  relative to bond funds that purchase lower
quality securities.  Growth and income equity funds are generally  considered to
be less risky and offer the  potential  for less return than  growth  funds.  In
addition,  international  equity funds  usually are  considered  more risky than
domestic equity funds but generally offer the potential for greater return.     

Evaluation of Fund performance or other relevant statistical information made by
independent  sources  may also be used in  advertisements  concerning  the Fund,
including  reprints of, or selections  from,  editorials or articles  about this
Fund.                                                                           

 PURCHASE AND REDEMPTION OF SHARES

There is a  $25,000  minimum  initial  investment  in the  Shares.  The  minimum
subsequent investment in the Shares is $1,000. Investment minimums may be waived
for Directors and officers of the Corporation  and certain other  affiliates and
entities.  The Fund and Scudder  Investor  Services,  Inc.  (the  "Distributor")
reserve the right to reject any  purchase  order.  All funds will be invested in
full and fractional Shares.                                                     

The Shares can be purchased and sold  exclusively by investors  through  Barrett
Associates,  Inc. ("Barrett Associates"),  565 Fifth Avenue, New York, NY 10017.
Investors  wishing to purchase  or sell  Shares  should  contact  their  Barrett
Associates representative at 212-983-5080,  or in person at the above address. A
Barrett  Associates  representative  will then execute the order through Scudder
Service Corporation,  a subsidiary of the Advisor (the "Transfer Agent"). Due to
the desire of the  Corporation to afford ease of redemption,  certificates  will
not be issued to indicate  ownership in the Fund.  Orders for Shares of the Fund
will be executed at the net asset value per Share next determined after an order
has become effective.                                                           

Checks  drawn on a  non-member  bank or a  foreign  bank may take  substantially
longer to be  converted  into  federal  funds  and,  accordingly,  may delay the
execution  of an order.  Checks  must be  payable  in U.S.  dollars  and will be
accepted subject to collection at full face value.                              

By investing in the Fund, a shareholder appoints the Transfer Agent to establish
an open  account  to  which  all  shares  purchased  will be  credited  with any
dividends and capital gains  distributions  that are paid in additional  Shares.
See  "Distribution  and  Performance  Information -- Dividends and Capital Gains
Distributions" in the Shares' Prospectus.                                       

Other Information                                                               

The Fund has authorized  certain  members of the NASD other than the Distributor
(namely,  Barrett  Associates) to accept purchase and redemption  orders for the
Fund's shares.  The broker may also designate  other parties to accept  purchase
and redemption  orders on the Fund's  behalf.  Orders for purchase or redemption
will be deemed  to have been  received  by the Fund when such  brokers  or their
authorized  designees  accept the orders.  Subject to the terms of the  contract
between the Fund and the broker,  ordinarily orders will be priced at the Fund's
net  asset  value  next  computed  after  acceptance  by such  brokers  or their
authorized designees.  Further, if purchases or redemptions of the Fund's shares
are arranged and settlement is made at an investor's  election through any other
authorized  NASD member,  that member may, at its  discretion,  charge a fee for
that  service.  The  Directors and the  Distributor,  also the Fund's  principal
underwriter,  each has the right to limit the  amount of  purchases  by,  and to
refuse to sell to, any person.  The Directors and the Distributor may suspend or
terminate the offering of shares of the Fund at any time for any reason.        

29

P-->497256th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 256th
The "Tax  Identification  Number" section of the  Application  must be completed
when opening an account.  Applications  and purchase  orders without a certified
tax  identification  number and certain other certified  information (e.g., from
exempt  organizations a certification of exempt status),  may be returned to the
investor if a correct,  certified  tax  identification  number and certain other
required certificates are not supplied.                                         

The Fund may issue  shares at net asset value in  connection  with any merger or
consolidation  with, or acquisition of the assets of, any investment  company or
personal holding company, subject to the requirements of the 1940 Act.          

Redeeming Shares                                                                

Payment of redemption  proceeds may be made in securities.  The  Corporation may
suspend the right of redemption  with respect to the Fund during any period when
(i) trading on the New York Stock Exchange (the "Exchange") is restricted or the
Exchange is closed, other than customary weekend and holiday closings,  (ii) the
SEC has by order permitted such suspension or (iii) an emergency,  as defined by
rules of the SEC, exists making disposal of Fund securities or  determination of
the value of the net assets of the Fund not reasonably practicable.             

A  shareholder's  account  remains  open for up to one year  following  complete
redemption  and all costs  during  the  period  will be borne by the Fund.  This
permits an investor to resume investments.                                      

Redemption-in-Kind                                                              

The Corporation reserves the right, if conditions exist which make cash payments
undesirable,  to honor any request for redemption or repurchase  order by making
payment in whole or in part in readily marketable  securities chosen by the Fund
and valued as they are for purposes of  computing  the Fund's net asset value (a
redemption-in-kind).  If payment is made in securities,  a shareholder may incur
transaction  expenses in converting  these securities into cash. The Corporation
has  elected,  however,  to be  governed  by Rule 18f-1  under the 1940 Act as a
result of which the Fund is obligated to redeem shares,  with respect to any one
shareholder  during  any  90-day  period,  solely  in cash up to the  lesser  of
$250,000  or 1% of the net  asset  value  of the  Fund at the  beginning  of the
period.                                                                         

 FEATURES AND SERVICES OFFERED BY THE FUND

Special  Monthly  Summary of Accounts.  A special service is available to banks,
brokers,  investment  advisors,  trust companies and others who have a number of
accounts  in the Fund.  In  addition  to the copy of the  regular  Statement  of
Account  furnished to the registered  holder after each  transaction,  a monthly
summary of accounts  can be  provided.  The monthly  summary  will show for each
account the account  number,  the month-end  share balance and the dividends and
distributions  paid during the month. All costs of this service will be borne by
the  Corporation.  For  information on the special  monthly summary of accounts,
contact the Corporation.                                                        

DIVIDENDS, CAPITAL GAINS AND TAXES

The Fund intends to follow the practice of  distributing  all of its  investment
company  taxable  income,  which includes any excess of net realized  short-term
capital gains over net realized  long-term  capital losses.  The Fund may follow
the practice of distributing the entire excess of net realized long-term capital
gains over net realized short-term capital losses.  However, the Fund may retain
all or part of such gain for  reinvestment  after  paying  the  related  federal
income  taxes  for which  the  shareholders  may then be asked to claim a credit
against their federal income tax liability.                                     

If the Fund does not  distribute  the amount of  capital  gain  and/or  ordinary
income  required to be  distributed  by an excise tax provision of the Code, the
Fund may be subject to that excise tax. In certain  circumstances,  the Fund may
determine that it is in the interest of shareholders to distribute less than the
required amount.                                                                

Earnings and profits  distributed to  shareholders on redemptions of Fund shares
may be utilized by the Fund,  to the extent  permissible,  as part of the Fund's
dividends paid deduction on its federal tax return.                             

The Fund intends to distribute its investment company taxable income and any net
realized  capital  gains in November or  December to avoid  federal  excise tax,
although an additional distribution may be made if necessary.                   

30

P-->497257th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 257th
Both types of distributions will be made in Shares of the Fund and confirmations
will be mailed to Barrett  Associates,  on behalf of each shareholder,  unless a
shareholder  has  elected to receive  cash,  in which case a check will be sent.
Distributions  of investment  company  taxable  income and net realized  capital
gains are taxable , whether made in Shares or cash.                             

Each  distribution  is  accompanied  by a  brief  explanation  of the  form  and
character of the  distribution.  The  characterization  of distributions on such
correspondence may differ from the characterization for federal tax purposes. In
January of each year the Fund  issues to Barrett  Associates,  on behalf of each
shareholder,  a statement of the federal income tax status of all  distributions
in the prior calendar year.                                                     

Taxes                                                                           

The Fund has  elected to be  treated as a  regulated  investment  company  under
Subchapter M of the Code,  or a  predecessor  statute and has  qualified as such
since  its  inception.   Such  qualification   does  not  involve   governmental
supervision or management of investment practices or policy.                    

A regulated  investment  company  qualifying  under  Subchapter M of the Code is
required to distribute to its shareholders at least 90 percent of its investment
company taxable income (including net short-term  capital gain) and generally is
not subject to federal income tax to the extent that it distributes annually its
investment  company taxable income and net realized  capital gains in the manner
required under the Code.                                                        

If for any taxable year the Fund does not qualify for special federal income tax
treatment afforded  regulated  investment  companies,  all of its taxable income
will be subject to federal  income tax at regular  corporate  rates (without any
deduction for  distributions to its  shareholders).  In such an event,  dividend
distributions  would be  taxable  to  shareholders  to the  extent of the Fund's
earnings and profits, and would be eligible for the dividends received deduction
in the case of corporate shareholders.                                          

The Fund is subject to a 4%  nondeductible  excise tax on amounts required to be
but not distributed under a prescribed formula.  The formula requires payment to
shareholders  during a calendar year of distributions  representing at least 98%
of the Fund's  ordinary income for the calendar year, at least 98% of the excess
of its capital gains over capital losses  (adjusted for certain ordinary losses)
realized  during the one-year period ending October 31 during such year, and all
ordinary  income and  capital  gains for prior  years  that were not  previously
distributed.                                                                    

Investment  company taxable income  generally is made up of dividends,  interest
and net short-term capital gains in excess of net long-term capital losses, less
expenses.  Net realized  capital  gains for a fiscal year are computed by taking
into account any capital loss carryforward of the Fund.                         

From  November 1, 2000 through  August 31,  2001,  International  Fund  incurred
approximately  $626,984,000 of net realized capital losses.  As permitted by tax
regulations,  the Fund  intends to elect to defer these losses and treat them as
arising in the fiscal year ending August 31, 2002.                              

If any net realized long-term capital gains in excess of net realized short-term
capital  losses are  retained by the Fund for  reinvestment,  requiring  federal
income taxes to be paid thereon by the Fund,  the Fund intends to elect to treat
such capital gains as having been distributed to shareholders. As a result, each
shareholder will report such capital gains as long-term  capital gains,  will be
able to claim a proportionate  share of federal income taxes paid by the Fund on
such gains as a credit against the  shareholder's  federal income tax liability,
and will be entitled to increase  the  adjusted  tax basis of the  shareholder's
Fund shares by the difference  between such reported gains and the shareholder's
tax credit.                                                                     

Distributions  of investment  company taxable income are taxable to shareholders
as ordinary income.                                                             

Dividends from domestic  corporations are not expected to comprise a substantial
part of the Fund's gross income.  If any such dividends  constitute a portion of
the Fund's gross income,  a portion of the income  distributions of the Fund may
be eligible  for the 70%  deduction  for  dividends  received  by  corporations.
Shareholders will be informed of the portion of dividends which so qualify.  The
dividends-received  deduction  is  reduced  to the extent the shares of the Fund
with respect to which the  dividends  are received are treated as  debt-financed
under  federal  income tax law and is  eliminated  if either those shares or the
shares of the Fund are deemed to have been held by the Fund or the shareholders,
as the case may be, for less than 46 days during the 90-day period  beginning 45
days before the shares become ex-dividend.                                      

31

P-->497258th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 258th
Properly  designated  distributions of the excess of net long-term  capital gain
over net  short-term  capital  loss are  taxable to  shareholders  as  long-term
capital gains, regardless of the length of time the shares of the Fund have been
held  by  such  shareholders.  Such  distributions  are  not  eligible  for  the
dividends-received  deduction.  Any loss realized upon the  redemption of shares
held at the time of  redemption  for six  months  or less will be  treated  as a
long-term  capital loss to the extent of any amounts treated as distributions of
long-term capital gain during such six-month period.                            

Distributions  of investment  company  taxable  income and net realized  capital
gains will be taxable as described above, whether received in shares or in cash.
Shareholders  electing to receive distributions in the form of additional Shares
will have a cost basis for federal income tax purposes in each Share so received
equal to the net asset value of a Share on the reinvestment date.               

All distributions of investment  company taxable income and net realized capital
gain,  whether  received  in  shares  or in  cash,  must  be  reported  by  each
shareholder  on his or her  federal  income tax  return.  Dividends  declared in
October,  November or December with a record date in such a month will be deemed
to have been received by  shareholders on December 31, if paid during January of
the following  year.  Redemptions of shares,  including  exchanges for shares of
another  Scudder  Fund,  may  result in tax  consequences  (gain or loss) to the
shareholder and are also subject to these reporting requirements.               

A qualifying  individual may make a deductible IRS  contribution for any taxable
year only if (i) neither the  individual  nor his or her spouse  (unless  filing
separate returns) is an active participant in an employer's  retirement plan, or
(ii) the individual (and his or her spouse, if applicable) has an adjusted gross
income below a certain level in 2001 ($53,000 for married  individuals  filing a
joint  return,  with a phase-out  of the  deduction  for  adjusted  gross income
between $53,000 and $63,000; $33,000 for single individual, with a phase-out for
adjusted gross income between $33,000 and $43,000).  However,  an individual not
permitted to make a deductible  contribution to an IRA for any such taxable year
may nonetheless make  nondeductible  contributions up to $2,000 to an IRA (up to
$2,000 per individual for married  couples if only one spouse has earned income)
for  that  year.  The  $2,000  limit on  contributions  (whether  deductible  or
nondeductible)  is increased to $3,000 for 2002 through 2004.  In addition,  for
2002 through 2005,  individual who are age 50 or older will be permitted to make
additional "catch-on" contributions of $500 in each of those years. In addition,
a temporary nonrefundable income tax credit of up to $1,000 may be available for
certain individuals with low and middle incomes for 2002 through 2006. There are
special rules for determining how withdrawals are to be taxed if an IRA contains
both deductible and nondeductible amounts. In general, a proportionate amount of
each  withdrawal  will be deemed to be made  from  nondeductible  contributions;
amounts treated as a return of nondeductible  contributions will not be taxable.
Also,  annual  contributions may be made to a spousal IRA even if the spouse has
earnings  in a given  year if the  spouse  elects  to be  treated  as  having no
earnings (for IRA contributions purposes) for the year.                         

Distributions  by the Fund result in a  reduction  in the net asset value of the
Fund's  shares.  Should  a  distribution  reduce  the net  asset  value  below a
shareholder's cost basis, such distribution would nevertheless be taxable to the
shareholder as ordinary income or capital gain as described above,  even though,
from an investment standpoint, it may constitute a partial return of capital. In
particular, investors should consider the tax implications of buying shares just
prior to a distribution. The price of shares purchased at that time includes the
amount  of the  forthcoming  distribution.  Those  purchasing  just  prior  to a
distribution   will  then   receive  a  partial   return  of  capital  upon  the
distribution, which will nevertheless be taxable to them.                       

Dividend and interest  income received by the Fund from sources outside the U.S.
may  be  subject  to  withholding  and  other  taxes  imposed  by  such  foreign
jurisdictions. Tax conventions between certain countries and the U.S. may reduce
or eliminate these foreign taxes,  however,  and foreign countries  generally do
not impose taxes on capital gains respecting  investments by foreign  investors.
The Fund  intends  to  qualify  for and may make the  election  permitted  under
Section 853 of the Internal  Revenue Code (the "Code") so that  shareholders may
(subject to limitations) be able to claim a credit or deduction on their federal
income tax  returns  for,  and will be  required to treat as part of the amounts
distributed to them,  their pro rata portion of qualified taxes paid by the Fund
to foreign  countries (which taxes relate primarily to investment  income).  The
Fund may make an election under Section 853 of the Code, provided that more than
50% of the  value of the total  assets  of the Fund at the close of the  taxable
year  consists of  securities  in foreign  corporations.  The foreign tax credit
available to shareholders is subject to certain limitations imposed by the Code,
except in the case of certain  electing  individual  taxpayers  who have limited
creditable  foreign  taxes and no  foreign  source  income  other  than  passive
investment-type income.  Furthermore,  the foreign tax credit is eliminated with
respect to foreign taxes withheld on dividends if the dividend-paying  shares or
the shares of the Fund are held by the Fund or the shareholder,  as the case may
be, for less than 16 days (46 days in the case of preferred  shares)  during the
30-day period  (90-day period for preferred  shares)  beginning 15 days (45 days
for preferred shares) before the shares become ex-dividend.  In addition, if    

32

P-->497259th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 259th
the Fund fails to satisfy these  holding  period  requirements,  it cannot elect
under  Section  853 to pass  through  to  shareholders  the  ability  to claim a
deduction for the related foreign taxes.                                        

If the Fund does not make the election  permitted  under section 853 any foreign
taxes paid or accrued  will  represent  an expense to the Fund which will reduce
its investment company taxable income.  Absent this election,  shareholders will
not be able to claim  either a credit or a deduction  for their pro rata portion
of such taxes paid by the Fund,  nor will  shareholders  be required to treat as
part of the  amounts  distributed  to them their pro rata  portion of such taxes
paid.                                                                           

Equity options  (including  covered call options written on portfolio stock) and
OTC options on debt securities  written or purchased by the Fund will be subject
to tax under Section 1234 of the Code. In general, no loss will be recognized by
the Fund upon payment of a premium in  connection  with the purchase of a put or
call option.  The character of any gain or loss recognized  (i.e.,  long-term or
short-term) will generally depend, in the case of a lapse or sale of the option,
on the Fund's holding period for the option,  and in the case of the exercise of
a put option,  on the Fund's  holding period for the  underlying  property.  The
purchase  of a put option may  constitute  a short sale for  federal  income tax
purposes, causing an adjustment in the holding period of any stock in the Fund's
portfolio  similar to the stocks on which the index is based. If the Fund writes
an option,  no gain is recognized  upon its receipt of a premium.  If the option
lapses or is closed out, any gain or loss is treated as short-term  capital gain
or loss.  If a call  option  is  exercised,  the  character  of the gain or loss
depends on the holding period of the underlying stock.                          

Positions of the Fund which consist of at least one stock and at least one stock
option or other position with respect to a related security which  substantially
diminishes  the Fund's risk of loss with  respect to such stock could be treated
as a "straddle"  which is governed by Section 1092 of the Code, the operation of
which may cause deferral of losses, adjustments in the holding periods of stocks
or securities and conversion of short-term capital losses into long-term capital
losses.  An exception  to these  straddle  rules  exists for certain  "qualified
covered call options" on stock written by the Fund.                             

Many futures and forward contracts entered into by the Fund and listed nonequity
options written or purchased by the Fund (including  options on debt securities,
options on futures  contracts,  options on  securities  indices  and  options on
currencies), will be governed by Section 1256 of the Code. Absent a tax election
to the contrary, gain or loss attributable to the lapse, exercise or closing out
of any  such  position  generally  will  be  treated  as 60%  long-term  and 40%
short-term,  and  on  the  last  trading  day of the  Fund's  fiscal  year,  all
outstanding Section 1256 positions will be marked to market (i.e., treated as if
such  positions  were closed out at their closing  price on such day),  with any
resulting  gain or loss  recognized as 60% long-term and 40%  short-term.  Under
Section 988 of the Code,  discussed  below,  foreign  currency gain or loss from
foreign  currency-related  forward  contracts,  certain  futures and options and
similar  financial  instruments  entered  into or  acquired  by the Fund will be
treated as ordinary income or loss.                                             

Notwithstanding any of the foregoing, the Fund may recognize gain (but not loss)
from a constructive  sale of certain  "appreciated  financial  positions" if the
Fund enters into a short sale,  offsetting notional principal contract,  futures
or forward  contract  transaction  with respect to the  appreciated  position or
substantially  identical  property.  Appreciated  financial positions subject to
this constructive sale treatment are interests  (including options,  futures and
forward  contracts  and short sales) in stock,  partnership  interests,  certain
actively traded trust  instruments and certain debt  instruments.  A transaction
during  the  tax  year  that  would  otherwise  be a  constructive  sale  may be
disregarded  if 1) the  transaction is closed by the 30th day after the close of
the tax year,  and 2) the  taxpayer  holds the  appreciated  financial  position
(without  reduction of risk of loss)  throughout the 60-day period following the
date of closing of the transaction.  Similarly,  if the Fund enters into a short
sale of property that becomes substantially  worthless,  the Fund will recognize
gain at that time as though it had closed the short sale. Future regulations may
apply  similar  treatment to other  transactions  with respect to property  that
becomes substantially worthless.                                                

Under the Code,  gains or losses  attributable to fluctuations in exchange rates
which  occur  between  the time  the Fund  accrues  receivables  or  liabilities
denominated in a foreign  currency and the time the Fund actually  collects such
receivables or pays such liabilities generally are treated as ordinary income or
ordinary loss.  Similarly,  on disposition of debt  securities  denominated in a
foreign  currency and on  disposition  of certain  options,  futures and forward
contracts,  gains or losses attributable to fluctuations in the value of foreign
currency  between the date of  acquisition  of the  security or contract and the
date of  disposition  are also treated as ordinary gain or loss.  These gains or
losses,  referred  to under  the Code as  "Section  988"  gains or  losses,  may
increase or decrease the amount of the Fund's investment  company taxable income
to be distributed to its shareholders as ordinary income.                       

33

P-->497260th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 260th
If the Fund invests in stock of certain foreign investment  companies,  the Fund
may be subject  to U.S.  federal  income  taxation  on a portion of any  "excess
distribution"  with respect to, or gain from the disposition of, such stock. The
tax would be determined by allocating such  distribution or gain ratably to each
day of the Fund's  holding  period for the stock.  The  distribution  or gain so
allocated  to any taxable  year of the Fund,  other than the taxable year of the
excess  distribution or  disposition,  would be taxed to the Fund at the highest
ordinary  income  rate in effect  for such  year,  and the tax would be  further
increased by an interest  charge to reflect the value of the tax deferral deemed
to have resulted from the ownership of the foreign  company's  stock. Any amount
of  distribution  or gain allocated to the taxable year of the  distribution  or
disposition  would be included in the Fund's  investment  company taxable income
and, accordingly,  would not be taxable to the Fund to the extent distributed by
the Fund as a dividend to its shareholders.                                     

The Fund may make an  election  to mark to market  its  shares of these  foreign
investment  companies in lieu of being subject to U.S.  federal income taxation.
At the end of each taxable year to which the  election  applies,  the Fund would
report as  ordinary  income  the  amount by which the fair  market  value of the
foreign  company's stock exceeds the Fund's adjusted basis in these shares;  any
mark-to-market losses and any loss from an actual disposition of shares would be
reported as ordinary loss to the extent of any net mark-to-market gains included
in income in prior years.  The effect of the  election  would be to treat excess
distributions  and gain on  dispositions as ordinary income which is not subject
to  a  fund  level  tax  when   distributed  to   shareholders  as  a  dividend.
Alternatively, the Fund may elect to include as income and gain its share of the
ordinary earnings and net capital gain of certain foreign  investment  companies
in lieu of being taxed in the manner described above.                           

If the Fund holds zero coupon securities or other securities which are issued at
a discount,  a portion of the difference  between the issue price of zero coupon
securities and the face value  ("original  issue  discount")  will be treated as
income  to the Fund each  year,  even  though  the Fund  will not  receive  cash
interest payments from these  securities.  This original issue discount (imputed
income) will comprise a part of the  investment  company  taxable  income of the
Fund  which  must be  distributed  to  shareholders  in  order to  maintain  the
qualification of the Fund as a regulated investment company and to avoid federal
income tax at the Fund level.  In addition,  if the Fund invests in certain high
yield original issue discount  obligations issued by corporations,  a portion of
the original issue  discount  accruing on the obligation may be eligible for the
deduction for dividends  received by corporations.  In such event,  dividends of
investment  company  taxable  income  received  from the  Fund by its  corporate
shareholders,  to the extent  attributable  to such portion of accrued  original
issue  discount,  may be eligible for this  deduction for dividends  received by
corporations if so designated by the Fund in a written notice to shareholders.  

The Fund will be required to report to the IRS all  distributions  of investment
company  taxable  income and capital  gains as well as gross  proceeds  from the
redemption  or exchange  of Fund  shares,  except in the case of certain  exempt
shareholders.  Under the backup  withholding  provisions  of Section 3406 of the
Code,  distributions of investment  company taxable income and capital gains and
proceeds from the redemption or exchange of the shares of a regulated investment
company may be subject to  withholding  of federal income tax at the rate of 30%
in the case of  non-exempt  shareholders  who  fail to  furnish  the  investment
company  with  their   taxpayer   identification   numbers  and  with   required
certifications  regarding  their  status  under  the  federal  income  tax  law.
Withholding  may also be required if the Fund is notified by the IRS or a broker
that  the  taxpayer  identification  number  furnished  by  the  shareholder  is
incorrect or that the  shareholder  has previously  failed to report interest or
dividend  income.  If  the  withholding  provisions  are  applicable,  any  such
distributions  and  proceeds,  whether taken in cash or reinvested in additional
shares, will be reduced by the amounts required to be withheld.                 

Shareholders   of  the  Fund  may  be  subject  to  state  and  local  taxes  on
distributions received from the Fund and on redemptions of the Fund's shares.   

The foregoing  discussion of U.S.  federal  income tax law relates solely to the
application of that law to U.S.  persons,  i.e., U.S. citizens and residents and
U.S. corporations, partnerships, trusts and estates. Each shareholder who is not
a U.S. person should consider the U.S. and foreign tax consequences of ownership
of shares of the Fund,  including the possibility that such a shareholder may be
subject to a U.S.  withholding tax at a rate of 30% (or at a lower rate under an
applicable income tax treaty) on amounts  constituting  ordinary income received
by him or her, where such amounts are treated as income from U.S.  sources under
the Code.                                                                       

Shareholders  should  consult their tax advisors  about the  application  of the
provisions of tax law described in this  statement of additional  information in
light of their particular tax situations.                                       

34

P-->497261st Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 261st
 NET ASSET VALUE

The net asset value of shares of the Fund is computed as of the close of regular
trading on the New York Stock Exchange (the "Exchange") on each day the Exchange
is open for trading (the "Value  Time").  The Exchange is scheduled to be closed
on the following  holidays:  New Year's Day, Dr.  Martin  Luther King,  Jr. Day,
Presidents'  Day,  Good  Friday,  Memorial  Day,  Independence  Day,  Labor Day,
Thanksgiving  and Christmas,  and on the preceding  Friday or subsequent  Monday
when one of these  holidays  falls on a Saturday  or Sunday,  respectively.  Net
asset  value  per share is  determined  separately  for each  class of shares by
dividing the value of the total assets of the Fund attributable to the shares of
that class, less all liabilities attributable to that class, by the total number
of shares of that class outstanding.  The per share net asset value may be lower
for  certain  classes  of the Fund  because  of higher  expenses  borne by these
classes.                                                                        

An  exchange-traded  equity  security is valued at its most recent sale price on
the relevant  exchange as of the Value Time.  Lacking any sales, the security is
valued at the calculated mean between the most recent bid quotation and the most
recent asked quotation (the "Calculated  Mean") on such exchange as of the Value
Time. If it is not possible to determine the  Calculated  Mean,  the security is
valued at the most recent bid  quotation on such  exchange as of the Value Time.
An equity security which is traded on the Nasdaq Stock Market,  Inc.  ("Nasdaq")
system or another  over-the-counter  ("OTC") market is valued at its most recent
sale price on Nasdaq or such other OTC market as of the Value Time.  Lacking any
sales, the security is valued at the Calculated Mean on Nasdaq or such other OTC
market as of the Value Time. If it is not possible to determine  the  Calculated
Mean,  the security is valued at the most recent bid quotation on Nasdaq or such
other OTC market as of the Value Time. In the case of certain foreign exchanges,
the closing price  reported by the exchange  (which may sometimes be referred to
by the exchange or one or more  pricing  agents as the  "official  close" or the
"official  closing  price" or other similar  term) will be  considered  the most
recent sale price.  If a security is traded on more than one  exchange,  or upon
one or more  exchanges  and in the OTC  market,  quotations  are taken  from the
market in which the security is traded most extensively.                        

Debt securities are valued as follows.  Money market instruments  purchased with
an  original or  remaining  maturity  of 60 days or less,  maturing at par,  are
valued at amortized  cost.  Other money market  instruments  are valued based on
information  obtained from an approved  pricing agent or, if such information is
not readily  available,  by using  matrix  pricing  techniques  (formula  driven
calculations based primarily on current market yields). Bank loans are valued at
prices supplied by an approved  pricing agent (which are intended to reflect the
mean between the bid and asked prices), if available,  and otherwise at the mean
of the most recent bid and asked quotations or evaluated  prices, as applicable,
based  on   quotations   or  evaluated   prices   obtained   from  one  or  more
broker-dealers.  Privately  placed  debt  securities,  other than Rule 144A debt
securities,  initially are valued at cost and  thereafter  based on all relevant
factors  including  type  of  security,  size of  holding  and  restrictions  on
disposition.  Municipal  debt  securities  are valued at prices  supplied  by an
approved  pricing  agent (which are intended to reflect the mean between the bid
and asked prices), if available, and otherwise at the average of the means based
on the most recent bid and asked  quotations or evaluated  prices  obtained from
two  broker-dealers.  Other debt  securities are valued at prices supplied by an
approved  pricing  agent,  if  available,  and  otherwise at the most recent bid
quotation  or  evaluated  price,  as  applicable,  obtained  from  one  or  more
broker/dealers.  If it is not  possible  to  value a  particular  debt  security
pursuant to the above  methods,  the  security is valued on the basis of factors
including  (but not limited to)  maturity,  coupon,  creditworthiness,  currency
denomination,  and the  movement of the market in which the security is normally
traded.                                                                         

An exchange-traded option contract on securities, currencies and other financial
instruments  is valued at its most recent sale price on such  exchange.  Lacking
any sales,  the option  contract is valued at the Calculated  Mean. If it is not
possible to determine the Calculated  Mean, the option contract is valued at the
most recent bid quotation in the case of a purchased option contract or the most
recent asked quotation in the case of a written option contract, in each case as
of the Value  Time.  An option  contract  on  securities,  currencies  and other
financial instruments traded in the OTC market with less than 180 days remaining
until expiration is valued at the evaluated price provided by the  broker-dealer
with which it was traded. An option contract on securities, currencies and other
financial  instruments  traded in the OTC market with 180 days or more remaining
until  expiration is valued at the average of the evaluated  prices  provided by
two  broker-dealers.  Futures  contracts (and options thereon) are valued at the
most  recent  settlement  price as of the Value Time on such  exchange.  Foreign
currency forward contracts are valued at the value of the underlying currency at
the prevailing  currency  exchange rate, which shall be determined not more than
one hour  before the Value  Time  based on  information  obtained  from  sources
determined by the Advisor to be appropriate.                                    

Following the valuations of securities or other portfolio assets in terms of the
currency in which the market quotation used is expressed ("Local Currency"), the
value of these  portfolio  assets  in terms of U.S.  dollars  is  calculated  by
converting  the Local  Currency  into U.S.  dollars at the  prevailing  currency
exchange rate on the valuation date.                                            

35

P-->497262nd Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 262nd
If market  quotations  for a portfolio  asset are not readily  available  or the
value of a portfolio  asset as  determined  in  accordance  with Board  approved
procedures does not represent the fair market value of the portfolio  asset, the
value of the portfolio  asset is taken to be an amount which,  in the opinion of
the  Fund's  Pricing  Committee  (or,  in  some  cases,  the  Board's  Valuation
Committee),  represents fair market value. The value of other portfolio holdings
owned by the Fund is determined in a manner which is intended to fairly  reflect
the fair market  value of the asset on the  valuation  date,  based on valuation
procedures  adopted by the Fund's  Board and  overseen  primarily  by the Fund's
Pricing Committee.                                                              

DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS

The officers and directors,  their ages,  their principal  occupations and their
affiliations,  if any, with the Advisor, and Scudder Investor Services, Inc. are
as follows:                                                                     

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

                                                                                             Position with      
                                                                                             Underwriter,       
                                                                                             Scudder Investor   
Name, Age, and Address        Position with Fund     Principal Occupation**                  Services, Inc.     
----------------------        ------------------     ----------------------                  --------------     

                                                                                                                
Henry P. Becton, Jr. (58)     Director               President, WGBH Educational Foundation  --                 
WGBH                                                                                                            
125 Western Avenue                                                                                              
Allston, MA 02134                                                                                               

Linda C. Coughlin (50)+*      Chairperson, Director  Managing Director of Zurich Scudder     Vice Chairman and  
                              and President          Investments, Inc.                       Director           

Dawn-Marie Driscoll (55)      Director               Executive Fellow, Center for Business   --                 
4909 SW 9th Place                                    Ethics, Bentley College; President,                        
Cape Coral, FL 33914                                Driscoll Associates (consulting firm)                      

Edgar R. Fiedler (72)         Director               Senior Fellow and Economic              --                 
50023 Brogden                                        Counsellor, The Conference Board,                          
Chapel Hill, NC                                      Inc. (not-for-profit business                              
                                                     research organization)                                     

Keith R. Fox (47)             Director               General Partner, The Exeter Group of    --                 
10 East 53rd Street                                  Funds                                                      
New York, NY 10022                                                                                             

Jean Gleason Stromberg (58)   Director               Consultant; Director, Financial         --                 
3816 Military Road, NW                               Institutions Issues, U.S. General                          
Washington, D.C.                                     Accounting Office (1996-1997);                             
                                                     Partner, Fulbright & Jaworski law                          
                                                     firm (1978-1996)                                           

Jean C. Tempel (58)           Director               Managing Director, First Light          --                 
One Boston Place                                     Capital, LLC (venture capital firm)                        
23rd Floor                                                                                                      
Boston, MA 02108                                                                                                

Steven Zaleznick (47)*        Director               President and CEO, AARP Services, Inc.  --                 
601 E Street, N.W.                                                                                              
Washington, DC 20049                                                                                            

Thomas V. Bruns (44)##        Vice President         Managing Director of Zurich Scudder     --                 
                                                     Investments, Inc.                                          

                                  36                                                                            

P-->497263rd Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 263rd
                                                                                             Position with      
                                                                                             Underwriter,       
                                                                                             Scudder Investor   
Name, Age, and Address        Position with Fund     Principal Occupation**                  Services, Inc.     
----------------------        ------------------     ----------------------                  --------------     

William F. Glavin, Jr. (43)+  Vice President         Managing Director of Zurich Scudder     --                 
                                                     Investments, Inc.                                          

John R. Hebble (43)+          Treasurer              Senior Vice President of Zurich         Assistant Treasurer
                                                     Scudder Investments, Inc.                                  

James E. Masur (41)+          Vice President         Managing Director of Zurich Scudder     --                 
                                                     Investments, Inc.                                          

Kathryn L. Quirk (49)#        Vice President and     Managing Director of Zurich Scudder     --                 
                              Assistant Secretary    Investments, Inc.                                          

Howard Schneider (44)+        Vice President         Managing Director of Zurich Scudder     --                 
                                                     Investments, Inc.                                          

Brenda Lyons (38)+            Assistant Treasurer    Senior Vice President of Zurich         --                 
                                                     Scudder Investments, Inc.                                  

Thomas Lally (34)+            Assistant Treasurer    Senior Vice President of Zurich                            
                                                     Scudder Investments, Inc.                                  

Caroline Pearson (39)+        Assistant Secretary    Managing Director of Zurich Scudder     Assistant Clerk    
                                                     Investments, Inc.; Associate, Dechert                      
                                                     Price & Rhoads (law firm) 1989 - 1997                      

John Millette (39)+           Vice President and     Vice President of Zurich Scudder        --                 
                              Secretary              Investments, Inc.                                          

Irene T. Cheng (47) #         Vice President         Managing Director of Zurich Scudder     --                 
                                                     Investments, Inc.                                          

Joyce E. Cornell (57) #       Vice President         Managing Director of Zurich Scudder     --                 
                                                     Investments, Inc.                                          

Carol L. Franklin (49) #      Vice President         Managing Director of Zurich Scudder     --                 
                                                     Investments, Inc.                                          

Joan R. Gregory (56) #        Vice President         Senior Vice President of Zurich         --                 
                                                     Scudder Investments, Inc.                                  

Paul Rogers (45)+             Vice President         Senior Vice President of Zurich         --                 
                                                     Scudder Investments, Inc.                                  

*        Ms.  Coughlin  and Mr.  Zaleznick  are  considered  by the Fund and its
         counsel to be "interested persons" of the Advisor or of the Corporation
as defined in the 1940 Act.                                   

**       Unless  otherwise   stated,   all  officers  and  directors  have  been
         associated  with their  respective  companies for more than five years,
but not necessarily in the same capacity.                     

37

P-->497264th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 264th
+        Address:  Two International Place, Boston, Massachusetts 02110         

#        Address:  345 Park Avenue, New York, New York 10154                    

##       Address:  222 South Riverside Plaza, Chicago, Illinois 60606           

The Directors and officers of the Corporation  also serve in similar  capacities
with respect to other Scudder Funds. The  newly-constituted  Board may determine
to change its compensation structure.                                           

As of November 30, 2001,  11,202,365  shares in the aggregate,  or 14.80% of the
outstanding shares of Scudder  International Fund, Class S were held in the name
of Charles Schwab,  101 Montgomery  Street,  San Francisco,  CA 94101 who may be
deemed to be the beneficial owner of certain of these shares.                   

As of November  30,  2001,  875,333  shares in the  aggregate,  or 10.73% of the
outstanding shares of Scudder  International Fund, Class A were held in the name
of Bear Stearns & Company, 245 Park Avenue, New York, NY 10167 who may be deemed
to be the beneficial owner of certain of these shares.                          

As of November  30,  2001,  120,019  shares in the  aggregate,  or 22.62% of the
outstanding shares of Scudder  International Fund, Class I were held in the name
of Scudder Trust Company,  for the benefit of Zurich Scudder  Investments,  Inc.
Supplemental  Profit  Sharing  Plan,  P.O. Box 957,  Salem,  NH 03079 who may be
deemed to be the beneficial owner of certain of these shares.                   

As of November  30,  2001,  398,028  shares in the  aggregate,  or 75.04% of the
outstanding shares of Scudder  International Fund, Class I were held in the name
of Zurich Scudder  Investments,  Inc. Profit Sharing Plan, 345 Park Avenue,  New
York, NY 10154 who may be deemed to be the beneficial  owner of certain of these
shares.                                                                         

As of  November  30,  2001,  41,111  shares  in the  aggregate,  or 5.31% of the
outstanding shares of Scudder  International Fund, Class C were held in the name
of National  Financial  Services Corp.,  for the benefit of George Thomas Wiley,
200 Liberty  Street,  New York, NY 10281 who may be deemed to be the  beneficial
owner of certain of these shares.                                               

As of  November  30,  2001,  56,157  shares  in the  aggregate,  or 7.26% of the
outstanding shares of Scudder  International Fund, Class C were held in the name
of Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette Securities, P.O. Box 2052, Jersey City, NJ 07303
who may be deemed to be the beneficial owner of certain of these shares.        

As of  November  30,  2001,  64,212  shares  in the  aggregate,  or 8.30% of the
outstanding shares of Scudder  International Fund, Class C were held in the name
of Merrill, Lynch, Pierce, Fenner and Smith, for the benefit of customers,  4800
Deer Lake Drive,  Jacksonville,  FL 32246 who may be deemed to be the beneficial
owner of certain of these shares.                                               

As of  November  30,  2001,  55,925  shares  in the  aggregate,  or 7.23% of the
outstanding shares of Scudder  International Fund, Class C were held in the name
of Banc One Securities Corp., for the benefit of The One Select Portfolio,  1111
Polaris Parkway, Columbus, OH 43240 who may be deemed to be the beneficial owner
of certain of these shares.                                                     

To the best of the Fund's knowledge, as of November 30, 2001, no person owned of
record  5%  or  more  of  the  outstanding   shares  of  any  class  of  Scudder
International  Fund,  except  as  stated  above.  They may be  deemed  to be the
beneficial owner of certain of these shares.                                    

Responsibilities of the Board -- Board and Committee Meetings                   

The Board is responsible  for the general  oversight of the Fund's  business.  A
majority  of the Board's  members are not  affiliated  with the  Advisor.  These
"Independent  Directors" have primary  responsibility for assuring that the Fund
is managed in the best interests of its shareholders.                           

The Board meets at least  quarterly to review the investment  performance of the
Fund and other operational  matters,  including policies and procedures designed
to ensure compliance with various  regulatory  requirements.  At least annually,
the Independent Directors review the fees paid to the Advisor and its           

38

P-->497265th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 265th
affiliates  for  investment  advisory  services  and  other  administrative  and
shareholder  services.  In this regard,  they evaluate,  among other things, the
Fund's investment  performance,  the quality and efficiency of the various other
services  provided,  costs  incurred  by the  Advisor  and its  affiliates,  and
comparative  information  regarding fees and expenses of competitive funds. They
are assisted in this process by the Fund's independent public accountants and by
independent legal counsel selected by the Independent Directors.                

All  of  the  Independent  Directors  serve  on  the  Committee  on  Independent
Directors,  which  nominates  Independent  Directors and considers other related
matters,  and the Audit Committee,  which selects the Fund's  independent public
accountants  and  reviews  accounting   policies  and  controls.   In  addition,
Independent  Directors  from time to time have  established  and  served on task
forces and  subcommittees  focusing on  particular  matters such as  investment,
accounting and shareholder service issues.                                      

Compensation of Officers and Directors                                          

Each Independent Director receives  compensation for his or her services,  which
include an annual retainer and an attendance fee for each meeting attended.  The
Independent   Director  who  serves  as  Lead   Director   receives   additional
compensation for his or her services. No additional  compensation is paid to any
Independent  Director  for travel time to  meetings,  attendance  at  directors'
educational  seminars  or  conferences,   service  on  industry  or  association
committees,  participation  as speakers at directors'  conferences or service on
special  director  task forces or  subcommittees.  Independent  Directors do not
receive any employee  benefits such as pension or retirement  benefits or health
insurance.  Notwithstanding the schedule of fees, the Independent Directors have
in the past and may in the future waive a portion of their compensation.        

The  Independent  Directors  also  serve in the same  capacity  for other  funds
managed by the Advisor. These funds differ broadly in type and complexity and in
some cases have substantially  different  Director fee schedules.  The following
table shows the aggregate  compensation  received by each  Independent  Director
during 2000 from the Corporation and from all of the Scudder funds as a group.  

                                                                [Download Table]

             Name         Scudder International Fund, Inc.*  All Scudder Funds***
             ----         ---------------------------------  --------------------

                                                                                 
Henry P. Becton, Jr.**                 $9,697                 $159,094 (73 funds)

Dawn-Marie Driscoll**                  $10,815                $157,162 (73 funds)

Edgar R. Fiedler**                     $10,561               $303,975+ (74 funds)

Keith R. Fox                           $33,167                $181,914 (72 funds)

Jean Gleason Stromberg**               $9,697                 $100,372 (70 funds)

Jean C. Tempel**                       $9,697                 $152,488 (74 funds)


*        Scudder  International  Fund,  Inc.  consists  of five  funds:  Scudder
         International   Fund,  Scudder  Latin  America  Fund,  Scudder  Pacific
         Opportunities  Fund,  Scudder  Greater  Europe  Growth Fund and Scudder
Emerging Markets Growth Fund.                                 

**       Newly  elected  Director.  On July 13, 2000,  shareholders  of the Fund
         elected a new Board of  Directors.  See the  "Directors  and  Officers"
section for the newly constituted Board.                      

***      Total  compensation  includes  certain  payments made by the Advisor as
         compensation  for meetings  held to discuss the  reorganization  of the
Scudder and Kemper Funds.                                     

+        Mr. Fiedler's total compensation  includes $174,060.91 received through
         the deferred  compensation  program,  $2,003 accrued, but not received,
         and  certain  payments  made by the  Advisor  as  compensation  for the
         retainer fee for Farmers  Investment Trust and meetings held to discuss
the reorganization of the Scudder and Kemper Funds.           

Members of the Board who are employees of the Advisor or its affiliates  receive
no direct  compensation  from the Corporation,  although they are compensated as
employees of the Advisor,  or its  affiliates,  as a result of which they may be
deemed to participate in fees paid by each Fund.                                

39

P-->497266th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 266th
FUND ORGANIZATION AND SHAREHOLDER RIGHTS

The  Corporation  was organized as Scudder Fund of Canada Ltd. in Canada in 1953
by the investment management firm of Scudder, Stevens & Clark, Inc. On March 16,
1964,  the  name  of  the  Corporation  was  changed  to  Scudder  International
Investments Ltd. On July 31, 1975, the corporate domicile of the Corporation was
changed to the U.S.  through the  transfer  of its net assets to a newly  formed
Maryland  corporation,  Scudder International Fund, Inc., in exchange for shares
of the  Corporation  which  then were  distributed  to the  shareholders  of the
Corporation.                                                                    

The authorized  capital stock of Scudder  International  Fund, Inc.  consists of
2,247,923,888  shares of a par value of $.01 each,  which capital stock has been
divided into five  series:  Scudder  International  Fund,  the original  series;
Scudder  Latin  America  Fund  and  Scudder  Pacific  Opportunities  Fund,  both
organized in December 1992,  Scudder  Greater  Europe Growth Fund,  organized in
October 1994, and Scudder Emerging  Markets Growth Fund,  organized in May 1996.
Each series consists of 320 million shares except for  International  Fund which
consists of 620,595,597  shares and Scudder Latin America Fund which consists of
340 million  shares.  Scudder  International  Fund is further divided into seven
classes of shares,  Class AARP, Class S, Barrett  International  Shares, Class A
(formerly  known  as Class R  shares),  Class B,  Class C, and  Class I  shares.
Scudder  Pacific  Opportunities  Fund,  Scudder  Greater  Europe Growth Fund and
Scudder  Emerging Markets Growth Fund are each further divided into five classes
of shares,  Class  AARP,  Class S, Class A, Class B and Class C.  Scudder  Latin
America is further  divided  into six  classes of shares,  Class S, Class  AARP,
Class A, Class B, Class C and Class M. The Directors have the authority to issue
additional series of shares and to designate the relative rights and preferences
as between the different  series.  All shares issued and  outstanding  are fully
paid and  non-assessable,  transferable,  and  redeemable  at net  asset  value,
subject to such charges as may be applicable,  at the option of the shareholder.
Shares have no  pre-emptive or conversion  rights.  To the extent that the Funds
offer  additional  share  classes,  these  classes will be offered in a separate
prospectus and have different fees, requirements and services.                  

The Directors,  in their  discretion,  may authorize the additional  division of
shares of a series into different classes permitting shares of different classes
to be  distributed  by different  methods.  Although  shareholders  of different
classes of a series  would have an  interest  in the same  portfolio  of assets,
shareholders of different classes may bear different expenses in connection with
different methods of distribution.                                              

The assets of the  Corporation  received  for the issue or sale of the shares of
each series and all income, earnings, profits and proceeds thereof, subject only
to the  rights of  creditors,  are  specifically  allocated  to such  series and
constitute the underlying  assets of such series.  The underlying assets of each
series are  segregated  on the books of account,  and are to be charged with the
liabilities  in  respect  to such  series  and with such a share of the  general
liabilities of the Corporation. If a series were unable to meet its obligations,
the  assets  of all other  series  may in some  circumstances  be  available  to
creditors for that purpose,  in which case the assets of such other series could
be used to meet liabilities which are not otherwise properly chargeable to them.
Expenses  with  respect  to any  two or  more  series  are  to be  allocated  in
proportion to the asset value of the respective  series except where allocations
of  direct   expenses  can  otherwise  be  fairly  made.  The  officers  of  the
Corporation, subject to the general supervision of the Directors, have the power
to determine  which  liabilities  are allocable to a given series,  or which are
general or allocable to two or more series.  In the event of the  dissolution or
liquidation of the  Corporation or any series,  the holders of the shares of any
series are entitled to receive as a class the  underlying  assets of such shares
available for distribution to shareholders.                                     

Shares of the Corporation entitle their holders to one vote per share;  however,
separate  votes are taken by each  series on  matters  affecting  an  individual
series and by class on matters  affecting an individual  class.  For example,  a
change  in  investment  policy  for  a  series  would  be  voted  upon  only  by
shareholders of the series  involved.  Additionally,  approval of the investment
advisory  agreement  is a matter to be  determined  separately  by each  series.
Approval  by the  shareholders  of one  series is  effective  as to that  series
whether or not enough  votes are  received  from the  shareholders  of the other
series to approve such agreement as to the other series.                        

Pursuant  to the  approval  of a majority  of  stockholders,  the  Corporation's
Directors  have the  discretion to retain the current  distribution  arrangement
while investing in a master fund in a master/feeder  fund structure if the Board
determines  that the  objectives of the Fund would be achieved more  efficiently
thereby.                                                                        

The  Corporation's  Board of Directors  supervises  the Fund's  activities.  The
Corporation  adopted  a plan  pursuant  to Rule  18f-3  under  the 1940 Act (the
"Plan") to permit the  Corporation  to establish a multiple  class  distribution
system for the Fund.                                                            

40

P-->497267th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 267th
Under the  Plan,  each  class of shares  will  represent  interests  in the same
portfolio of investments of the Series, and be identical in all respects to each
other class,  except as set forth below. The only differences  among the various
classes  of  shares  of  the  Series  will  relate   solely  to:  (a)  different
distribution fee payments or service fee payments associated with any Rule 12b-1
Plan  for a  particular  class  of  shares  and  any  other  costs  relating  to
implementing or amending such Rule 12b-1 Plan (including  obtaining  shareholder
approval of such Rule 12b-1 Plan or any amendment  thereto)  which will be borne
solely by shareholders of such class; (b) different  service fees; (c) different
account  minimums;  (d) the  bearing  by each  class of its Class  Expenses,  as
defined in Section 2(b) below;  (e) the voting rights  related to any Rule 12b-1
Plan affecting a specific class of shares; (f) separate exchange privileges; (g)
different  conversion  features and (h) different class names and  designations.
Expenses currently  designated as "Class Expenses" by the Corporation's Board of
Directors under the Plan include, for example, transfer agency fees attributable
to a specific class, and certain securities registration fees.                  

Shares of the Corporation have  non-cumulative  voting rights,  which means that
the holders of more than 50% of the shares  voting for the election of Directors
can elect 100% of the Directors if they choose to do so, and, in such event, the
holders of the remaining  less than 50% of the shares voting for the election of
Directors will not be able to elect any person or persons to the Board.         

The  Corporation's   Amended  and  Restated   Articles  of  Incorporation   (the
"Articles") provide that the Directors of the Corporation, to the fullest extent
permitted  by  Maryland  General  Corporation  Law and the 1940 Act shall not be
liable  to the  Corporation  or  its  shareholders  for  damages.  Maryland  law
currently  provides that Directors shall not be liable for actions taken by them
in good faith,  in a manner  reasonably  believed to be in the best interests of
the  Corporation  and with the care that an ordinarily  prudent person in a like
position would use under similar  circumstances.  In so acting, a Director shall
be fully  protected in relying in good faith upon the records of the Corporation
and upon reports made to the  Corporation  by persons  selected in good faith by
the  Directors as qualified to make such  reports.  The Articles and the By-Laws
provide that the Corporation will indemnify its Directors,  officers,  employees
or  agents  against   liabilities  and  expenses  incurred  in  connection  with
litigation  in which  they may be  involved  because of their  offices  with the
Corporation consistent with applicable law.                                     

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Other Information                                                               

Many of the investment changes in the Fund will be made at prices different from
those  prevailing  at the time  they may be  reflected  in a  regular  report to
shareholders of the Fund. These transactions will reflect  investment  decisions
made by the  Advisor  in the  light  of its  other  portfolio  holdings  and tax
considerations and should not be construed as recommendations for similar action
by other investors.                                                             

The CUSIP number of the Shares is 811165703.                                    

The Fund has a fiscal year end of August 31. On June 7, 1999,  the  Directors of
the Fund changed the fiscal year end of the Fund from March 31 to August 31.    

The Shares' prospectus and this Statement of Additional Information omit certain
information  contained in the  Registration  Statement  which the Fund has filed
with the SEC under the  Securities  Act of 1933 and  reference is hereby made to
the Registration  Statement for further information with respect to the Fund and
the securities  offered hereby.  This Registration  Statement and its amendments
are available for inspection by the public at the SEC in Washington, D.C.       

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The  financial  statements,  including  the  investment  portfolio  of the Fund,
together with the Report of Independent  Accountants,  Financial  Highlights and
notes to financial  statements in the Annual Report to the  Shareholders  of the
Fund dated August 31, 2001 are  incorporated  herein by reference and are hereby
deemed to be a part of this Statement of Additional  Information by reference in
its entirety.                                                                   

41

P-->497268th Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 268th
APPENDIX

The  following  is a  description  of the  ratings  given by Moody's  and S&P to
corporate bonds.                                                                

Ratings of Corporate Bonds                                                      

S&P:  Debt rated AAA has the highest  rating  assigned  by S&P.  Capacity to pay
interest  and repay  principal  is  extremely  strong.  Debt rated AA has a very
strong capacity to pay interest and repay principal and differs from the highest
rated  issues only in small  degree.  Debt rated A has a strong  capacity to pay
interest and repay  principal  although it is somewhat more  susceptible  to the
adverse effects of changes in circumstances and economic conditions than debt in
higher  rated  categories.  Debt  rated BBB is  regarded  as having an  adequate
capacity to pay  interest  and repay  principal.  Whereas it  normally  exhibits
adequate  protection   parameters,   adverse  economic  conditions  or  changing
circumstances are more likely to lead to a weakened capacity to pay interest and
repay principal for debt in this category than in higher rated categories.      

Debt rated BB, B, CCC, CC and C is regarded as having predominantly  speculative
characteristics with respect to capacity to pay interest and repay principal. BB
indicates  the least degree of  speculation  and C the highest.  While such debt
will  likely  have  some  quality  and  protective  characteristics,  these  are
outweighed by large uncertainties or major exposures to adverse conditions.     

Debt rated BB has less near-term vulnerability to default than other speculative
issues.  However,  it faces major ongoing  uncertainties  or exposure to adverse
business,  financial,  or economic  conditions  which  could lead to  inadequate
capacity to meet timely interest and principal payments.  The BB rating category
is also used for debt  subordinated to senior debt that is assigned an actual or
implied BBB-  rating.  Debt rated B has a greater  vulnerability  to default but
currently has the capacity to meet interest  payments and principal  repayments.
Adverse business,  financial, or economic conditions will likely impair capacity
or willingness  to pay interest and repay  principal.  The B rating  category is
also used for debt  subordinated  to senior  debt that is  assigned an actual or
implied BB or BB- rating.                                                       

Debt rated CCC has a currently  identifiable  vulnerability  to default,  and is
dependent upon favorable  business,  financial,  and economic conditions to meet
timely  payment of interest and repayment of principal.  In the event of adverse
business,  financial,  or  economic  conditions,  it is not  likely  to have the
capacity to pay interest and repay  principal.  The CCC rating  category is also
used for debt  subordinated to senior debt that is assigned an actual or implied
B or B- rating.  The rating CC  typically  is  applied to debt  subordinated  to
senior  debt that is  assigned  an actual or implied  CCC  rating.  The rating C
typically  is applied to debt  subordinated  to senior debt which is assigned an
actual  or  implied  CCC-  debt  rating.  The C  rating  may be used to  cover a
situation where a bankruptcy  petition has been filed, but debt service payments
are  continued.  The rating C1 is reserved for income bonds on which no interest
is being paid. Debt rated D is in payment default. The D rating category is used
when interest  payments or principal  payments are not made on the date due even
if the  applicable  grace period had not expired,  unless S&P believes that such
payments will be made during such grace  period.  The D rating also will be used
upon  the  filing  of  a  bankruptcy  petition  if  debt  service  payments  are
jeopardized.                                                                    

Moody's:  Bonds which are rated Aaa are judged to be of the best  quality.  They
carry the smallest  degree of investment  risk and are generally  referred to as
"gilt edge." Interest  payments are protected by a large or by an  exceptionally
stable margin and principal is secure. While the various protective elements are
likely to change,  such changes as can be visualized are most unlikely to impair
the fundamentally  strong position of such issues.  Bonds which are rated Aa are
judged to be of high quality by all standards.  Together with the Aaa group they
comprise what are generally known as high grade bonds. They are rated lower than
the best  bonds  because  margins  of  protection  may not be as large as in Aaa
securities or fluctuation of protective  elements may be of greater amplitude or
there  may be other  elements  present  which  make the long term  risks  appear
somewhat  larger than in Aaa  securities.  Bonds which are rated A possess  many
favorable  investment  attributes and are to be considered as upper medium grade
obligations.  Factors  giving  security to principal and interest are considered
adequate  but  elements  may  be  present  which  suggest  a  susceptibility  to
impairment sometime in the future.                                              

Bonds which are rated Baa are considered as medium grade obligations, i.e., they
are neither highly protected nor poorly secured. Interest payments and principal
security appear adequate for the present but certain protective  elements may be
lacking or may be  characteristically  unreliable over any great length of time.
Such  bonds  lack  outstanding  investment  characteristics  and  in  fact  have
speculative characteristics as well. Bonds which are rated Ba are judged to have
speculative elements;  their future cannot be considered as well assured.  Often
the  protection  of interest and  principal                                     

42

P-->497Last Page of 269TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 269th
payments may be very moderate and thereby not well safeguarded  during both good
and bad times over the future.  Uncertainty of position  characterizes  bonds in
this  class.  Bonds  which are rated B  generally  lack  characteristics  of the
desirable  investment.  Assurance  of  interest  and  principal  payments  or of
maintenance  of other terms of the contract  over any long period of time may be
small.                                                                          

Bonds which are rated Caa are of poor standing. Such issues may be in default or
there may be present  elements of danger with  respect to principal or interest.
Bonds which are rated Ca represent  obligations  which are speculative in a high
degree.  Such  issues are often in default  or have other  marked  shortcomings.
Bonds which are rated C are the lowest  rated class of bonds and issues so rated
can be regarded as having  extremely  poor  prospects of ever attaining any real
investment standing.                                                            

43
R-->Dates Referenced Herein   and   Documents Incorporated by Reference
Referenced-On PageThis ‘497’ Filing    Date First  Last      Other Filings9/30/021252518/31/0214625724F-2NT,  N-30D,  NSAR-B,  NT-NSAR5/1/02200Filed on:1/4/021/1/022225485BPOS12/11/019849712/4/0119811/30/011532648/31/01426724F-2NT,  485APOS,  485BPOS,  497,  N-30D,  N-30D/A,  NSAR-B,  NT-NSAR8/14/011302518/13/01125187N-14AE/A6/30/011346/18/0112231/1/0112424612/29/004134485BPOS,  NT-NSAR11/1/00146257NSAR-B10/17/001242469/11/00191938/31/006325224F-2NT,  N-30D,  NSAR-A,  NSAR-B,  NT-NSAR8/14/00632537/13/00125265DEFS14A,  PRES14A7/10/002475/8/001302515/1/0020049712/31/99168/31/992425324F-2NT,  N-30D,  NSAR-B8/2/9916244977/7/99158497J6/30/99126193485BPOS6/7/99622674/1/992513/31/998725324F-2NT,  N-30D,  NSAR-B3/1/99205485BPOS1/1/9923312/15/98125247DEFS14A,  PRES14A9/16/982229/7/981242486/30/98131193N-30D,  NT-NSAR5/29/981562204/3/9887253485APOS3/31/98131252N-30D,  NSAR-A,  NSAR-B,  NT-NSAR12/31/971242466/26/971855/9/971272498/31/95198 List all Filings 
↑TopFiling Submission 0000088053-02-000011   –   Alternative Formats (Word / Rich Text, HTML, Plain Text, et al.)
Copyright © 2017 Fran Finnegan & Company.  All Rights Reserved.About – Privacy – Redactions – Help —
Fri, 28 Jul 11:39:44.3 GMT 





SEC Info - Deutsche International Fund, Inc. - ‘497’ on 12/6/07










SEC Info uses JavaScript!  To view pages properly, enable JavaScript in your browser.


    SEC Info      Home      Search      My Interests      Help      Sign In      Please Sign In




Deutsche International Fund, Inc. – ‘497’ on 12/6/07On:  Thursday, 12/6/07, at 2:10pm ET   ·   Effective:  12/6/07   ·   Accession #:  88053-7-1383   ·   File #:  2-14400
Previous ‘497’:  ‘497’ on 11/27/07   ·   Next:  ‘497’ on 1/2/08   ·   Latest:  ‘497’ on 7/25/17



  in 
this entire Filing.
an "Entity" Search.
  Show 
Docs searched
 and 
every "hit".
the 1st "hit".

Help... Wildcards:  ? (any letter),  * (many).  Logic:  for Docs:  & (and),  | (or);  for Text:  | (anywhere),  "(&)" (near).    ↓Bottom
 
T-->  As Of                Filer                Filing    For·On·As Docs:Size

12/06/07  Deutsche International Fund, Inc. 497        12/06/07    1:1.9M
          → Deutsche CROCI International Fund ⇒ Class A: SUIAX – Class B: SUIBX – Class C: SUICX – Class S: SCINX – Institutional Class: SUIIX
          → Deutsche International Value Fund ⇒ Class A: DNVAX – Class C: DNVCX – Class S: DNVSX – Institutional Fund: DNVIXF-->Definitive Material   —   Rule 497Filing Table of Contents
Document/Exhibit                   Description                      Pages   Size 

 1: 497         497 Definitive Filing                                600   2.58M 

D-->Document Table of Contents
Page (sequential) | (alphabetic) Top A-->
Alternative Formats (Word, et al.)
Aaa
Additional Information
Administrative Agreement
Bbb
Choosing a Share Class
Class A shares
Combined Purchases
Compensation of Portfolio Managers
Custodian
Custodian, Transfer Agent and Shareholder Service Agent
Depositary Receipts
Directors and Officers
Distributor
Distributor and Underwriter
Dividends
Exchanges
Federal Income Taxes
Financial intermediary support payments
Financial Statements
Fund Organization
Fund Service Providers
Fund's Main Investment Strategy, The
How each fund calculates share price
How the fund calculates share price
How to contact the transfer agent
How to Invest in the Funds
How to open your fund account
Independent Board Members
Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
Investment Advisor
Investment advisor, The
Investment Objective and Policies
Investment Policies and Techniques
Investment Restrictions
Investment Techniques
Legal Counsel
Letter of Intent
Management of the Fund
Management of the Funds
Market timing policies and procedures
Moody's
Net Asset Value
Other rights we reserve
Passive Foreign Investment Companies
Policies about transactions
Policies You Should Know About
Portfolio Holdings
Portfolio Holdings Information
Portfolio Transactions
Principal Underwriter
Prospectus
Proxy Voting Guidelines
Purchase and Redemption of Shares
Ratings of Investments
Redemption fees
Revenue Sharing
Reverse Repurchase Agreements
Rule 12b-1 Plans
Signature Guarantee
S&P
Table of Contents
Taxes
The Fund's Main Investment Strategy
The investment advisor
Use of Segregated and Other Special Accounts
S-->
11st Page   -   Filing Submission
"Prospectus
2How to Invest in the Funds
4The Fund's Main Investment Strategy
34Choosing a Share Class
35Class A shares
43Financial intermediary support payments
45Policies You Should Know About
46Policies about transactions
48Market timing policies and procedures
50Redemption fees
53Signature Guarantee
56How each fund calculates share price
57Other rights we reserve
80The investment advisor
86How to contact the transfer agent
87How to open your fund account
100How the fund calculates share price
284Table of Contents
286Investment Restrictions
288Investment Policies and Techniques
289Depositary Receipts
299Reverse Repurchase Agreements
304Use of Segregated and Other Special Accounts
307Portfolio Holdings Information
310Management of the Funds
"Investment Advisor
313Administrative Agreement
316Compensation of Portfolio Managers
319Fund Service Providers
"Principal Underwriter
320Rule 12b-1 Plans
323Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
"Legal Counsel
"Custodian
326Portfolio Transactions
329Purchase and Redemption of Shares
333Revenue Sharing
337Combined Purchases
"Letter of Intent
344Exchanges
345Dividends
346Federal Income Taxes
349Passive Foreign Investment Companies
352Net Asset Value
353Directors and Officers
354Independent Board Members
363Fund Organization
366Proxy Voting Guidelines
367Financial Statements
"Additional Information
368Ratings of Investments
"Aaa
"Bbb
370Moody's
371S&P
452Investment Objective and Policies
"Investment Techniques
471Portfolio Holdings
473Management of the Fund
485Custodian, Transfer Agent and Shareholder Service Agent
504Taxes
561Distributor and Underwriter
"Distributor
P-->4971st Page of 600TOC↑TopPreviousNext↓BottomJust 1st 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

DECEMBER 1, 2007

PROSPECTUS

------------------

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

DWS GLOBAL THEMATIC FUND - Classes A, B, C and R

DWS INTERNATIONAL FUND - Classes A, B and C 

As with all mutual funds, the Securities and Exchange  Commission (SEC) does not
approve or disapprove these shares or determine  whether the information in this
prospectus  is  truthful  or  complete.  It is a criminal  offense for anyone to
inform you otherwise.                                                           

                                         [DWS SCUDDER LOGO GRAPHIC APPEARS HERE]

P-->4972nd Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 2nd
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

CONTENTS                                                                        
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                                                [Download Table]

HOW EACH FUND WORKS              

  4      DWS Global Thematic Fund

 13      DWS International Fund  

 22      Other Policies and Risks

 23      Who Manages and Oversees
         the Funds               

 26      Financial Highlights    

                                                                [Download Table]
 
HOW TO INVEST IN THE FUNDS 

 34      Choosing a Share Class     

 41      How to Buy Class A, B and C
         Shares                     

 42      How to Exchange or Sell    
         Class A, B and C Shares    

 43      How to Buy and Sell Class R
         Shares                     

 45      Policies You Should Know   
         About                      

 59      Understanding Distributions
         and Taxes                  

 62      Appendix                   

P-->4973rd Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 3rd
HOW EACH FUND WORKS                                                             

On the next few pages, you'll find information about each fund's investment     
goal, the main strategies each uses to pursue that goal and the main risks that 
could affect performance.                                                       

Whether you are considering investing in a fund or are already a shareholder,   
you'll want to LOOK THIS INFORMATION OVER CAREFULLY. You may want to keep it on 
hand for reference as well.                                                     

CLASSES A, B AND C shares are generally intended for investors seeking the      
advice and assistance of a financial advisor. CLASS R shares are only available 
to participants in certain retirement plans.                                    

Remember that mutual funds are investments, not bank deposits. They're not      
insured or guaranteed by the FDIC or any other government agency. Their share   
prices will go up and down, and you could lose money by investing in them.      

You can find DWS prospectuses on the Internet at WWW.DWS-SCUDDER.COM (the Web   
site does not form a part of this prospectus).                                  

P-->4974th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 4th
                                                                [Download Table]
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                
                                        Class A    Class B    Class C    Class R
                     ticker symbol      SGQAX      SGQBX      SGQCX      SGQRX  
                       fund number      407        607        707        1512   

DWS GLOBAL THEMATIC FUND                                                        
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


THE FUND'S MAIN INVESTMENT STRATEGY 

The fund seeks long-term growth of capital.             

           The fund invests at least 65% of its total assets in US and foreign
          equities (equities issued by US and foreign-based companies). Most
       of the fund's equities are common stocks. Although the fund can
        invest in companies of any size and from any country, it invests
          mainly in common stocks of established companies in countries with
     developed economies. The fund's equity investments are mainly
      common stocks, but may also include preferred stocks and other
   securities with equity characteristics, such as convertible
securities and warrants.                                

           In choosing securities, the portfolio manager uses a combination of
three analytical disciplines:                           

           BOTTOM-UP RESEARCH. The manager looks for individual companies with
          a history of above-average growth, strong competitive positioning,
       attractive prices relative to potential growth, sound financial
strength and effective management, among other factors. 

          GROWTH ORIENTATION. The manager generally looks for companies that
         the manager believes have above-average potential for sustainable
    growth of revenue or earnings and whose market value appears
reasonable in light of their business prospects.        

        ANALYSIS OF GLOBAL THEMES. The manager considers global economic
       outlooks, seeking to identify industries and companies that are
      likely to benefit from social, political and economic changes.

      The manager uses analytical tools to actively monitor the risk
    profile of the portfolio as compared to comparable funds and
appropriate benchmarks and peer groups.                 

4 | DWS Global Thematic Fund                                                    

P-->4975th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 5th
          The manager may favor different types of securities from different
industries and companies at different times, while still
        maintaining variety in terms of the types of securities, issuers
and countries represented.                              

        The manager will normally sell a stock when the manager believes
      its price is unlikely to go much higher, its fundamentals have
        deteriorated, other investments offer better opportunities or in
       the course of adjusting the fund's exposure to a given country.

          OTHER INVESTMENTS. The fund is permitted, but not required, to use
        various types of derivatives (contracts whose value is based on,
           for example, indices, currencies or securities). Derivatives may be
   used for hedging and for risk management or for non-hedging
     purposes to seek to enhance potential gains. The fund may use
        derivatives in circumstances where portfolio management believes
          they offer an economical means of gaining exposure to a particular
           asset class or to keep cash on hand to meet shareholder redemptions
or other needs while maintaining exposure to the market.

          SECURITIES LENDING. The fund may lend its investment securities in
an amount up to 33 1/3% of its total assets to approved 
         institutional borrowers who need to borrow securities in order to
complete certain transactions.                          

THE MAIN RISKS OF INVESTING IN THE FUND                 

 There are several risk factors that could hurt the fund's
            performance, cause you to lose money or cause the fund's performance
to trail that of other investments.                     

        STOCK MARKET RISK. As with most stock funds, an important factor
         with this fund is how stock markets perform - in this case US and
         foreign stock markets. When US and foreign stock prices fall, you
   should expect the value of your investment to fall as well.
         Compared to large company stocks, small company stocks tend to be
      more volatile, in part because these companies tend to be less
      established and the valuation of their stocks often depends on
        future expectations. Because a stock represents ownership in its
      issuer, stock prices can be hurt by poor management, shrinking
        product demand and other business risks. These may affect single
           companies as well as groups of companies. In addition, movements in
financial markets may adversely affect a stock's        

THE FOLLOWING SIDEBAR TEXT APPEARS NEXT TO THE PRECEDING PARAGRAPHS             

This fund is designed for long-term investors who are interested in a broadly   
diversified approach to global investing with an emphasis on long-term growth of
capital.                                                                        

                                                   DWS Global Thematic Fund  | 5

P-->4976th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 6th
           price, regardless of how well the company performs. The market as a
           whole may not favor the types of investments the fund makes and the
fund may not be able to get attractive prices for them. 

          SECURITY SELECTION RISK. A risk that pervades all investing is the
       risk that the securities in the fund's portfolio may decline in
value.                                                  

    FOREIGN INVESTMENT RISK. Foreign investments involve certain
special risks, including:                               

    -  POLITICAL RISK. Some foreign governments have limited the
             outflow of profits to investors abroad, imposed restrictions on
             the exchange or export of foreign currency, extended diplomatic
       disputes to include trade and financial relations, seized
foreign investment and imposed high taxes.        

           -  INFORMATION RISK. Companies based in foreign markets are usually
         not subject to accounting, auditing and financial reporting
      standards and practices as stringent as those in the US.
           Therefore, their financial reports may present an incomplete,
              untimely or misleading picture of a foreign company, as compared
to the financial reports of US companies.         

  -  LIQUIDITY RISK. Investments that trade less can be more
              difficult or more costly to buy, or to sell, than more liquid or
        active investments. This liquidity risk is a factor of the
            trading volume of a particular investment, as well as the size
             and liquidity of the entire local market. On the whole, foreign
            exchanges are smaller and less liquid than the US market. This
            can make buying and selling certain investments more difficult
             and costly. Relatively small transactions in some instances can
            have a disproportionately large effect on the price and supply
           of securities. In certain situations, it may become virtually
         impossible to sell an investment in an orderly fashion at a
          price that approaches portfolio management's estimate of its
         value. For the same reason, it may at times be difficult to
value the fund's foreign investments.             

         -  REGULATORY RISK. There is generally less government regulation
              of foreign markets, companies and securities dealers than in the
US.                                               

6 | DWS Global Thematic Fund                                                    

P-->4977th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 7th
       -  CURRENCY RISK. The fund invests in securities denominated in
              foreign currencies. This creates the possibility that changes in
              exchange rates between foreign currencies and the US dollar will
            affect the US dollar value of foreign securities or the income
or gain received on these securities.             

           -  LIMITED LEGAL RECOURSE RISK. Legal remedies for investors may be
 more limited than the remedies available in the US.

          -  TRADING PRACTICE RISK. Brokerage commissions and other fees are
  generally higher for foreign investments than for US
     investments. The procedures and rules governing foreign
          transactions and custody may also involve delays in payment,
delivery or recovery of money or investments.     

        -  TAXES. Foreign withholding and certain other taxes may reduce
             the amount of income available to distribute to shareholders of
            the fund. In addition, special US tax considerations may apply
to the fund's foreign investments.                

      EMERGING MARKET RISK. All of the risks of investing in foreign
           securities are increased in connection with investments in emerging
    markets securities. In addition, profound social changes and
         business practices that depart from norms in developed countries'
        economies have hindered the orderly growth of emerging economies
       and their markets in the past and have caused instability. High
         levels of debt tend to make emerging economies heavily reliant on
         foreign capital and vulnerable to capital flight. These countries
    are also more likely to experience high levels of inflation,
      deflation or currency devaluation, which could also hurt their
      economies and securities markets. For these and other reasons,
         investments in emerging markets are often considered speculative.

       PRICING RISK. At times, market conditions might make it hard to
      value some investments, and the fund may use certain valuation
     methodologies for some of its investments, such as fair value
         pricing. Given the subjective nature of such methodologies, it is
   possible that the value determined for an investment may be
         different than the value realized upon such investment's sale. If
     the fund has valued its securities too highly, you may end up
          paying too much for fund shares when you buy into the fund. If the
    fund underestimates the price of its securities, you may not
         receive the full market value for your fund shares when you sell.

                                                   DWS Global Thematic Fund  | 7

P-->4978th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 8th
           SECURITIES LENDING RISK. Any loss in the market price of securities
           loaned by the fund that occurs during the term of the loan would be
borne by the fund and would adversely affect the fund's 
        performance. Also, there may be delays in recovery of securities
    loaned or even a loss of rights in the collateral should the
     borrower of the securities fail financially while the loan is
           outstanding. However, loans will be made only to borrowers selected
   by the fund's delegate after a review of relevant facts and
      circumstances, including the creditworthiness of the borrower.

       DERIVATIVES RISK. Risks associated with derivatives include the
          risk that the derivative is not well correlated with the security,
        index or currency to which it relates; the risk that derivatives
     may not have the intended effects and may result in losses or
           missed opportunities; the risk that the fund will be unable to sell
        the derivative because of an illiquid secondary market; the risk
          that a counterparty is unwilling or unable to meet its obligation;
          and the risk that the derivative transaction could expose the fund
   to the effects of leverage, which could increase the fund's
        exposure to the market and magnify potential losses. There is no
         guarantee that derivatives, to the extent employed, will have the
        intended effect, and their use could cause lower returns or even
       losses to the fund. The use of derivatives by the fund to hedge
           risk may reduce the opportunity for gain by offsetting the positive
effect of favorable price movements.                    

Another factor that could affect performance is:        

 -  portfolio management could be wrong in the analysis of
  industries, companies, economic trends, the relative
      attractiveness of different securities or other matters.

8 | DWS Global Thematic Fund                                                    

P-->4979th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 9th
THE FUND'S PERFORMANCE HISTORY                                                  

While a fund's past performance (before and after taxes) isn't necessarily a    
sign of how it will do in the future, it can be valuable for an investor to     
know.                                                                           

The bar chart shows how the performance of the fund's Class A shares has varied 
from year to year, which may give some idea of risk. The bar chart does not     
reflect sales loads; if it did, total returns would be lower than those shown.  
The table on the following page shows how fund performance compares to relevant 
index information (which, unlike fund performance, does not reflect fees or     
expenses). The table includes the effects of maximum sales loads. The           
performance of both the fund and the index information varies over time. All    
figures assume reinvestment of dividends and distributions (in the case of      
after-tax returns, reinvested net of assumed tax rates).                        

The table shows returns for Class A shares on a before-tax and after-tax basis. 
After-tax returns are shown for Class A only and will vary for Classes B and C. 
After-tax returns are estimates calculated using the historical highest         
individual federal marginal income tax rates and do not reflect the impact of   
state and local taxes. Actual after-tax returns depend on an investor's tax     
situation and may differ from those shown in the table. After-tax returns shown 
are not relevant for investors who hold their shares through tax-deferred       
arrangements, such as 401(k) plans or individual retirement accounts.           

In addition, after-tax returns are not relevant for Class R shares.             

The inception date for Class A, B and C shares is June 18, 2001. The inception  
date for Class R shares is November 3, 2003. In the bar chart, the performance  
figures for Class A shares before that date are based on the historical         
performance of the fund's original share class (Class S), adjusted to reflect   
the higher gross total annual operating expenses of Class A.                    

In the table, the performance figures for each share class prior to its         
inception are based on the historical performance of Class S, adjusted to       
reflect both the higher gross total annual operating expenses of Class A, B, C  
or R and the current applicable sales charges of Class A, B or C. Class S       
shares are offered in a separate prospectus.                                    

DWS Global Thematic Fund                                                        

ANNUAL TOTAL RETURN (%) AS OF 12/31 EACH YEAR - CLASS A (Results do not reflect 
sales loads; if they did, total returns would be lower than those shown.)       

[BAR CHART GRAPHIC APPEARS HERE]                                                

                                                                [Download Table]
                                                                       
16.92  12.28  23.13  -3.28  -16.62   -17.21  31.93  14.69  22.73  29.94
1997   1998   1999   2000   2001    2002     2003   2004   2005   2006 

                                                                [Download Table]

2007 TOTAL RETURN AS OF SEPTEMBER 30: 11.47%                                

FOR THE PERIODS INCLUDED IN THE BAR CHART:                                  
BEST QUARTER: 15.12%, Q4 1999                WORST QUARTER: -17.42%, Q3 2002

                                               DWS Global Thematic Fund  | 9

P-->49710th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 10th
AVERAGE ANNUAL TOTAL RETURNS (%) AS OF 12/31/2006 (Fund returns include the     
effects of maximum sales load.)                                                 

                                                                [Download Table]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                              1 YEAR       5 YEARS      10 YEARS
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 CLASS A                                                                        
   Return before Taxes                          22.47        13.49         9.39 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   Return after Taxes on Distributions          18.33        12.33         7.25 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   Return after Taxes on Distributions                                          
   and Sale of Fund Shares                      15.16        11.37         7.14 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 CLASS B (Return before Taxes)                  25.76        13.79         9.16 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 CLASS C (Return before Taxes)                  29.00        13.97         9.19 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 CLASS R (Return before Taxes)                  29.64        14.59         9.79 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 MORGAN STANLEY CAPITAL                                                         
 INTERNATIONAL (MSCI) WORLD INDEX                                               
 (reflects no deductions for fees,                                              
 expenses or taxes)                             20.07         9.97         7.64 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Total returns would have been lower if operating expenses hadn't been reduced.  

MSCI WORLD INDEX is an unmanaged capitalization-weighted measure of stock       
markets around the world, including North America, Europe, Australia and Asia.  

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Current performance may be higher or lower than the performance data quoted     
above. For more recent performance information, call your financial advisor or  
(800) 621-1048 or visit our Web site at www.dws-scudder.com.                    

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The RETURN AFTER TAXES ON DISTRIBUTIONS assumes that an investor holds fund     
shares at the end of the period. The number represents only the fund's taxable  
distributions and not a shareholder's gain or loss from selling fund shares.    

The RETURN AFTER TAXES ON DISTRIBUTIONS AND SALE OF FUND SHARES assumes that an 
investor sold his or her fund shares at the end of the period. The number       
reflects both the fund's taxable distributions and a shareholder's gain or loss 
from selling fund shares.                                                       

10 | DWS Global Thematic Fund                                                   

P-->49711th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 11th
HOW MUCH INVESTORS PAY                                                          

This table describes the fees and expenses that you may pay if you buy and hold 
fund shares. This information doesn't include any fees that may be charged by   
your financial advisor.                                                         

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
FEE TABLE                                       CLASS A        CLASS B      CLASS C      CLASS R    
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                                    
 SHAREHOLDER FEES, paid directly from your investment                                               
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Maximum Sales Charge (Load) Imposed                                                                
 on Purchases (as % of offering price) 1           5.75% 1        None         None         None    
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Maximum Contingent Deferred Sales                                                                  
 Charge (Load) (as % of redemption                                                                  
 proceeds)                                         None 2         4.00%        1.00%       None     
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Redemption/Exchange fee on shares                                                                  
 owned less than 15 days (as % of                                                                   
 redemption proceeds) 3                            2.00           2.00         2.00        2.00     
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 ANNUAL OPERATING EXPENSES, deducted from fund assets                                               
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Management Fee 4                                  0.94  %        0.94%        0.94%       0.94%    
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Distribution/Service (12b-1) Fees                 0.21           1.00         1.00        0.48     
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Other Expenses                                    0.25           0.33         0.22        0.26     
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Acquired Funds (Underlying Funds) Fees                                                             
 and Expenses 5                                    0.01           0.01         0.01        0.01     
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 TOTAL ANNUAL OPERATING EXPENSES 6                 1.41           2.28         2.17        1.69     
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

1   Because of rounding in the calculation of the offering price, the actual    
 maximum front-end sales charge paid by an investor may be higher than the
percentage noted (see "Choosing a Share Class - Class A shares").       

2   The redemption of shares purchased at net asset value under the Large Order 
  NAV Purchase Privilege (see "Choosing a Share Class - Class A shares") may
    be subject to a contingent deferred sales charge of 1.00% if redeemed within
    12 months of purchase and 0.50% if redeemed within the following six months.

3   This fee is charged on all applicable redemptions or exchanges. Please see  
  "Policies You Should Know About - Policies about transactions" for further
information.                                                            

4   Includes 0.10% administration fee.                                          

5   The amount indicated is based on the indirect net expenses associated with  
the fund's investment in the underlying funds for the fiscal year ended 
August 31, 2007.                                                        

6   Through September 30, 2008, the Advisor has contractually agreed to waive   
all or a portion of its management fee and reimburse or pay operating   
expenses to the extent necessary to maintain the fund's total operating 
expenses at 1.90% for Class R shares, excluding certain expenses such as
extraordinary expenses, taxes, brokerage and interest.                  

                                                  DWS Global Thematic Fund  | 11

P-->49712th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 12th
Based on the costs above, this example helps you compare this fund's expenses   
to those of other mutual funds. This example assumes expenses above remain the  
same and that you invested $10,000, earned 5% annual returns and reinvested all 
dividends and distributions at the end of each period. This is only an example; 
actual expenses will be different.                                              

                                                                [Download Table]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXAMPLE               1 YEAR      3 YEARS      5 YEARS      10 YEARS            
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                
 EXPENSES, assuming you sold your shares at the end of each period.             
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Class A shares        $710       $  996       $1,302       $2,169              
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Class B shares         631        1,012        1,420        2,196              
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Class C shares         320          679        1,164        2,503              
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Class R shares         172          533          918        1,998              
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 EXPENSES, assuming you kept your shares.                                       
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Class A shares        $710       $  996       $1,302       $2,169              
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Class B shares         231          712        1,220        2,196              
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Class C shares         220          679        1,164        2,503              
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Class R shares         172          533          918        1,998              
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

12 | DWS Global Thematic Fund                                                   

P-->49713th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 13th
                                                                [Download Table]
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                
                                                Class A    Class B    Class C   
                              ticker symbol     SUIAX      SUIBX      SUICX     
                                fund number     468        668        768       

DWS INTERNATIONAL FUND                                                          
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


THE FUND'S MAIN INVESTMENT STRATEGY 

        The fund seeks long-term growth of capital by investing at least
       65% of its total assets in foreign equities (equities issued by
 foreign-based companies and listed on foreign exchanges).

          Although the fund can invest in companies of any size and from any
  country, it invests mainly in common stocks of established
       companies in countries with developed economies (other than the
      United States). The fund may invest up to 20% of net assets in
        foreign debt securities, including convertible bonds. The fund's
         equity investments are mainly common stocks, but may also include
          preferred stocks and other securities with equity characteristics,
such as convertible securities and warrants.            

           In choosing securities, the portfolio manager uses a combination of
two analytical disciplines:                             

          BOTTOM-UP RESEARCH. The manager look for individual companies with
          a history of above average growth, strong competitive positioning,
       attractive prices relative to potential growth, sound financial
strength and effective management, among other factors. 

          TOP-DOWN ANALYSIS. The manager considers the economic outlooks for
       various sectors and industries while looking for those that may
 benefit from changes in the overall business environment.

          The manager may favor different types of securities from different
industries and companies at different times, while still
        maintaining variety in terms of the types of securities, issuers
and countries represented.                              

        The manager will normally sell a stock when the manager believes
      its price is unlikely to go much higher, its fundamentals have
        deteriorated, other investments offer better opportunities or in
       the course of adjusting the fund's exposure to a given country.

                                                    DWS International Fund  | 13

P-->49714th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 14th
          OTHER INVESTMENTS. The fund is permitted, but not required, to use
        various types of derivatives (contracts whose value is based on,
           for example, indices, currencies or securities). Derivatives may be
   used for hedging and for risk management or for non-hedging
     purposes to seek to enhance potential gains. The fund may use
        derivatives in circumstances where portfolio management believes
          they offer an economical means of gaining exposure to a particular
           asset class or to keep cash on hand to meet shareholder redemptions
or other needs while maintaining exposure to the market.

          SECURITIES LENDING. The fund may lend its investment securities in
an amount up to 33 1/3% of its total assets to approved 
         institutional borrowers who need to borrow securities in order to
complete certain transactions.                          

THE MAIN RISKS OF INVESTING IN THE FUND                 

 There are several risk factors that could hurt the fund's
performance, cause you to lose money or cause the fund's
performance to trail that of other investments.         

        STOCK MARKET RISK. As with most stock funds, an important factor
        with this fund is how stock markets perform - (to the extent the
  fund invests in a particular geographic region, the fund's
            performance may be proportionately affected by that region's general
            performance). When stock prices fall, you should expect the value of
   your investment to fall as well. Because a stock represents
 ownership in its issuer, stock prices can be hurt by poor
            management, shrinking product demand and other business risks. These
      may affect single companies as well as groups of companies. In
       addition, movements in financial markets may adversely affect a
       stock's price, regardless of how well the company performs. The
         market as a whole may not favor the types of investments the fund
       makes and the fund may not be able to get attractive prices for
them.                                                   

          SECURITY SELECTION RISK. A risk that pervades all investing is the
       risk that the securities in the fund's portfolio may decline in
value.                                                  

    FOREIGN INVESTMENT RISK. Foreign investments involve certain
special risks, including:                               

THE FOLLOWING SIDEBAR TEXT APPEARS NEXT TO THE PRECEDING PARAGRAPHS             

The fund is designed for investors who are interested in a broadly diversified  
non-US international investment with the emphasis squarely on long-term growth  
of capital.                                                                     

14 | DWS International Fund                                                     

P-->49715th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 15th
            -  POLITICAL RISK. Some foreign governments have limited the outflow
         of profits to investors abroad, imposed restrictions on the
         exchange or export of foreign currency, extended diplomatic
               disputes to include trade and financial relations, seized foreign
investment and imposed high taxes.                

           -  INFORMATION RISK. Companies based in foreign markets are usually
         not subject to accounting, auditing and financial reporting
      standards and practices as stringent as those in the US.
           Therefore, their financial reports may present an incomplete,
              untimely or misleading picture of a foreign company, as compared
to the financial reports of US companies.         

  -  LIQUIDITY RISK. Investments that trade less can be more
              difficult or more costly to buy, or to sell, than more liquid or
        active investments. This liquidity risk is a factor of the
            trading volume of a particular investment, as well as the size
             and liquidity of the entire local market. On the whole, foreign
            exchanges are smaller and less liquid than the US market. This
            can make buying and selling certain investments more difficult
             and costly. Relatively small transactions in some instances can
            have a disproportionately large effect on the price and supply
           of securities. In certain situations, it may become virtually
         impossible to sell an investment in an orderly fashion at a
          price that approaches portfolio management's estimate of its
         value. For the same reason, it may at times be difficult to
value the fund's foreign investments.             

         -  REGULATORY RISK. There is generally less government regulation
              of foreign markets, companies and securities dealers than in the
US.                                               

       -  CURRENCY RISK. The fund invests in securities denominated in
              foreign currencies. This creates the possibility that changes in
              exchange rates between foreign currencies and the US dollar will
            affect the US dollar value of foreign securities or the income
or gain received on these securities.             

           -  LIMITED LEGAL RECOURSE RISK. Legal remedies for investors may be
 more limited than the remedies available in the US.

                                                    DWS International Fund  | 15

P-->49716th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 16th
          -  TRADING PRACTICE RISK. Brokerage commissions and other fees are
               generally higher for foreign investments than for US investments.
         The procedures and rules governing foreign transactions and
              custody may also involve delays in payment, delivery or recovery
of money or investments.                          

        -  TAXES. Foreign withholding and certain other taxes may reduce
             the amount of income available to distribute to shareholders of
            the fund. In addition, special US tax considerations may apply
to the fund's foreign investments.                

      EMERGING MARKET RISK. All of the risks of investing in foreign
           securities are increased in connection with investments in emerging
    markets securities. In addition, profound social changes and
         business practices that depart from norms in developed countries'
        economies have hindered the orderly growth of emerging economies
       and their markets in the past and have caused instability. High
         levels of debt tend to make emerging economies heavily reliant on
         foreign capital and vulnerable to capital flight. These countries
    are also more likely to experience high levels of inflation,
      deflation or currency devaluation, which could also hurt their
      economies and securities markets. For these and other reasons,
         investments in emerging markets are often considered speculative.

       PRICING RISK. At times, market conditions might make it hard to
      value some investments, and the fund may use certain valuation
     methodologies for some of its investments, such as fair value
         pricing. Given the subjective nature of such methodologies, it is
   possible that the value determined for an investment may be
         different than the value realized upon such investment's sale. If
     the fund has valued its securities too highly, you may end up
          paying too much for fund shares when you buy into the fund. If the
    fund underestimates the price of its securities, you may not
         receive the full market value for your fund shares when you sell.

           SECURITIES LENDING RISK. Any loss in the market price of securities
           loaned by the fund that occurs during the term of the loan would be
borne by the fund and would adversely affect the fund's 
        performance. Also, there may be delays in recovery of securities
    loaned or even a loss of rights in the collateral should the
borrower of the securities fail financially             

16 | DWS International Fund                                                     

P-->49717th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 17th
          while the loan is outstanding. However, loans will be made only to
   borrowers selected by the fund's delegate after a review of
           relevant facts and circumstances, including the creditworthiness of
the borrower.                                           

       DERIVATIVES RISK. Risks associated with derivatives include the
          risk that the derivative is not well correlated with the security,
        index or currency to which it relates; the risk that derivatives
     may not have the intended effects and may result in losses or
           missed opportunities; the risk that the fund will be unable to sell
        the derivative because of an illiquid secondary market; the risk
          that a counterparty is unwilling or unable to meet its obligation;
          and the risk that the derivative transaction could expose the fund
   to the effects of leverage, which could increase the fund's
        exposure to the market and magnify potential losses. There is no
         guarantee that derivatives, to the extent employed, will have the
        intended effect, and their use could cause lower returns or even
       losses to the fund. The use of derivatives by the fund to hedge
           risk may reduce the opportunity for gain by offsetting the positive
effect of favorable price movements.                    

Another factor that could affect performance is:        

 -  portfolio management could be wrong in the analysis of
  industries, companies, economic trends, the relative
      attractiveness of different securities or other matters.

                                                    DWS International Fund  | 17

P-->49718th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 18th
THE FUND'S PERFORMANCE HISTORY                                                  

While a fund's past performance (before and after taxes) isn't necessarily a    
sign of how it will do in the future, it can be valuable for an investor to     
know.                                                                           

The bar chart shows how the performance of the fund's Class A shares has varied 
from year to year, which may give some idea of risk. The bar chart does not     
reflect sales loads; if it did, total returns would be lower than those shown.  
The table on the following page shows how fund performance compares to relevant 
index information (which, unlike fund performance, does not reflect fees or     
expenses). The table includes the effects of maximum sales loads. The           
performance of both the fund and the index information varies over time. All    
figures assume reinvestment of dividends and distributions (in the case of      
after-tax returns, reinvested net of assumed tax rates).                        

The table shows returns for Class A shares on a before-tax and after-tax basis. 
After-tax returns are shown for Class A only and will vary for Classes B and C. 
After-tax returns are estimates calculated using the historical highest         
individual federal marginal income tax rates and do not reflect the impact of   
state and local taxes. Actual after-tax returns depend on an investor's tax     
situation and may differ from those shown in the table. After-tax returns shown 
are not relevant for investors who hold their shares through tax-deferred       
arrangements, such as 401(k) plans or individual retirement accounts.           

The inception date for Class A shares (formerly Class R) is August 2, 1999. The 
inception date for Class B and C shares is December 29, 2000. In the bar chart, 
the performance figures for Class A before its inception date are based on the  
historical performance of the fund's original share class (Class S), adjusted   
to reflect the higher gross total annual operating expenses of Class A.         

In the table, the performance figures for each share class prior to its         
inception date are based on the historical performance of Class S, adjusted to  
reflect the higher gross total annual operating expenses of Classes A, B and C  
and the current applicable sales charges of Classes A, B and C. Class S shares  
are offered in a separate prospectus.                                           

DWS International Fund                                                          

ANNUAL TOTAL RETURN (%) AS OF 12/31 EACH YEAR - CLASS A (Results do not reflect 
sales loads; if they did, total returns would be lower than those shown.)       

[BAR CHART GRAPHIC APPEARS HERE]                                                

                                                                [Download Table]
                                                                       
7.68  18.30  57.33  -19.40  -27.10   -16.56  27.46  16.37  15.94  25.76
1997  1998   1999   2000    2001    2002     2003   2004   2005   2006 

                                                                [Download Table]

2007 TOTAL RETURN AS OF SEPTEMBER 30: 16.09%                                

FOR THE PERIODS INCLUDED IN THE BAR CHART:                                  
BEST QUARTER: 30.20%, Q4 1999                WORST QUARTER: -19.42%, Q3 2002

18 | DWS International Fund                                                     

P-->49719th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 19th
AVERAGE ANNUAL TOTAL RETURNS (%) AS OF 12/31/2006 (Fund returns include the     
effects of maximum sales load.)                                                 

                                                                [Download Table]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                              1 YEAR       5 YEARS      10 YEARS
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 CLASS A                                                                        
   Return before Taxes                          18.53        11.21         7.18 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   Return after Taxes on Distributions          17.91        11.05         6.23 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   Return after Taxes on Distributions                                          
   and Sale of Fund Shares                      10.51         9.75         6.00 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 CLASS B (Return before Taxes)                  21.51        11.38         6.91 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 CLASS C (Return before Taxes)                  24.79        11.60         6.97 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 MORGAN STANLEY CAPITAL                                                         
 INTERNATIONAL (MSCI) EUROPE,                                                   
 AUSTRALASIA, FAR EAST (EAFE) INDEX                                             
 (reflects no deductions for fees,                                              
 expenses or taxes)                             26.34        14.98         7.71 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Total returns would have been lower had operating expenses not been reduced.    

MORGAN STANLEY CAPITAL INTERNATIONAL (MSCI) EUROPE, AUSTRALASIA AND THE FAR EAST
(EAFE) INDEX is an unmanaged index that tracks international stock performance  
in the 21 developed markets of Europe, Australasia and the Far East.            

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Current performance may be higher or lower than the performance data quoted     
above. For more recent performance information, call your financial advisor or  
(800) 621-1048 or visit our Web site at www.dws-scudder.com.                    

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The RETURN AFTER TAXES ON DISTRIBUTIONS assumes that an investor holds fund     
shares at the end of the period. The number represents only the fund's taxable  
distributions and not a shareholder's gain or loss from selling fund shares.    

The RETURN AFTER TAXES ON DISTRIBUTIONS AND SALE OF FUND SHARES assumes that an 
investor sold his or her fund shares at the end of the period. The number       
reflects both the fund's taxable distributions and a shareholder's gain or loss 
from selling fund shares.                                                       

                                                    DWS International Fund  | 19

P-->49720th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 20th
HOW MUCH INVESTORS PAY                                                          

This table describes the fees and expenses that you may pay if you buy and hold 
fund shares. This information doesn't include any fees that may be charged by   
your financial advisor.                                                         

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
FEE TABLE                                        CLASS A         CLASS B       CLASS C     
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                           
 SHAREHOLDER FEES, paid directly from your investment                                      
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Maximum Sales Charge (Load) Imposed                                                       
 on Purchases (as % of offering price)             5.75% 1         None         None       
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Maximum Contingent Deferred Sales                                                         
 Charge (Load) (as % of redemption                                                         
 proceeds)                                         None 2         4.00%         1.00%      
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Redemption/Exchange fee on shares                                                         
 owned less than 15 days (as % of                                                          
 redemption proceeds) 3                            2.00           2.00          2.00       
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 ANNUAL OPERATING EXPENSES, deducted from fund assets                                      
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Management Fee 4                                  0.67  %        0.67%         0.67%      
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Distribution/Service (12b-1) Fees                 0.24           0.99          1.00       
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Other Expenses                                    0.32           0.49          0.33       
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 TOTAL ANNUAL OPERATING EXPENSES                   1.23           2.15          2.00       
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Less Expense Waiver/Reimbursement                 0.00           0.12          0.00       
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 NET ANNUAL OPERATING EXPENSES 5                   1.23           2.03          2.00       
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

1   Because of rounding in the calculation of the offering price, the actual    
 maximum front-end sales charge paid by an investor may be higher than the
percentage noted (see "Choosing a Share Class - Class A shares").       

2   The redemption of shares purchased at net asset value under the Large Order 
  NAV Purchase Privilege (see "Choosing a Share Class - Class A shares") may
    be subject to a contingent deferred sales charge of 1.00% if redeemed within
    12 months of purchase and 0.50% if redeemed within the following six months.

3   This fee is charged on all applicable redemptions or exchanges. Please see  
  "Policies You Should Know About - Policies about transactions" for further
information.                                                            

4   Restated on an annualized basis to reflect fee changes that took effect on  
June 11, 2007. Includes 0.10% administration fee.                       

5   Through November 30, 2010, the Advisor has contractually agreed to waive all
  or a portion of its management fee and reimburse or pay operating expenses
  of the fund to the extent necessary to maintain the fund's total operating
  expenses at 1.28%, 2.03% and 2.03%, respectively, for Class A, Class B and
  Class C shares, excluding certain expenses such as extraordinary expenses,
taxes, brokerage and interest.                                          

20 | DWS International Fund                                                     

P-->49721st Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 21st
Based on the costs above (including one year of capped expenses in the "1 Year" 
period and three years of capped expenses in each of the "3 Years," "5 Years"   
and "10 Years" periods for Class B shares), this example helps you compare this 
fund's expenses to those of other mutual funds. This example assumes the        
expenses above remain the same and that you invested $10,000, earned 5% annual  
returns and reinvested all dividends and distributions at the end of each       
period. This is only an example; actual expenses will be different.             

                                                                [Download Table]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXAMPLE               1 YEAR      3 YEARS      5 YEARS      10 YEARS            
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                
 EXPENSES, assuming you sold your shares at the end of each period              
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Class A shares        $693         $943       $1,212       $1,978              
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Class B shares         606          937        1,320        2,001              
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Class C shares         303          627        1,078        2,327              
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 EXPENSES, assuming you kept your shares                                        
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Class A shares        $693         $943       $1,212       $1,978              
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Class B shares         206          637        1,120        2,001              
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Class C shares         203          627        1,078        2,327              
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                                    DWS International Fund  | 21

P-->49722nd Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 22nd
OTHER POLICIES AND RISKS                                                        

      While the previous pages describe the main points of each fund's
     strategy and risks, there are a few other issues to know about:

        -  Although major changes tend to be infrequent, each fund's Board
      could change a fund's investment objective without seeking
shareholder approval.                               

      -  As a temporary defensive measure, each fund could shift up to
           100% of assets into investments such as money market securities
            and DWS International Fund could shift up to 100% of assets into
             US or Canadian money market securities This could prevent losses,
             but, while engaged in a temporary defensive position, a fund will
   not be pursuing its investment goal. However, portfolio
         management may choose not to use these strategies for various
reasons, even in volatile market conditions.        

For more information                                      

    This prospectus doesn't tell you about every policy or risk of
investing in each fund.                                   

          If you want more information on each fund's allowable securities and
         investment practices and the characteristics and risks of each one,
   you may want to request a copy of the Statement of Additional
Information (the back cover tells you how to do this).    

          Keep in mind that there is no assurance that a fund will achieve its
goal.                                                     

       A complete list of each fund's portfolio holdings is posted as of
        the month-end on www.dws-scudder.com (the Web site does not form a
        part of this prospectus) on or after the last day of the following
          month. This posted information generally remains accessible at least
         until the date on which a fund files its Form N-CSR or N-Q with the
Securities and Exchange                                   
      Commission for the period that includes the date as of which the
     posted information is current. In addition, each fund's top ten
equity holdings and other fund information is posted on   
        www.dws-scudder.com as of the calendar quarter-end on or after the
         15th day following quarter-end. Each fund's Statement of Additional
 Information includes a description of a fund's policies and
     procedures with respect to the disclosure of a fund's portfolio
holdings.                                                 

22 | Other Policies and Risks                                                   

P-->49723rd Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 23rd
WHO MANAGES AND OVERSEES THE FUNDS                                              

The investment advisor                                    

 Deutsche Investment Management Americas Inc. ("DIMA" or the
    "Advisor"), with headquarters at 345 Park Avenue, New York, NY
10154, is the investment advisor for each fund. Under the oversight
          of the Board, the Advisor makes investment decisions, buys and sells
        securities for each fund and conducts research that leads to these
       purchase and sale decisions. The Advisor provides a full range of
     global investment advisory services to institutional and retail
clients.                                                  

    DWS Scudder is part of Deutsche Asset Management, which is the
     marketing name in the US for the asset management activities of
          Deutsche Bank AG, DIMA, Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas and DWS
Trust Company.                                            

         Deutsche Asset Management is a global asset management organization
    that offers a wide range of investing expertise and resources,
         including hundreds of portfolio managers and analysts and an office
     network that reaches the world's major investment centers. This
      well-resourced global investment platform brings together a wide
     variety of experience and investment insight across industries,
regions, asset classes and investing styles.              

          The Advisor is an indirect, wholly owned subsidiary of Deutsche Bank
        AG. Deutsche Bank AG is a major global banking institution that is
         engaged in a wide range of financial services, including investment
       management, mutual funds, retail, private and commercial banking,
investment banking and insurance.                         

     MANAGEMENT FEE. The Advisor receives a management fee from each
     fund. Below are the actual rates paid by each fund for the most
          recent fiscal year, as a percentage of each fund's average daily net
assets.                                                   

                                                                [Download Table]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
FUND NAME                                 FEE PAID                              
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                
  DWS Global Thematic Fund                  0.84%                               
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  DWS International Fund                    0.58%                               
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                        Who Manages and Oversees the Funds  | 23

P-->49724th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 24th
      Effective June 11, 2007, DWS International Fund pays the Advisor
       under the investment management agreement a fee, calculated daily
          and paid monthly, at the annual rate of 0.565% of the fund's average
  daily net assets up to $2.5 billion, 0.545% of the next $2.5
   billion, 0.525% of the next $5 billion, 0.515% of the next $5
billion and 0.465% thereafter.                            

       A discussion regarding the basis for the Board's approval of each
     fund's investment management agreement is contained in the most
          recent shareholder reports for the semi-annual period ended February
28 (see "Shareholder reports" on the back cover).         

          Under a separate administrative services agreement between each fund
       and the Advisor, each fund pays the Advisor for providing most of
each fund's administrative services.                      

24 | Who Manages and Oversees the Funds                                         

P-->49725th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 25th
Portfolio management                                                            

The following person handles the day-to-day management of DWS Global Thematic   
Fund.                                                                           

DWS GLOBAL THEMATIC FUND                                                        

Oliver Kratz                                                                    
Managing Director of Deutsche Asset Management and Lead Manager of the fund.    

-   Joined Deutsche Asset Management in 1996, having since served as portfolio  
manager for European Equity Fund and Global Emerging Markets analyst for
  International Equity Fund, after two years of experience at Merrill Lynch,
Brown Brothers Harriman and McKinsey & Co.; authored Frontier Emerging  
Markets Securities Price Behavior and Valuation; Kluwers Academic       
Publishers, 1999; member of Budapest Stock Exchange Advisory Board.     
-   Head of Global Thematic Equity; Co-Head of Global Agribusiness; Lead        
Portfolio Manager Global Thematic Strategy: New York.                   
-   Joined the fund in 2003.                                                    
-   BA, Tufts University and Karlova Universidad, Prague; MALD, Ph.D, The       
Fletcher School, administered jointly by Harvard University and Tufts   
University.                                                             

The following person handles the day-to-day management of DWS International     
Fund.                                                                           

DWS INTERNATIONAL FUND                                                          

Matthias Knerr, CFA                                                             
Director, Deutsche Asset Management and Portfolio Manager of the fund.          

-   Joined Deutsche Asset Management in 1995 and the fund in 2004.              
-   Portfolio manager for International Equities.                               
-   BS, Pennsylvania State University.                                          

Each fund's Statement of Additional Information provides additional information 
about a portfolio manager's investments in each fund, a description of the      
portfolio management compensation structure and information regarding other     
accounts managed.                                                               

                                        Who Manages and Oversees the Funds  | 25

P-->49726th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 26th
FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS                                                            

The financial highlights are designed to help you understand recent financial   
performance. The figures in the first part of each table are for a single       
share. The total return figures represent the percentage that an investor in a  
fund would have earned (or lost), assuming all dividends and distributions were 
reinvested. This information has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP,    
independent registered public accounting firm, whose report, along with each    
fund's financial statements, is included in each fund's annual report (see      
"Shareholder reports" on the back cover).                                       

DWS Global Thematic Fund - Class A                                              

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

YEARS ENDED AUGUST 31,                          2007          2006          2005           2004          2003        
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

SELECTED PER SHARE DATA                                                                                              
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
NET ASSET VALUE, BEGINNING OF PERIOD          $35.02      $  29.60       $ 22.81       $  20.42      $  18.76        
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Income (loss) from investment                                                                                        
operations:                                                                                                          
  Net investment income (loss) a                 .30 d         .19           .13            .00*          .12        
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Net realized and unrealized gain                                                                                   
  (loss)                                        6.60          7.63          6.66           2.65          1.69        
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  TOTAL FROM INVESTMENT OPERATIONS              6.90          7.82          6.79           2.65          1.81        
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Less distributions from:                                                                                             
  Net investment income                         (.11)       (  .11)            -         (  .26)       (  .15)       
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Net realized gains                          ( 6.00)       ( 2.29)            -              -             -        
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  TOTAL DISTRIBUTIONS                          (6.11)       ( 2.40)            -         (  .26)       (  .15)       
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Redemption fees                                  .00*          .00*          .00*             -             -        
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
NET ASSET VALUE, END OF PERIOD                $35.81      $  35.02       $ 29.60       $  22.81      $  20.42        
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total Return (%) b                             21.19 d       27.65         29.77 c        12.99 c        9.75        
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
RATIOS TO AVERAGE NET ASSETS AND SUPPLEMENTAL DATA                                                                   
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net assets, end of period ($ millions)           560           119            26             17            15        
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Ratio of expenses before expense                                                                                     
reductions (%)                                  1.40          1.56          1.76           1.77          1.66        
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Ratio of expenses after expense                                                                                      
reductions (%)                                  1.40          1.56          1.70           1.69          1.66        
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Ratio of net investment income                                                                                       
(loss) (%)                                       .85 d             .62       .51            .04           .66        
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Portfolio turnover rate (%)                      151           143            54             81            55        
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

a   Based on average shares outstanding during the period.                      

b   Total return does not reflect the effect of any sales charges.              

c   Total return would have been lower had certain expenses not been reduced.   

d   Includes non-recurring income from the Advisor recorded as a result of an   
administrative proceeding regarding disclosure of brokerage allocation  
  practices in connection with sales of DWS Scudder Funds. The non-recurring
   income resulted in an increase of net investment income of $0.003 per share
 and an increase in the ratio of net investment income of 0.01%. Excluding
this non-recurring income, total return would have been 0.003% lower.   

*   Amount is less than $.005.                                                  

26 | Financial Highlights                                                       

P-->49727th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 27th
DWS Global Thematic Fund - Class B                                              

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

YEARS ENDED AUGUST 31,                           2007           2006           2005           2004          2003     
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

SELECTED PER SHARE DATA                                                                                              
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
NET ASSET VALUE, BEGINNING OF PERIOD           $34.50        $ 29.35       $  22.79       $  20.40       $ 18.73     
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Income (loss) from investment                                                                                        
operations:                                                                                                          
  Net investment income (loss) a                  .00 d*        (.10)        (  .07)        (  .18)       (  .03)    
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Net realized and unrealized gain                                                                                   
  (loss)                                         6.47           7.54           6.63           2.65          1.70     
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  TOTAL FROM INVESTMENT OPERATIONS               6.47           7.44           6.56           2.47          1.67     
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Less distributions from:                                                                                             
  Net investment income                              -             -              -         (  .08)       (  .00)*   
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Net realized gains                            (6.00)         (2.29)             -              -             -     
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  TOTAL DISTRIBUTIONS                           (6.00)         (2.29)             -         (  .08)       (  .00)*   
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Redemption fees                                   .00*           .00*           .00*             -             -     
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
NET ASSET VALUE, END OF PERIOD                $ 34.97        $ 34.50       $  29.35       $  22.79       $ 20.40     
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total Return (%) b                              20.21 d        26.42 c        28.78 c        12.21 c        8.93     
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
RATIOS TO AVERAGE NET ASSETS AND SUPPLEMENTAL DATA                                                                   
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net assets, end of period ($ millions)             41             14              7              8             9     
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Ratio of expenses before expense                                                                                     
reductions (%)                                   2.27           2.61           2.69           2.58          2.45     
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Ratio of expenses after expense                                                                                      
reductions (%)                                   2.27           2.49           2.47           2.47          2.45     
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Ratio of net investment income                                                                                       
(loss) (%)                                      ( .02) d        (.31)        (  .26)        (  .74)       (  .13)    
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Portfolio turnover rate (%)                       151            143             54             81            55     
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

a   Based on average shares outstanding during the period.                      

b   Total return does not reflect the effect of any sales charges.              

c   Total return would have been lower had certain expenses not been reduced.   

d   Includes non-recurring income from the Advisor recorded as a result of an   
administrative proceeding regarding disclosure of brokerage allocation  
  practices in connection with sales of DWS Scudder Funds. The non-recurring
   income resulted in an increase of net investment income of $0.003 per share
 and an increase in the ratio of net investment income of 0.01%. Excluding
this non-recurring income, total return would have been 0.003% lower.   

*   Amount is less than $.005.                                                  

                                                      Financial Highlights  | 27

P-->49728th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 28th
DWS Global Thematic Fund - Class C                                              

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

YEARS ENDED AUGUST 31,                           2007            2006          2005            2004           2003         
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

SELECTED PER SHARE DATA                                                                                                    
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
NET ASSET VALUE, BEGINNING OF PERIOD           $34.55       $  29.35        $ 22.79        $  20.39       $  18.73         
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Income (loss) from investment                                                                                              
operations:                                                                                                                
  Net investment income (loss) a                  .04 d         (.06)         ( .07)         (  .16)        (  .02)        
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Net realized and unrealized gain                                                                                         
  (loss)                                         6.48           7.55           6.63            2.64           1.69         
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  TOTAL FROM INVESTMENT OPERATIONS               6.52           7.49           6.56            2.48           1.67         
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Less distributions from:                                                                                                   
  Net investment income                             -              -              -          (  .08)        (  .01)        
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Net realized gains                            (6.00)        ( 2.29)             -               -              -         
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  TOTAL DISTRIBUTIONS                           (6.00)        ( 2.29)             -          (  .08)        (  .01)        
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Redemption fees                                   .00*           .00*           .00*              -              -         
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
NET ASSET VALUE, END OF PERIOD                 $35.07       $  34.55        $ 29.35        $  22.79       $  20.39         
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total Return (%) b                              20.31 d        26.64          28.78 c         12.23 c         8.91         
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
RATIOS TO AVERAGE NET ASSETS AND SUPPLEMENTAL DATA                                                                         
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net assets, end of period ($ millions)            223             39              5               5              5         
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Ratio of expenses before expense                                                                                           
reductions (%)                                   2.16           2.33           2.62            2.56           2.44         
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Ratio of expenses after expense                                                                                            
reductions (%)                                   2.16           2.33           2.47            2.46           2.44         
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Ratio of net investment income                                                                                             
(loss) (%)                                        .09 d         (.15)         ( .26)         (  .73)        (  .12)        
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Portfolio turnover rate (%)                       151            143             54              81             55         
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

a   Based on average shares outstanding during the period.                      

b   Total return does not reflect the effect of any sales charges.              

c   Total return would have been lower had certain expenses not been reduced.   

d   Includes non-recurring income from the Advisor recorded as a result of an   
administrative proceeding regarding disclosure of brokerage allocation  
  practices in connection with sales of DWS Scudder Funds. The non-recurring
   income resulted in an increase of net investment income of $0.003 per share
 and an increase in the ratio of net investment income of 0.01%. Excluding
this non-recurring income, total return would have been 0.003% lower.   

*   Amount is less than $.005.                                                  

28 | Financial Highlights                                                       

P-->49729th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 29th
DWS Global Thematic Fund - Class R                                              

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

YEARS ENDED AUGUST 31,                                  2007              2006             2005              2004 a    
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

SELECTED PER SHARE DATA                                                                                                
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
NET ASSET VALUE, BEGINNING OF PERIOD                 $  34.98         $  29.63         $  22.89         $   21.69      
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Income (loss) from investment                                                                                          
operations:                                                                                                            
  Net investment income (loss) b                          .20 d                .12          .06               .02      
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Net realized and unrealized gain (loss)                6.62             7.62             6.68              1.37      
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  TOTAL FROM INVESTMENT OPERATIONS                       6.82             7.74             6.74              1.39      
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Less distributions from:                                                                                               
  Net investment income                                (  .02)          (  .10)               -            (  .19)     
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Net realized gains on investment                                                                                     
  transactions                                         ( 6.00)          ( 2.29)               -                 -      
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  TOTAL DISTRIBUTIONS                                  ( 6.02)          ( 2.39)               -            (  .19)     
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Redemption fees                                           .00***           .00***           .00***              -      
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
NET ASSET VALUE, END OF PERIOD                       $  35.78         $  34.98         $  29.63         $   22.89      
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total Return (%)                                        20.91 d          27.37            29.45 c            6.38 c**  
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
RATIOS TO AVERAGE NET ASSETS AND SUPPLEMENTAL DATA                                                                     
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net assets, end of period ($ millions)                      7                4                1                .5      
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Ratio of expenses before expense                                                                                       
reductions (%)                                           1.68             1.79             2.27              1.87*     
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Ratio of expenses after expense                                                                                        
reductions (%)                                           1.68             1.79             1.96              1.82*     
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Ratio of net investment income                                                                                         
(loss) (%)                                                .57 d            .39              .25               .13*     
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Portfolio turnover rate (%)                               151              143               54                81      
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

a   For the period from November 3, 2003 (commencement of operations of Class R 
shares) to August 31, 2004.                                             

b   Based on average shares outstanding during the period.                      

c   Total return would have been lower had certain expenses not been reduced.   

d   Includes non-recurring income from the Advisor recorded as a result of an   
administrative proceeding regarding disclosure of brokerage allocation  
  practices in connection with sales of DWS Scudder Funds. The non-recurring
   income resulted in an increase of net investment income of $0.003 per share
 and an increase in the ratio of net investment income of 0.01%. Excluding
this non-recurring income, total return would have been 0.006% lower.   

*   Annualized                                                                  

**   Not annualized                                                             

***   Amount is less than $.005.                                                

                                                      Financial Highlights  | 29

P-->49730th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 30th
DWS International Fund - Class A                                                

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

YEARS ENDED AUGUST 31,                             2007            2006           2005           2004           2003      
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

SELECTED PER SHARE DATA                                                                                                   
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
NET ASSET VALUE, BEGINNING OF PERIOD           $  57.01        $  47.44       $  37.86       $  33.18       $  32.35      
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Income (loss) from investment                                                                                             
operations:                                                                                                               
  Net investment income (loss) a                    .77 e          1.13 d          .56            .16            .26      
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Net realized and unrealized gain                                                                                        
  (loss)                                          11.05            9.31           9.48           4.82            .79      
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  TOTAL FROM INVESTMENT OPERATIONS                11.82           10.44          10.04           4.98           1.05      
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Less distributions from:                                                                                                  
  Net investment income                          ( 1.66)         (  .87)        (  .46)        (  .30)        (  .22)     
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Redemption fees*                                    .00             .00            .00            .00            .00      
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
NET ASSET VALUE, END OF PERIOD                 $  67.17        $  57.01       $  47.44       $  37.86       $  33.18      
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total Return (%) b                                21.03 c         22.24 c        26.63          15.06           3.28      
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
RATIOS TO AVERAGE NET ASSETS AND SUPPLEMENTAL DATA                                                                        
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net assets, end of period ($ millions)              308             241            219            192            204      
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Ratio of expenses before expense                                                                                          
reductions (%)                                     1.24            1.32           1.33           1.55           1.49      
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Ratio of expenses after expense                                                                                           
reductions (%)                                     1.24            1.30           1.33           1.55           1.49      
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Ratio of net investment income                                                                                            
(loss) (%)                                         1.21 e          2.16 d         1.28            .41            .84      
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Portfolio turnover rate (%)                         104              76             57             82            104      
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

a   Based on average shares outstanding during the period.                      

b   Total return does not reflect the effect of any sales charges.              

c   Total return would have been lower had certain expenses not been reduced.   

d   Net investment income per share and the ratio of net investment income      
    include non-recurring dividend income amounting to $0.51 per share and 0.98%
of average daily net assets, respectively.                              

e   Net investment income per share and the ratio of net investment income      
    include non-recurring dividend income amounting to $0.31 per share and 0.49%
of average daily net assets, respectively.                              

*   Amount is less than $.005.                                                  

30 | Financial Highlights                                                       

P-->49731st Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 31st
DWS International Fund - Class B                                                

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

YEARS ENDED AUGUST 31,                           2007            2006            2005            2004           2003        
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

SELECTED PER SHARE DATA                                                                                                     
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
NET ASSET VALUE, BEGINNING OF PERIOD           $56.18        $  46.74        $  37.36        $  32.74       $  31.95        
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Income (loss) from investment                                                                                               
operations:                                                                                                                 
  Net investment income (loss) a                  .23 e           .51 d           .13          (  .14)           .03        
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Net realized and unrealized gain                                                                                          
  (loss)                                        10.89            9.26            9.31            4.77            .76        
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  TOTAL FROM INVESTMENT OPERATIONS              11.12            9.77            9.44            4.63            .79        
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Less distributions from:                                                                                                    
  Net investment income                          (.98)         (  .33)         (  .06)         (  .01)             -        
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Redemption fees*                                  .00             .00             .00             .00            .00        
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
NET ASSET VALUE, END OF PERIOD                 $66.32        $  56.18        $  46.74        $  37.36       $  32.74        
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total Return (%) b                              20.01 c         20.92 c         25.21 c         14.19 c         2.47        
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
RATIOS TO AVERAGE NET ASSETS AND SUPPLEMENTAL DATA                                                                          
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net assets, end of period ($ millions)             29              28              33              40             47        
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Ratio of expenses before expense                                                                                            
reductions (%)                                   2.16            2.42            2.62            2.49           2.27        
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Ratio of expenses after expense                                                                                             
reductions (%)                                   2.14            2.35            2.37            2.37           2.27        
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Ratio of net investment income                                                                                              
(loss) (%)                                        .31 e           1.00 d          .24          (  .41)           .06        
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Portfolio turnover rate (%)                       104              76              57              82            104        
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

a   Based on average shares outstanding during the period.                      

b   Total return does not reflect the effect of any sales charges.              

c   Total return would have been lower had certain expenses not been reduced.   

d   Net investment income per share and the ratio of net investment income      
    include non-recurring dividend income amounting to $0.51 per share and 0.98%
of average daily net assets, respectively.                              

e   Net investment income per share and the ratio of net investment income      
    include non-recurring dividend income amounting to $0.31 per share and 0.49%
of average daily net assets, respectively.                              

*   Amount is less than $.005.                                                  

                                                      Financial Highlights  | 31

P-->49732nd Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 32nd
DWS International Fund - Class C                                                

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

YEARS ENDED AUGUST 31,                           2007            2006           2005            2004           2003        
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

SELECTED PER SHARE DATA                                                                                                    
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
NET ASSET VALUE, BEGINNING OF PERIOD           $56.22        $  46.74       $  37.35        $  32.74       $  31.94        
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Income (loss) from investment                                                                                              
operations:                                                                                                                
  Net investment income (loss) a                  .30 e           .67 d          .18          (  .14)           .03        
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Net realized and unrealized gain                                                                                         
  (loss)                                        10.90            9.21           9.32            4.76            .77        
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  TOTAL FROM INVESTMENT OPERATIONS              11.20            9.88           9.50            4.62            .80        
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Less distributions from:                                                                                                   
  Net investment income                         (1.13)         (  .40)        (  .11)         (  .01)             -        
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Redemption fees*                                  .00             .00            .00             .00            .00        
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
NET ASSET VALUE, END OF PERIOD                 $66.29        $  56.22       $  46.74        $  37.35       $  32.74        
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total Return (%) b                              20.10 c         21.26          25.44           14.17 c         2.50        
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
RATIOS TO AVERAGE NET ASSETS AND SUPPLEMENTAL DATA                                                                         
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net assets, end of period ($ millions)             32              23             22              22             22        
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Ratio of expenses before expense                                                                                           
reductions (%)                                   2.01            2.11           2.24            2.38           2.26        
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Ratio of expenses after expense                                                                                            
reductions (%)                                   2.01            2.11           2.24            2.36           2.26        
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Ratio of net investment income                                                                                             
(loss) (%)                                        .44 e          1.31 d          .37          (  .40)           .07        
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Portfolio turnover rate (%)                       104              76             57              82            104        
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

a   Based on average shares outstanding during the period.                      

b   Total return does not reflect the effect of any sales charges.              

c   Total return would have been lower had certain expenses not been reduced.   

d   Net investment income per share and the ratio of net investment income      
    include non-recurring dividend income amounting to $0.51 per share and 0.98%
of average daily net assets, respectively.                              

e   Net investment income per share and the ratio of net investment income      
    include non-recurring dividend income amounting to $0.31 per share and 0.49%
of average daily net assets, respectively.                              

*   Amount is less than $.005.                                                  

32 | Financial Highlights                                                       

P-->49733rd Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 33rd
HOW TO INVEST IN THE FUNDS 

The following pages tell you how to invest in a fund and what to expect as a    
shareholder. If you're investing directly with DWS Scudder, all of this         
information applies to you.                                                     

The following pages also tell you about many of the services, choices and       
benefits of being a shareholder. You'll also find information on how to check   
the status of your account using the method that's most convenient for you.     

If you're investing through a "third party provider" - for example, a workplace 
retirement plan, financial supermarket or financial advisor - your provider may 
have its own policies or instructions and you should follow those.              

You can find out more about the topics covered here by speaking with your       
FINANCIAL ADVISOR OR A REPRESENTATIVE OF YOUR WORKPLACE RETIREMENT PLAN OR      
OTHER INVESTMENT PROVIDER.                                                      

P-->49734th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 34th
CHOOSING A SHARE CLASS 

Offered in this prospectus are the share classes noted on the front cover. Each 
class has its own fees and expenses, offering you a choice of cost structures.  
Each fund may offer other classes of shares in a separate prospectus. These     
shares are intended for investors seeking the advice and assistance of a        
financial advisor, who will typically receive compensation for those services.  
Class R shares are only available to participants in certain retirement plans.  

Before you invest, take a moment to look over the characteristics of each share 
class, so that you can be sure to choose the class that's right for you. You    
may want to ask your financial advisor to help you with this decision.          

We describe each share class in detail on the following pages. But first, you   
may want to look at the table below, which gives you a brief comparison of the  
main features of each class.                                                    

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 CLASSES AND FEATURES                           POINTS TO HELP YOU COMPARE                        
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 CLASS A                                                                                          
 -  Sales charge of up to 5.75% charged         -  Some investors may be able to reduce           
    when you buy shares                            or eliminate their sales charge; see           
                                                   "Class A shares"                               
 -  In most cases, no charge when you                                                             
    sell shares                                 -  Total annual expenses are lower than           
                                                   those for Class B or Class C                   
 -  Up to 0.25% annual shareholder                                                                
    servicing fee                                                                                 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 CLASS B                                                                                          
 -  No sales charge when you buy shares         -  The deferred sales charge rate falls to        
                                                   zero after six years                           
 -  Deferred sales charge declining from                                                          
    4.00%, charged when you sell shares         -  Shares automatically convert to                
    you bought within the last six years           Class A after six years, which means           
                                                   lower annual expenses going forward            
 -  0.75% annual distribution fee and up                                                          
    to 0.25% annual shareholder servicing                                                         
    fee                                                                                           
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 CLASS C                                                                                          
 -  No sales charge when you buy shares         -  The deferred sales charge rate for one         
                                                   year is lower for Class C shares than          
 -  Deferred sales charge of 1.00%,                Class B shares, but your shares never          
    charged when you sell shares you               convert to Class A, so annual expenses         
    bought within the last year                    remain higher                                  

 -  0.75% annual distribution fee and up                                                          
    to 0.25% annual shareholder servicing                                                         
    fee                                                                                           
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 CLASS R                                                                                          
 -  No sales charges when you buy or sell       -  Class R is only available to participants      
    shares                                         in certain retirement plans                    

 -  0.25% annual distribution fee and up                                                          
    to 0.25% annual shareholder servicing                                                         
    fee                                                                                           
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

34 | Choosing a Share Class                                                     

P-->49735th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 35th
      Your financial advisor will typically be paid a fee when you buy
       shares and may receive different levels of compensation depending
     upon which class of shares you buy. Each fund may pay financial
         advisors or other intermediaries compensation for the services they
       provide to their clients. This compensation may vary depending on
          the fund you buy or the class of shares of a fund that you buy. Your
      financial advisor may also receive compensation from the Advisor
       and/or its affiliates, please see "Financial intermediary support
payments."

Class A shares                                            

       Class A shares may make sense for long-term investors, especially
      those who are eligible for a reduced or eliminated sales charge.

 Class A shares have a 12b-1 plan, under which a shareholder
     servicing fee of up to 0.25% is deducted from class assets each
          year. Because the shareholder servicing fee is continuous in nature,
          it may, over time, increase the cost of your investment and may cost
you more than paying other types of sales charges.        

       Class A shares have an up-front sales charge that varies with the
amount you invest:                                        

                                                                [Download Table]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                              FRONT-END SALES          FRONT-END SALES          
                                CHARGE AS %          CHARGE AS % OF YOUR        
YOUR INVESTMENT            OF OFFERING PRICE 1,2        NET INVESTMENT 2        
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                
Up to $50,000                   5.75%                     6.10%                 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
$50,000-$99,999                 4.50                      4.71                  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
$100,000-$249,999               3.50                      3.63                  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
$250,000-$499,999               2.60                      2.67                  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
$500,000-$999,999               2.00                      2.04                  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
$1 million or more            see below                see below                
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

1   The offering price includes the sales charge.         

       2   Because of rounding in the calculation of the offering price,
          the actual front-end sales charge paid by an investor may be
higher or lower than the percentages noted.       

YOU MAY BE ABLE TO LOWER YOUR CLASS A SALES CHARGE IF:    

         -  you plan to invest at least $50,000 in Class A shares (including
             Class A shares in other retail DWS funds) over the next 24 months
("Letter of Intent")                                

                                                    Choosing a Share Class  | 35

P-->49736th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 36th
        -  the amount of Class A shares you already own (including Class A
    shares in other retail DWS funds) plus the amount you're
            investing now in Class A shares is at least $50,000 ("Cumulative
Discount")                                          

          -  you are investing a total of $50,000 or more in Class A shares of
           several retail DWS funds on the same day ("Combined Purchases")

       The point of these three features is to let you count investments
   made at other times or in certain other funds for purposes of
     calculating your present sales charge. Any time you can use the
    privileges to "move" your investment into a lower sales charge
category, it's generally beneficial for you to do so.     

        For purposes of determining whether you are eligible for a reduced
         Class A sales charge, you and your immediate family (your spouse or
       life partner and your children or stepchildren age 21 or younger)
     may aggregate your investments in the DWS family of funds. This
         includes, for example, investments held in a retirement account, an
        employee benefit plan or at a financial advisor other than the one
        handling your current purchase. These combined investments will be
      valued at their current offering price to determine whether your
current investment qualifies for a reduced sales charge.  

      To receive a reduction in your Class A initial sales charge, you
         must let your financial advisor or Shareholder Services know at the
         time you purchase shares that you qualify for such a reduction. You
       may be asked by your financial advisor or Shareholder Services to
       provide account statements or other information regarding related
      accounts of you or your immediate family in order to verify your
eligibility for a reduced sales charge.                   

     For more information about sales charge discounts, please visit
        www.dws-scudder.com (click on the link entitled "Fund Sales Charge
       and Breakpoint Schedule"), consult with your financial advisor or
         refer to the section entitled "Purchase or Redemption of Shares" in
each fund's Statement of Additional Information.          

     IN CERTAIN CIRCUMSTANCES, YOU MAY BE ABLE TO BUY CLASS A SHARES
          WITHOUT A SALES CHARGE. For example, the sales charge will be waived
     if you are reinvesting dividends or distributions or if you are
       exchanging an investment in Class A shares of another fund in the
        DWS family of funds for an investment in Class A shares of a fund.
In addition, a sales charge waiver may                    

36 | Choosing a Share Class                                                     

P-->49737th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 37th
         apply to transactions by certain retirement plans and certain other
      entities or persons (e.g., affiliated persons of DeAM or the DWS
       funds) and with respect to certain types of investments (e.g., an
          investment advisory or agency commission program under which you pay
a fee to an investment advisor or other firm for portfolio
management or brokerage services).                        

          Details regarding the types of investment programs and categories of
       investors eligible for a sales charge waiver are provided in each
fund's Statement of Additional Information.               

        There are a number of additional provisions that apply in order to
          be eligible for a sales charge waiver. Each fund may waive the sales
      charge for investors in other situations as well. Your financial
        advisor or Shareholder Services can answer your questions and help
you determine if you are eligible.                        

     IF YOU'RE INVESTING $1 MILLION OR MORE, either as a lump sum or
         through one of the sales charge reduction features described above,
      you may be eligible to buy Class A shares without a sales charge
         ("Large Order NAV Purchase Privilege"). However, you may be charged
          a contingent deferred sales charge (CDSC) of 1.00% on any shares you
        sell within 12 months of owning them and a similar charge of 0.50%
      on shares you sell within the following six months. This CDSC is
       waived under certain circumstances (see "Policies You Should Know
About"). Your financial advisor or Shareholder Services can answer
your questions and help you determine if you're eligible. 

Class B shares                                            

         Class B shares may make sense for long-term investors who prefer to
      see all of their investment go to work right away and can accept
       somewhat higher annual expenses. Please note, however, that since
     not all DWS funds offer Class B shares, exchange options may be
limited.                                                  

      With Class B shares, you pay no up-front sales charge to a fund.
         Class B shares have a 12b-1 plan, under which a distribution fee of
       0.75% and a shareholder servicing fee of up to 0.25% are deducted
     from class assets each year. This means the annual expenses for
Class B shares are somewhat higher (and their performance 
        correspondingly lower) compared to Class A shares. However, unlike
Class A shares, your entire investment                    

                                                    Choosing a Share Class  | 37

P-->49738th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 38th
goes to work immediately. After six years, Class B shares 
        automatically convert on a tax-free basis to Class A shares, which
         has the net effect of lowering the annual expenses from the seventh
year on.                                                  

         Class B shares have a CDSC. This charge declines over the years you
        own shares and disappears completely after six years of ownership.
    But for any shares you sell within those six years, you may be
charged as follows:                                       

                                                                [Download Table]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    YEAR AFTER YOU BOUGHT SHARES               CDSC ON SHARES YOU SELL          
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                
  First year                                            4.00%                   
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Second or third year                                  3.00                    
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Fourth or fifth year                                  2.00                    
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Sixth year                                            1.00                    
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Seventh year and later               None (automatic conversion to Class A)   
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

        This CDSC is waived under certain circumstances (see "Policies You
Should Know About"). Your financial advisor or Shareholder Services
          can answer your questions and help you determine if you're eligible.

       While Class B shares don't have any front-end sales charge, their
      higher annual expenses mean that over the years you could end up
        paying more than the equivalent of the maximum allowable front-end
sales charge.                                             

         If you are thinking of making a large purchase in Class B shares or
      if you already own a large amount of Class A shares of a fund or
        other DWS funds, it may be more cost efficient to purchase Class A
      shares instead. Orders to purchase Class B shares of $100,000 or
      more will be declined with the exception of orders received from
        financial representatives acting for clients whose shares are held
   in an omnibus account and certain employer-sponsored employee
      benefit plans. You should consult with your financial advisor to
determine which class of shares is appropriate for you.   

38 | Choosing a Share Class                                                     

P-->49739th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 39th
Class C shares                                            

         Class C shares may appeal to investors who plan to sell some or all
   of their shares within six years of buying them or who aren't
certain of their investment time horizon.                 

      With Class C shares, you pay no up-front sales charge to a fund.
         Class C shares have a 12b-1 plan, under which a distribution fee of
       0.75% and a shareholder servicing fee of up to 0.25% are deducted
    from class assets each year. Because of these fees, the annual
         expenses for Class C shares are similar to those of Class B shares,
      but higher than those for Class A shares (and the performance of
  Class C shares is correspondingly lower than that of Class A
shares).                                                  

        Unlike Class B shares, Class C shares do NOT automatically convert
        to Class A shares after six years, so they continue to have higher
annual expenses.                                          

        Class C shares have a CDSC, but only on shares you sell within one
year of buying them:                                      

                                                                [Download Table]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   YEAR AFTER YOU BOUGHT SHARES        CDSC ON SHARES YOU SELL                  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                
  First year                                    1.00%                           
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Second year and later                         None                            
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

        This CDSC is waived under certain circumstances (see "Policies You
Should Know About"). Your financial advisor or Shareholder Services
          can answer your questions and help you determine if you're eligible.

      While Class C shares do not have an up-front sales charge, their
        higher annual expenses mean that, over the years, you could end up
       paying more than the equivalent of the maximum allowable up-front
sales charge.                                             

   Orders to purchase Class C shares of $500,000 or more will be
   declined with the exception of orders received from financial
    representatives acting for clients whose shares are held in an
     omnibus account and certain employer-sponsored employee benefit
plans.                                                    

                                                    Choosing a Share Class  | 39

P-->49740th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 40th
Class R shares                                            

   Class R shares have no initial sales charge or deferred sales
          charge. Class R shares have a 12b-1 plan, under which a distribution
     fee of 0.25% and a shareholder servicing fee of up to 0.25% are
         deducted from class assets each year. Because distribution fees are
        continuous in nature, these fees may, over time, increase the cost
         of your investment and may cost you more than paying other types of
sales charges.                                            

Eligibility requirements                                  

       YOU MAY BUY CLASS R SHARES IF you are a participant in any of the
following types of employer-sponsored plans that offer    
Class R shares of the fund:                               

-  All section 401(a) and 457 plans                       

-  Certain section 403(b)(7) plans                        

   -  401(k), profit sharing, money purchase pension and defined
benefit plans                                       

-  Non-qualified deferred compensation plans              

40 | Choosing a Share Class                                                     

P-->49741st Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 41st
How to BUY Class A, B and C Shares                                              

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 FIRST INVESTMENT                              ADDITIONAL INVESTMENTS                    
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                         
 $1,000 or more for regular accounts           $50 or more for regular accounts and      
 $500 or more for IRAs                         IRA accounts                              
 $500 or more with an Automatic                $50 or more with an Automatic             
 Investment Plan                               Investment Plan                           
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 THROUGH A FINANCIAL ADVISOR                                                             
 -  Contact your advisor using the             -  Contact your advisor using the         
    method that's most convenient for you         method that's most convenient for you  
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 BY MAIL OR EXPRESS MAIL (SEE BELOW)                                                     
 -  Fill out and sign an application           -  Send a check made out to "DWS          
                                                  Scudder" and a DWS Scudder             
 -  Send it to us at the appropriate              investment slip to us at the           
    address, along with an investment             appropriate address below              
    check                                                                                
                                               -  If you don't have an investment slip,  
                                                  simply include a letter with your      
                                                  name, account number, the full name    
                                                  of the fund and the share class and    
                                                  your investment instructions           
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 BY WIRE                                                                                 
 -  Call (800) 621-1048 for instructions       -  Call (800) 621-1048 for instructions   
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 BY PHONE                                                                                
 Not available                                 -  Call (800) 621-1048 for instructions   
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 WITH AN AUTOMATIC INVESTMENT PLAN                                                       
 -  Fill in the application and include a      -  Call (800) 621-1048 for instructions   
    voided check                                                                         
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 USING QuickBuy                                                                          
 Not available                                 -  Call (800) 621-1048 to make sure       
                                                  QuickBuy is set up on your account; if 
                                                  it is, you can request a transfer from 
                                                  your bank account of any amount        
                                                  between $50 and $250,000               
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 ON THE INTERNET                                                                         
 Not available                                 -  Go to www.dws-scudder.com and          
                                                  register                               

                                               -  Follow the instructions for buying     
                                                  shares with money from your bank       
                                                  account                                
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
REGULAR MAIL:                                                                   

First Investment: DWS Scudder, PO Box 219356, Kansas City, MO 64121-9356        
Additional Investments: DWS Scudder, PO Box 219154, Kansas City, MO 64121-9154
EXPRESS, REGISTERED OR CERTIFIED MAIL:                                          
DWS Scudder, 210 West 10th Street, Kansas City, MO 64105-1614                   

                                        How to Buy Class A, B and C Shares  | 41

P-->49742nd Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 42nd
How to EXCHANGE or SELL Class A, B and C Shares                                 

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  
 EXCHANGING INTO ANOTHER FUND                   SELLING SHARES                             
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  
                                                                                           
 -  Exchanges into existing accounts:          Some transactions, including most for       
    $50 minimum per fund                       over $100,000, can only be ordered in       
                                               writing with a signature guarantee;         
 -  Exchanges into new accounts:               please see "Signature Guarantee"            
    $1,000 minimum per fund                                                                
    $500 minimum for IRAs                                                                  
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  
 THROUGH A FINANCIAL ADVISOR                                                               
 -  Contact your advisor by the method         -  Contact your advisor by the method       
    that's most convenient for you                that's most convenient for you           
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  
 BY PHONE OR WIRE                                                                          
 -  Call (800) 621-1048 for instructions       -  Call (800) 621-1048 for instructions     
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  
 BY MAIL OR EXPRESS MAIL                                                                   
 (see previous page for address)                                                           
 Write a letter that includes:                 Write a letter that includes:               

 -  the fund, class and account number         -  the fund, class and account number       
    you're exchanging out of                      from which you want to sell shares       

 -  the dollar amount or number of shares      -  the dollar amount or number of shares    
    you want to exchange                          you want to sell                         

 -  the name and class of the fund you         -  your name(s), signature(s) and           
    want to exchange into                         address, as they appear on your          
                                                  account                                  
 -  your name(s), signature(s) and                                                         
    address, as they appear on your            -  a daytime telephone number               
    account                                                                                

 -  a daytime telephone number                                                             
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  
 WITH AN AUTOMATIC EXCHANGE PLAN                WITH AN AUTOMATIC WITHDRAWAL PLAN          
 -  To set up regular exchanges from a         -  Call (800) 621-1048 (minimum $50)        
    fund account, call (800) 621-1048                                                      
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  
 USING QuickSell                                                                           
 Not available                                 -  Call (800) 621-1048 to make sure         
                                                  QuickSell is set up on your account; if  
                                                  it is, you can request a transfer to your
                                                  bank account of any amount between       
                                                  $50 and $250,000                         
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  
 ON THE INTERNET                                                                           
 -  Register at www.dws-scudder.com            -  Register at www.dws-scudder.com          
    and log in and then follow the                and log in and then follow the           
    instructions for making on-line               instructions for making on-line          
    exchanges                                     redemptions                              
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                                                [Download Table]
                                                                               
TO REACH US:  WEB SITE: www.dws-scudder.com                                    
              TELEPHONE REPRESENTATIVE: (800) 621-1048, M-F, 9 a.m. - 6 p.m. ET
              TDD LINE: (800) 972-3006, M-F, 9 a.m. - 6 p.m. ET                

42 | How to Exchange or Sell Class A, B and C Shares                            

P-->49743rd Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 43rd
How to BUY and SELL Class R Shares                                              

       If your plan sponsor has selected Class R shares as an investment
          option, you may buy Class R shares through your securities dealer or
      through any financial institution that is authorized to act as a
         shareholder servicing agent ("financial advisor"). Contact them for
        details on how to enter and pay for your order. Financial advisors
          include brokers, financial representatives or any other bank, dealer
         or other institution that has a sub-shareholder servicing agreement
      with the funds. Financial advisors may charge additional fees to
  investors for those services not otherwise included in their
         sub-distribution or servicing agreement, such as cash management or
        special trust or retirement investment reporting. In addition, the
    Advisor or administrator may provide compensation to financial
         advisors for distribution, administrative and promotional services.

      There are no minimum investments with respect to Class R shares.

  Instructions for buying and selling shares must generally be
         submitted by your employer-sponsored plan, not by plan participants
          for whose benefit the shares are held. Please contact your financial
 advisor for more information on how to open a fund account.

Financial intermediary support payments                   

     The Advisor, DWS Scudder Distributors, Inc. (the "Distributor")
     and/or their affiliates may pay additional compensation, out of
       their own assets and not as an additional charge to each fund, to
          selected affiliated and unaffiliated brokers, dealers, participating
       insurance companies or other financial intermediaries ("financial
        advisors") in connection with the sale and/or distribution of fund
         shares or the retention and/or servicing of fund investors and fund
      shares ("revenue sharing"). Such revenue sharing payments are in
         addition to any distribution or service fees payable under any Rule
         12b-1 or service plan of each fund, any record keeping/sub-transfer
        agency/networking fees payable by each fund (generally through the
    Distributor or an affiliate) and/or the Distributor to certain
   financial advisors for performing such services and any sales
        charges, commissions, non-cash compensation arrangements expressly
permitted under applicable rules of the Financial Industry
          Regulatory Authority ("FINRA") or other concessions described in the
fee                                                       

                                        How to Buy and Sell Class R Shares  | 43

P-->49744th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 44th
          table or elsewhere in this prospectus or the Statement of Additional
        Information as payable to all financial advisors. For example, the
     Advisor, the Distributor and/or their affiliates may compensate
          financial advisors for providing a fund with "shelf space" or access
        to a third party platform or fund offering list or other marketing
       programs, including, without limitation, inclusion of the fund on
     preferred or recommended sales lists, mutual fund "supermarket"
         platforms and other formal sales programs; granting the Distributor
 access to the financial advisor's sales force; granting the
   Distributor access to the financial advisor's conferences and
  meetings; assistance in training and educating the financial
          advisor's personnel; and obtaining other forms of marketing support.

          The level of revenue sharing payments made to financial advisors may
        be a fixed fee or based upon one or more of the following factors:
        gross sales, current assets and/or number of accounts of each fund
        attributable to the financial advisor, the particular fund or fund
         type or other measures as agreed to by the Advisor, the Distributor
and/or their affiliates and the financial advisors or any 
          combination thereof. The amount of these revenue sharing payments is
         determined at the discretion of the Advisor, the Distributor and/or
        their affiliates from time to time, may be substantial, and may be
       different for different financial advisors based on, for example,
   the nature of the services provided by the financial advisor.

         The Advisor, the Distributor and/or their affiliates currently make
       revenue sharing payments from their own assets in connection with
      the sale and/or distribution of DWS Fund shares or the retention
    and/or servicing of investors and DWS Fund shares to financial
      advisors in amounts that generally range from .01% up to .50% of
  assets of each fund serviced and maintained by the financial
     advisor, .10% to .25% of sales of each fund attributable to the
     financial advisor, a flat fee of $12,500 up to $500,000, or any
     combination thereof. These amounts are subject to change at the
         discretion of the Advisor, the Distributor and/or their affiliates.
Receipt of, or the prospect of receiving, this additional 
        compensation may influence your financial advisor's recommendation
     of each fund or of any particular share class of each fund. You
    should review your financial advisor's compensation disclosure
         and/or talk to your financial advisor to obtain more information on
        how this compensation may have influenced your financial advisor's
         recommendation of each fund. Additional information regarding these
revenue sharing                                           

44 | How to Buy and Sell Class R Shares                                         

P-->49745th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 45th
 payments is included in each fund's Statement of Additional
         Information, which is available to you on request at no charge (see
      the back cover of this prospectus for more information on how to
 request a copy of the Statement of Additional Information).

        The Advisor, the Distributor and/or their affiliates may also make
         such revenue sharing payments to financial advisors under the terms
     discussed above in connection with the distribution of both DWS
       funds and non-DWS funds by financial advisors to retirement plans
   that obtain record keeping services from ADP, Inc. on the DWS
        Scudder branded retirement plan platform (the "Platform") with the
          level of revenue sharing payments being based upon sales of both the
     DWS funds and the non-DWS funds by the financial advisor on the
      Platform or current assets of both the DWS funds and the non-DWS
   funds serviced and maintained by the financial advisor on the
Platform.                                                 

          It is likely that broker-dealers that execute portfolio transactions
       for each fund will include firms that also sell shares of the DWS
      funds to their customers. However, the Advisor will not consider
sales of DWS fund shares as a factor in the selection of  
         broker-dealers to execute portfolio transactions for the DWS funds.
      Accordingly, the Advisor has implemented policies and procedures
          reasonably designed to prevent its traders from considering sales of
       DWS fund shares as a factor in the selection of broker-dealers to
    execute portfolio transactions for each fund. In addition, the
        Advisor, the Distributor and/or their affiliates will not use fund
 brokerage to pay for their obligation to provide additional
compensation to financial advisors as described above.    

POLICIES YOU SHOULD KNOW ABOUT 

          Along with the information on the previous pages, the policies below
        may affect you as a shareholder. Some of this information, such as
       the section on distributions and taxes, applies to all investors,
including those investing through a financial advisor.    

                                            Policies You Should Know About  | 45

P-->49746th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 46th
   If you are investing through a financial advisor or through a
       retirement plan, check the materials you received from them about
         how to buy and sell shares because particular financial advisors or
        other intermediaries may adopt policies, procedures or limitations
          that are separate from those described by a fund. Please note that a
        financial advisor may charge fees separate from those charged by a
fund and may be compensated by a fund.                    

          Keep in mind that the information in this prospectus applies only to
     the shares offered herein. Other share classes are described in
     separate prospectuses and have different fees, requirements and
services.                                                 

          In order to reduce the amount of mail you receive and to help reduce
         expenses, we generally send a single copy of any shareholder report
         and prospectus to each household. If you do not want the mailing of
         these documents to be combined with those for other members of your
    household, please contact your financial advisor or call (800)
621-1048.                                                 

Policies about transactions                               

         EACH FUND IS OPEN FOR BUSINESS each day the New York Stock Exchange
        is open. Each fund calculates its share price for each class every
      business day, as of the close of regular trading on the New York
     Stock Exchange (typically 4:00 p.m. Eastern time, but sometimes
          earlier, as in the case of scheduled half-day trading or unscheduled
    suspensions of trading). You can place an order to buy or sell
shares at any time.                                       

     To help the government fight the funding of terrorism and money
laundering activities, federal law requires all financial 
institutions to obtain, verify and record information that
          identifies each person who opens an account. What this means to you:
        When you open an account, we will ask for your name, address, date
        of birth and other information that will allow us to identify you.
         Some or all of this information will be used to verify the identity
of all persons opening an account.                        

          We might request additional information about you (which may include
         certain documents, such as articles of incorporation for companies)
         to help us verify your identity and, in some cases, the information
       and/or documents may be required to conduct the verification. The
  information and documents will be used solely to verify your
identity.                                                 

46 | Policies You Should Know About                                             

P-->49747th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 47th
   We will attempt to collect any missing required and requested
        information by contacting you or your financial advisor. If we are
          unable to obtain this information within the time frames established
  by each fund, then we may reject your application and order.

    Each fund will not invest your purchase until all required and
     requested identification information has been provided and your
          application has been submitted in "good order." After we receive all
         the information, your application is deemed to be in good order and
       we accept your purchase, you will receive the net asset value per
share next calculated, less any applicable sales charge.  

 If we are unable to verify your identity within time frames
       established by each fund, after a reasonable effort to do so, you
will receive written notification.                        

      With certain limited exceptions, only US residents may invest in
each fund.                                                

         Because orders placed through a financial advisor must be forwarded
        to the transfer agent before they can be processed, you'll need to
         allow extra time. Your financial advisor should be able to tell you
approximately when your order will be processed. It is the
       responsibility of your financial advisor to forward your order to
the transfer agent in a timely manner.                    

IRA ROLLOVERS. You may complete a direct rollover from an 
          employer-sponsored plan offering Class R shares to an IRA account by
       reinvesting up to the full amount of your distribution in Class A
        shares of any DWS fund at net asset value. Subsequent purchases of
 Class A shares will be made at the public offering price as
         described in the prospectus for Class A shares. Please note that if
        you terminate your participation in an employer-sponsored plan and
         transfer all of your Class R shares, you will lose the privilege of
         purchasing Class R shares in the future. Rollovers to a DWS Class R
share IRA are not permitted.                              

         INITIAL PURCHASE. The minimum initial investment for Class A, B and
          C shares is $1,000, except for investments on behalf of participants
    in certain fee-based and wrap programs offered through certain
          financial intermediaries approved by the Advisor, for which there is
    no minimum initial investment; and IRAs, for which the minimum
initial investment is $500 per account. The               

                                            Policies You Should Know About  | 47

P-->49748th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 48th
        minimum initial investment is $500 per account if you establish an
         automatic investment plan. Group retirement plans and certain other
        accounts have similar or lower minimum share balance requirements.

         SUB-MINIMUM BALANCES. Each fund may close your account and send you
          the proceeds if your balance falls below $1,000 ($250 for retirement
      accounts and $500 for accounts with an Automatic Investment Plan
      funded with $50 or more per month in subsequent investments). We
        will give you 60 days' notice (90 days for retirement accounts) so
       you can either increase your balance or close your account (these
         policies don't apply to investors with $100,000 or more in DWS fund
      shares, investors in certain fee-based and wrap programs offered
          through certain financial intermediaries approved by the Advisor, or
    group retirement plans and certain other accounts having lower
minimum share balance requirements).                      

       SUBSEQUENT INVESTMENTS. The minimum subsequent investment is $50.
        However, there is no minimum investment requirement for subsequent
        investments in Class A shares on behalf of participants in certain
   fee-based and wrap programs offered through certain financial
intermediaries approved by the Advisor.                   

MARKET TIMING POLICIES AND PROCEDURES. Short-term and excessive
         trading of fund shares may present risks to long-term shareholders,
including potential dilution in the value of fund shares, 
      interference with the efficient management of a fund's portfolio
     (including losses on the sale of investments), taxable gains to
       remaining shareholders and increased brokerage and administrative
    costs. These risks may be more pronounced if a fund invests in
          certain securities, such as those that trade in foreign markets, are
 illiquid or do not otherwise have "readily available market
          quotations." Certain investors may seek to employ short-term trading
      strategies aimed at exploiting variations in portfolio valuation
        that arise from the nature of the securities held by a fund (e.g.,
  "time zone arbitrage"). Each fund discourages short-term and
        excessive trading and has adopted policies and procedures that are
    intended to detect and deter short-term and excessive trading.

         Pursuant to its policies, each fund will impose a 2% redemption fee
  on fund shares held for less than a specified holding period
      (subject to certain exceptions discussed below under "Redemption
fees"). Each fund also reserves the right to reject or cancel a
purchase or exchange order for any reason without prior   

48 | Policies You Should Know About                                             

P-->49749th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 49th
          notice. For example, a fund may in its discretion reject or cancel a
          purchase or an exchange order even if the transaction is not subject
         to the specific roundtrip transaction limitation described below if
the Advisor believes that there appears to be a pattern of
        short-term or excessive trading activity by a shareholder or deems
      any other trading activity harmful or disruptive to a fund. Each
fund, through its Advisor and Transfer Agent, will measure
 short-term and excessive trading by the number of roundtrip
  transactions within a shareholder's account during a rolling
  12-month period. A "roundtrip" transaction is defined as any
combination of purchase and redemption activity (including
    exchanges) of the same fund's shares. Each fund may take other
          trading activity into account if a fund believes such activity is of
          an amount or frequency that may be harmful to long-term shareholders
or disruptive to portfolio management.                    

         Shareholders are limited to four roundtrip transactions in the same
     DWS Fund (excluding money market funds) over a rolling 12-month
          period. Shareholders with four or more roundtrip transactions in the
      same DWS Fund within a rolling 12-month period generally will be
          blocked from making additional purchases of, or exchanges into, that
       DWS Fund. Each fund has sole discretion whether to remove a block
         from a shareholder's account. The rights of a shareholder to redeem
 shares of a DWS Fund are not affected by the four roundtrip
        transaction limitation, but all redemptions remain subject to each
   fund's redemption fee policy (see "Redemption fees" described
below).                                                   

         The Advisor may make exceptions to the roundtrip transaction policy
          for certain types of transactions if in its opinion the transactions
         do not represent short-term or excessive trading or are not abusive
   or harmful to a fund, such as, but not limited to, systematic
transactions, required minimum retirement distributions,  
        transactions initiated by a fund or administrator and transactions
by certain qualified fund-of-fund(s).                     

       In certain circumstances where shareholders hold shares of a fund
  through a financial intermediary, the fund may rely upon the
      financial intermediary's policy to deter short-term or excessive
       trading if the Advisor believes that the financial intermediary's
         policy is reasonably designed to detect and deter transactions that
         are not in the best interests of a fund. A financial intermediary's
policy relating to short-term or excessive trading        

                                            Policies You Should Know About  | 49

P-->49750th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 50th
     may be more or less restrictive than the DWS Funds' policy, may
 permit certain transactions not permitted by the DWS Funds'
      policies, or prohibit transactions not subject to the DWS Funds'
policies.                                                 

The Advisor may also accept undertakings from a financial 
         intermediary to enforce short-term or excessive trading policies on
    behalf of a fund that provide a substantially similar level of
      protection for each fund against such transactions. For example,
     certain financial intermediaries may have contractual, legal or
          operational restrictions that prevent them from blocking an account.
     In such instances, the financial intermediary may use alternate
         techniques that the Advisor considers to be a reasonable substitute
for such a block.                                         

          In addition, if a fund invests some portion of its assets in foreign
          securities, it has adopted certain fair valuation practices intended
        to protect the fund from "time zone arbitrage" with respect to its
          foreign securities holdings and other trading practices that seek to
          exploit variations in portfolio valuation that arise from the nature
      of the securities held by a fund. (See "How each fund calculates
share price.")                                            

      There is no assurance that these policies and procedures will be
          effective in limiting short-term and excessive trading in all cases.
      For example, the Advisor may not be able to effectively monitor,
   detect or limit short-term or excessive trading by underlying
     shareholders that occurs through omnibus accounts maintained by
   broker-dealers or other financial intermediaries. The Advisor
        reviews trading activity at the omnibus level to detect short-term
     or excessive trading. If the Advisor has reason to suspect that
        short-term or excessive trading is occurring at the omnibus level,
    the Advisor will contact the financial intermediary to request
       underlying shareholder level activity. Depending on the amount of
         fund shares held in such omnibus accounts (which may represent most
     of a fund's shares) short-term and/or excessive trading of fund
        shares could adversely affect long-term shareholders in a fund. If
          short-term or excessive trading is identified, the Advisor will take
appropriate action.                                       

          Each fund's market timing policies and procedures may be modified or
terminated at any time.                                   

REDEMPTION FEES. Each fund imposes a redemption fee of 2% of the
     total redemption amount (calculated at net asset value, without
       regard to the effect of any contingent deferred sales charge; any
contingent deferred sales charge is also assessed         

50 | Policies You Should Know About                                             

P-->49751st Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 51st
        on the total redemption amount without regard to the assessment of
     the 2% redemption fee) on all fund shares redeemed or exchanged
         within 15 days of buying them (either by purchase or exchange). The
     redemption fee is paid directly to each fund and is designed to
        encourage long-term investment and to offset transaction and other
         costs associated with short-term or excessive trading. For purposes
        of determining whether the redemption fee applies, shares held the
          longest time will be treated as being redeemed first and shares held
the shortest time will be treated as being redeemed last. 

      The redemption fee is applicable to fund shares purchased either
directly or through a financial intermediary, such as a   
  broker-dealer. Transactions through financial intermediaries
      typically are placed with a fund on an omnibus basis and include
      both purchase and sale transactions placed on behalf of multiple
          investors. These purchase and sale transactions are generally netted
        against one another and placed on an aggregate basis; consequently
        the identities of the individuals on whose behalf the transactions
         are placed generally are not known to a fund. For this reason, each
     fund has undertaken to notify financial intermediaries of their
         obligation to assess the redemption fee on customer accounts and to
  collect and remit the proceeds to each fund. However, due to
        operational requirements, the intermediaries' methods for tracking
          and calculating the fee may be inadequate or differ in some respects
         from each fund's. Subject to approval by the Advisor or each fund's
         Board, intermediaries who transact business on an omnibus basis may
      implement the redemption fees according to their own operational
      guidelines (which may be different than the funds' policies) and
remit the fees to the funds.                              

   The redemption fee will not be charged in connection with the
        following exchange or redemption transactions: (i) transactions on
    behalf of participants in certain research wrap programs; (ii)
        transactions on behalf of participants in certain group retirement
     plans and financial intermediaries whose processing systems are
     incapable of properly applying the redemption fee to underlying
    shareholders; (iii) transactions on behalf of a shareholder to
  return any excess IRA contributions to the shareholder; (iv)
          transactions on behalf of a shareholder to effect a required minimum
      distribution on an IRA; (v) transactions on behalf of any mutual
     fund advised by the Advisor and its affiliates (e.g., "funds of
          funds") or, in the case of a master/feeder relationship, redemptions
by the feeder fund from the master portfolio; (vi)        

                                            Policies You Should Know About  | 51

P-->49752nd Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 52nd
 transactions on behalf of certain unaffiliated mutual funds
        operating as funds of funds; (vii) transactions following death or
   disability of any registered shareholder, beneficial owner or
       grantor of a living trust with respect to shares purchased before
        death or disability; (viii) transactions involving hardship of any
registered shareholder; (ix) systematic transactions with 
      pre-defined trade dates for purchases, exchanges or redemptions,
    such as automatic account rebalancing, or loan origination and
         repayments; (x) transactions involving shares purchased through the
         reinvestment of dividends or other distributions; (xi) transactions
        involving shares transferred from another account in the same fund
          or converted from another class of the same fund (the redemption fee
        period will carry over to the acquired shares); (xii) transactions
     initiated by a fund or administrator (e.g., redemptions for not
   meeting account minimums, to pay account fees funded by share
      redemptions, or in the event of the liquidation or merger of the
    fund); or (xiii) transactions in cases when there are legal or
      contractual limitations or restrictions on the imposition of the
         redemption fee (as determined by a fund or its agents in their sole
       discretion). It is the policy of the DWS funds to permit approved
      fund platform providers to execute transactions within the funds
       without the imposition of a redemption fee if such providers have
         implemented alternative measures that are determined by the Advisor
      to provide controls on short-term and excessive trading that are
comparable to the DWS funds' policies.                    

   THE AUTOMATED INFORMATION LINE IS AVAILABLE 24 HOURS A DAY BY
         CALLING (800) 621-1048. You can use our automated phone services to
          get information on DWS funds generally and on accounts held directly
         at DWS Scudder. You can also use this service to make exchanges and
sell shares.                                              

     QUICKBUY AND QUICKSELL let you set up a link between a DWS fund
          account and a bank account. Once this link is in place, you can move
       money between the two with a phone call. You'll need to make sure
         your bank has Automated Clearing House (ACH) services. Transactions
       take two to three days to be completed and there is a $50 minimum
      and a $250,000 maximum. To set up QuickBuy or QuickSell on a new
    account, see the account application; to add it to an existing
account, call (800) 621-1048.                             

THE FOLLOWING SIDEBAR TEXT APPEARS NEXT TO THE PRECEDING PARAGRAPHS             

The DWS Scudder Web site can be a valuable resource for shareholders with       
Internet access. Go to WWW.DWS-SCUDDER.COM to get up-to-date information, review
balances or even place orders for exchanges.                                    

52 | Policies You Should Know About                                             

P-->49753rd Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 53rd
TELEPHONE AND ELECTRONIC TRANSACTIONS. Generally, you are 
    automatically entitled to telephone and electronic transaction
       privileges, but you may elect not to have them when you open your
          account or by contacting Shareholder Services at (800) 621-1048 at a
later date.                                               

Since many transactions may be initiated by telephone or  
          electronically, it's important to understand that as long as we take
    reasonable steps to ensure that an order to purchase or redeem
shares is genuine, such as recording calls or requesting  
  personalized security codes or other information, we are not
responsible for any losses that may occur as a result. For
         transactions conducted over the Internet, we recommend the use of a
          secure Internet browser. In addition, you should verify the accuracy
         of your confirmation statements immediately after you receive them.

  EACH FUND DOES NOT ISSUE SHARE CERTIFICATES. However, if you
      currently have shares in certificated form, you must include the
   share certificates properly endorsed or accompanied by a duly
       executed stock power when exchanging or redeeming shares. You may
       not exchange or redeem shares in certificate form by telephone or
via the Internet.                                         

          WHEN YOU ASK US TO SEND OR RECEIVE A WIRE, please note that while we
          don't charge a fee to send or receive wires, it's possible that your
         bank may do so. Wire transactions are generally completed within 24
       hours. Each fund can only send wires of $1,000 or more and accept
wires of $50 or more.                                     

       EACH FUND ACCEPTS PAYMENT FOR SHARES ONLY IN US DOLLARS by check,
         bank or Federal Funds wire transfer or by electronic bank transfer.
 Please note that a fund does not accept cash, money orders,
          traveler's checks, starter checks, third party checks (except checks
      for retirement plan asset transfers and rollovers or for Uniform
    Gifts to Minors Act/Uniform Transfers to Minors Act accounts),
   checks drawn on foreign banks or checks issued by credit card
 companies or Internet-based companies. Thus, subject to the
          foregoing exceptions for certain third party checks, checks that are
    otherwise permissible must be drawn by the account holder on a
domestic bank and must be payable to a fund.              

SIGNATURE GUARANTEE. When you want to sell more than $100,000 worth
      of shares or send proceeds to a third party or to a new address,
      you'll usually need to place your order in writing and include a
signature guarantee. However, if you want money           

THE FOLLOWING SIDEBAR TEXT APPEARS NEXT TO THE PRECEDING PARAGRAPHS             

If you ever have difficulty placing an order by phone or Internet, you can send 
us your order in writing.                                                       

                                            Policies You Should Know About  | 53

P-->49754th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 54th
        wired to a bank account that is already on file with us, you don't
  need a signature guarantee. Also, generally you don't need a
         signature guarantee for an exchange, although we may require one in
certain other circumstances.                              

         A signature guarantee is simply a certification of your signature -
 a valuable safeguard against fraud. You can get a signature
 guarantee from an eligible guarantor institution, including
          commercial banks, savings and loans, trust companies, credit unions,
member firms of a national stock exchange or any member or
       participant of an approved signature guarantor program. Note that
          you can't get a signature guarantee from a notary public and we must
be provided the original guarantee.                       

   SELLING SHARES OF TRUST ACCOUNTS AND BUSINESS OR ORGANIZATION
      ACCOUNTS may require additional documentation. Please call (800)
      621-1048 or contact your financial advisor for more information.

       WHEN YOU SELL SHARES THAT HAVE A CDSC, we calculate the CDSC as a
        percentage of what you paid for the shares or what you are selling
 them for - whichever results in the lower charge to you. In
       processing orders to sell shares, the shares with the lowest CDSC
       are sold first. Exchanges from one fund into another don't affect
    CDSCs; for each investment you make, the date you first bought
      shares is the date we use to calculate a CDSC on that particular
investment.                                               

     There are certain cases in which you may be exempt from a CDSC.
These include:                                            

       -  the death or disability of an account owner (including a joint
             owner). This waiver applies only under certain conditions. Please
     contact your financial advisor or Shareholder Services to
determine if the conditions exist                   

      -  withdrawals made through an automatic withdrawal plan up to a
         maximum of 12% per year of the net asset value of the account

   -  withdrawals related to certain retirement or benefit plans

      -  redemptions for certain loan advances, hardship provisions or
 returns of excess contributions from retirement plans

          -  for Class A shares purchased through the Large Order NAV Purchase
         Privilege, redemption of shares whose dealer of record at the
           time of the investment notifies the Distributor that the dealer
waives the applicable commission                    

54 | Policies You Should Know About                                             

P-->49755th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 55th
     -  for Class C shares, redemption of shares purchased through a
      dealer-sponsored asset allocation program maintained on an
            omnibus record-keeping system, provided the dealer of record has
         waived the advance of the first year distribution and service
         fees applicable to such shares and has agreed to receive such
fees quarterly                                      

         In each of these cases, there are a number of additional provisions
          that apply in order to be eligible for a CDSC waiver. Your financial
        advisor or Shareholder Services can answer your questions and help
you determine if you are eligible.                        

         IF YOU SELL SHARES IN A DWS FUND AND THEN DECIDE TO INVEST WITH DWS
        SCUDDER AGAIN WITHIN SIX MONTHS, you may be able to take advantage
         of the "reinstatement feature." With this feature, you can put your
          money back into the same class of a DWS fund at its current NAV and,
     for purposes of a sales charge, it will be treated as if it had
never left DWS Scudder.                                   

        You'll be reimbursed (in the form of fund shares) for any CDSC you
        paid when you sold. Future CDSC calculations will be based on your
          original investment date, rather than your reinstatement date. There
       is also an option that lets investors who sold Class B shares buy
       Class A shares (if available) with no sales charge, although they
      won't be reimbursed for any CDSC they paid. You can only use the
       reinstatement feature once for any given group of shares. To take
     advantage of this feature, contact Shareholder Services or your
financial advisor.                                        

         MONEY FROM SHARES YOU SELL is normally sent out within one business
    day of when your order is processed (not when it is received),
        although it could be delayed for up to seven days. There are other
        circumstances when it could be longer: When you are selling shares
        you bought recently by check (redemption proceeds from such a sale
 are unavailable until the check has cleared), when you make
        purchases by ACH (the funds will be placed under a 10 calendar day
         hold to ensure good funds) or when unusual circumstances prompt the
         SEC to allow further delays. Certain expedited redemption processes
        may also be delayed when you are selling recently purchased shares
   or in the event of closing of the Federal Reserve Bank's wire
          payment system. In addition, each fund reserves the right to suspend
or postpone redemptions as permitted pursuant to          
     Section 22(e) of the Investment Company Act of 1940. Generally,
    those circumstances are when 1) the New York Stock Exchange is
closed other than customary weekend or holiday            

                                            Policies You Should Know About  | 55

P-->49756th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 56th
        closings; 2) trading on the New York Stock Exchange is restricted;
         3) an emergency exists which makes the disposal of securities owned
      by a fund or the fair determination of the value of a fund's net
         assets not reasonably practicable; or 4) the SEC, by order, permits
       the suspension of the right of redemption. Redemption payments by
       wire may also be delayed in the event of a non-routine closure of
    the Federal Reserve wire payment system. For additional rights
  reserved by each fund, please see "Other rights we reserve."

         You may obtain additional information about other ways to sell your
shares by contacting your financial advisor.              

How each fund calculates share price                      

     To calculate net asset value, or NAV, each share class uses the
following equation:                                       

                                                                [Download Table]

     TOTAL ASSETS - TOTAL LIABILITIES                
-----------------------------------------    =    NAV
    TOTAL NUMBER OF SHARES OUTSTANDING               

        The price at which you buy shares is the NAV, although for Class A
         shares it will be adjusted to allow for any applicable sales charge
        (see "Choosing a Share Class"). The price at which you sell shares
       is also the NAV, although a CDSC may be taken out of the proceeds
(see "Choosing a Share Class").                           

       EACH FUND CHARGES A REDEMPTION FEE EQUAL TO 2.00% of the value of
         shares redeemed or exchanged within 15 days of purchase. Please see
 "Policies about transactions - Redemption fees" for further
information.                                              

     WE TYPICALLY VALUE SECURITIES USING INFORMATION FURNISHED BY AN
          INDEPENDENT PRICING SERVICE OR MARKET QUOTATIONS, WHERE APPROPRIATE.
       However, we may use methods approved by a fund's Board, such as a
         fair valuation model, which are intended to reflect fair value when
      pricing service information or market quotations are not readily
         available or when a security's value or a meaningful portion of the
     value of a fund's portfolio is believed to have been materially
     affected by a significant event, such as a natural disaster, an
economic event like a bankruptcy filing, or a substantial 
          fluctuation in domestic or foreign markets that has occurred between
  the close of the exchange or market on which the security is
        principally traded (for example, a foreign exchange or market) and
        the close of the New York Stock Exchange. In such a case, a fund's
value for a security is likely to                         

56 | Policies You Should Know About                                             

P-->49757th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 57th
       be different from the last quoted market price or pricing service
         information. In addition, due to the subjective and variable nature
         of fair value pricing, it is possible that the value determined for
   a particular asset may be materially different from the value
          realized upon such asset's sale. It is expected that the greater the
          percentage of fund assets that is invested in non-US securities, the
        more extensive will be a fund's use of fair value pricing. This is
       intended to reduce a fund's exposure to "time zone arbitrage" and
       other harmful trading practices. (See "Market timing policies and
procedures.")                                             

     TO THE EXTENT THAT A FUND INVESTS IN SECURITIES THAT ARE TRADED
          PRIMARILY IN FOREIGN MARKETS, the value of its holdings could change
        at a time when you aren't able to buy or sell fund shares. This is
      because some foreign markets are open on days or at times when a
          fund doesn't price its shares. (Note that prices for securities that
          trade on foreign exchanges can change significantly on days when the
       New York Stock Exchange is closed and you cannot buy or sell fund
        shares. Price changes in the securities a fund owns may ultimately
affect the price of fund shares the next time the NAV is  
calculated.)                                              

Other rights we reserve                                   

You should be aware that we may do any of the following:  

-  withdraw or suspend the offering of shares at any time 

         -  withhold a portion of your distributions and redemption proceeds
          as federal income tax if we have been notified by the IRS that
           you are subject to backup withholding or if you fail to provide
           us with a correct taxpayer ID number and certain certifications
        or certification that you are exempt from backup withholding

  -  reject a new account application if you don't provide any
           required or requested identifying information, or for any other
reason                                              

                                            Policies You Should Know About  | 57

P-->49758th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 58th
         -  refuse, cancel, limit or rescind any purchase or exchange order,
             without prior notice; freeze any account (meaning you will not be
          able to purchase fund shares in your account); suspend account
          services; and/or involuntarily redeem your account if we think
    that the account is being used for fraudulent or illegal
             purposes; one or more of these actions will be taken when, at our
             sole discretion, they are deemed to be in a fund's best interests
             or when a fund is requested or compelled to do so by governmental
authority or by applicable law                      

         -  close and liquidate your account if we are unable to verify your
      identity, or for other reasons; if we decide to close your
             account, your fund shares will be redeemed at the net asset value
      per share next calculated after we determine to close your
             account (less any applicable sales charge or redemption fee); you
       may recognize a gain or loss on the redemption of your fund
shares and incur a tax liability                    

        -  pay you for shares you sell by "redeeming in kind," that is, by
         giving you securities (which typically will involve brokerage
           costs for you to liquidate) rather than cash, but which will be
       taxable to the same extent as a redemption for cash; a fund
          generally won't make a redemption in kind unless your requests
            over a 90-day period total more than $250,000 or 1% of the value
of a fund's net assets, whichever is less           

   -  change, add or withdraw various services, fees and account
             policies (for example, we may adjust a fund's investment minimums
at any time)                                        

58 | Policies You Should Know About                                             

P-->49759th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 59th
UNDERSTANDING DISTRIBUTIONS AND TAXES                                           

          Each fund intends to distribute to its shareholders virtually all of
          its net earnings. Each fund can earn money in two ways: by receiving
         interest, dividends or other income from securities it holds and by
     selling securities for more than it paid for them. (Each fund's
       earnings are separate from any gains or losses stemming from your
      own purchase and sale of shares.) Each fund may not always pay a
dividend or distribution for a given period.              

         EACH FUND INTENDS TO PAY DISTRIBUTIONS to its shareholders annually
          in November or December, and, if necessary, may do so at other times
as well.                                                  

          Dividends or distributions declared to shareholders of record in the
          last quarter of a given calendar year are treated for federal income
        tax purposes as if they were received on December 31 of that year,
         provided such dividends or distributions are paid by the end of the
following January.                                        

For federal income tax purposes, income and capital gains 
 distributions are generally taxable. However, dividends and
   distributions received by retirement plans qualifying for tax
   exemption under federal income tax laws generally will not be
taxable.                                                  

         YOU CAN CHOOSE HOW TO RECEIVE YOUR DIVIDENDS AND DISTRIBUTIONS. You
         can have them all automatically reinvested in fund shares (at NAV),
       all deposited directly to your bank account or all sent to you by
        check, have one type reinvested and the other sent to you by check
        or have them invested in a different fund. Tell us your preference
   on your application. If you don't indicate a preference, your
         dividends and distributions will all be reinvested in shares of the
    fund without a sales charge (if applicable). Distributions are
          treated the same for federal income tax purposes whether you receive
them in cash or reinvest them in additional shares. For   
employer-sponsored qualified plans, and retirement plans, 
reinvestment (at NAV) is the only option.                 

         BUYING, SELLING OR EXCHANGING FUND SHARES WILL USUALLY HAVE FEDERAL
   INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES FOR YOU (except in employer-sponsored
        qualified plans, IRAs or other tax-advantaged accounts). Your sale
of shares may result in a capital                         

THE FOLLOWING SIDEBAR TEXT APPEARS NEXT TO THE PRECEDING PARAGRAPHS             

Because each shareholder's tax situation is unique, ask your tax professional   
about the tax consequences of your investments, including any state and local   
tax consequences.                                                               

                                     Understanding Distributions and Taxes  | 59

P-->49760th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 60th
    gain or loss. The gain or loss will be long-term or short-term
    depending on how long you owned the shares that were sold. For
       federal income tax purposes, an exchange is treated the same as a
sale.                                                     

        THE FEDERAL INCOME TAX STATUS of a fund's earnings you receive and
your own fund transactions generally depend on their type:

                                                                [Download Table]

------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
GENERALLY TAXED AT LONG-TERM                    GENERALLY TAXED AT ORDINARY     
CAPITAL GAIN RATES:                             INCOME RATES:                   
------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 

DISTRIBUTIONS FROM A FUND                                                       
- gains from the sale of                        -  gains from the sale of       
  securities held (or treated as                   securities held by a fund for
  held) by a fund for more than                    one year or less             
  one year                                                                      
                                                -  all other taxable income     
- qualified dividend income                                                     
------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
TRANSACTIONS INVOLVING FUND SHARES                                              

- gains from selling fund                       -  gains from selling fund      
  shares held for more than                        shares held for one year or  
  one year                                         less                         
------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 

   ANY DIRECT INVESTMENTS IN FOREIGN SECURITIES BY A FUND MAY BE
        SUBJECT TO FOREIGN WITHHOLDING TAXES. In that case, a fund's yield
     on those securities would generally be decreased. Each fund may
         elect to pass through to its shareholders a credit or deduction for
          foreign taxes it has paid if at the end of its year more than 50% of
a fund's total assets are stocks or securities of foreign 
         corporations. In addition, any investments in foreign securities or
        foreign currencies may increase or accelerate a fund's recognition
          of ordinary income and may affect the timing or amount of the fund's
       distributions. If you invest in a fund through a taxable account,
your after-tax return could be negatively impacted.       

      To the extent that a fund invests in certain debt obligations or
   certain other securities, investments in these obligations or
          securities may cause a fund to recognize taxable income in excess of
   the cash generated by such obligations. Thus, a fund could be
          required at times to liquidate other investments in order to satisfy
its distribution requirements.                            

          For taxable years beginning before January 1, 2011, distributions to
          individuals and other noncorporate shareholders of investment income
        designated by a fund as derived from qualified dividend income are
       eligible for taxation for federal income tax purposes at the more
favorable long-term capital                               

60 | Understanding Distributions and Taxes                                      

P-->49761st Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 61st
        gain rates. Qualified dividend income generally includes dividends
      from domestic and some foreign corporations. It does not include
    income from investments in debt securities or, generally, from
     REITs. In addition, a fund must meet certain holding period and
          other requirements with respect to the dividend-paying stocks in its
        portfolio and the shareholder must meet certain holding period and
          other requirements with respect to a fund's shares for the lower tax
rates to apply.                                           

     For taxable years beginning before January 1, 2011, the maximum
federal income tax rate imposed on long-term capital gains
       recognized by individuals and other noncorporate shareholders has
          been reduced to 15%. For taxable years beginning on or after January
1, 2011, the long-term capital gain rate is scheduled to return to
20%. For more information, see the Statement of Additional
Information, under "Taxes."
     YOUR FUND WILL SEND YOU DETAILED FEDERAL INCOME TAX INFORMATION
         EVERY JANUARY. These statements tell you the amount and the federal
     income tax classification of any dividends or distributions you
          received. They also have certain details on your purchases and sales
of shares.                                                

          IF YOU INVEST RIGHT BEFORE A FUND PAYS A DIVIDEND, you'll be getting
       some of your investment back as a taxable dividend. You can avoid
this by investing after a fund declares a dividend. In    
       tax-advantaged retirement accounts you do not need to worry about
this.                                                     

     CORPORATIONS are taxed at the same rates on ordinary income and
 capital gains, but may be eligible for a dividends-received
         deduction for a portion of the income dividends they receive from a
      fund, provided certain holding period and other requirements are
met.                                                      

   The above discussion is applicable to shareholders who are US
      persons. If you are a non-US person, please consult your own tax
  advisor with respect to the US tax consequences to you of an
investment in a fund.                                     

                                     Understanding Distributions and Taxes  | 61

P-->49762nd Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 62nd
APPENDIX                                                                        
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Hypothetical Expense Summary                              

         Using the annual fund operating expense ratios presented in the fee
     tables in the fund prospectus, the Hypothetical Expense Summary
          shows the estimated fees and expenses, in actual dollars, that would
         be charged on a hypothetical investment of $10,000 in the fund held
       for the next 10 years and the impact of such fees and expenses on
       fund returns for each year and cumulatively, assuming a 5% return
  for each year. The tables also assume that all dividends and
     distributions are reinvested and that Class B shares convert to
          Class A shares after six years. The annual fund expense ratios shown
          are net of any contractual fee waivers or expense reimbursements, if
   any, for the period of the contractual commitment. The tables
          reflect the maximum initial sales charge, if any, but do not reflect
      any contingent deferred sales charge or redemption fees, if any,
        which may be payable upon redemption. If contingent deferred sales
       charges or redemption fees were shown, the "Hypothetical Year-End
       Balance After Fees and Expenses" amounts shown would be lower and
         the "Annual Fees and Expenses" amounts shown would be higher. Also,
 please note that if you are investing through a third party
      provider, that provider may have fees and expenses separate from
         those of the fund that are not reflected here. Mutual fund fees and
       expenses fluctuate over time and actual expenses may be higher or
lower than those shown.                                   

         The Hypothetical Expense Summary should not be used or construed as
an offer to sell, a solicitation of an offer to buy or a  
    recommendation or endorsement of any specific mutual fund. You
   should carefully review the fund's prospectus to consider the
          investment objectives, risks, expenses and charges of the fund prior
to investing.                                             

62 | Appendix                                                                   

P-->49763rd Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 63rd
DWS Global Thematic Fund - Class A                                              

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

              MAXIMUM           INITIAL HYPOTHETICAL                 ASSUMED RATE               
           SALES CHARGE:             INVESTMENT:                      OF RETURN:                
               5.75%                   $10,000                            5%                    
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                              HYPOTHETICAL                      
             CUMULATIVE        ANNUAL       CUMULATIVE          YEAR-END                        
           RETURN BEFORE        FUND       RETURN AFTER      BALANCE AFTER      ANNUAL FEES     
              FEES AND        EXPENSE        FEES AND           FEES AND            AND         
YEAR          EXPENSES         RATIOS        EXPENSES           EXPENSES         EXPENSES       
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                                
   1            5.00%        1.41%             -2.37%       $  9,763.36        $   710.28       
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   2           10.25%        1.41%              1.14%       $ 10,113.86        $   140.13       
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   3           15.76%        1.41%              4.77%       $ 10,476.95        $   145.17       
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   4           21.55%        1.41%              8.53%       $ 10,853.07        $   150.38       
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   5           27.63%        1.41%             12.43%       $ 11,242.70        $   155.78       
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   6           34.01%        1.41%             16.46%       $ 11,646.31        $   161.37       
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   7           40.71%        1.41%             20.64%       $ 12,064.41        $   167.16       
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   8           47.75%        1.41%             24.98%       $ 12,497.53        $   173.16       
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   9           55.13%        1.41%             29.46%       $ 12,946.19        $   179.38       
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  10           62.89%        1.41%             34.11%       $ 13,410.95        $   185.82       
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  TOTAL                                                                        $ 2,168.63       
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

DWS Global Thematic Fund - Class B                                              

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

              MAXIMUM           INITIAL HYPOTHETICAL                 ASSUMED RATE               
           SALES CHARGE:             INVESTMENT:                      OF RETURN:                
               0.00%                   $10,000                            5%                    
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                              HYPOTHETICAL                      
             CUMULATIVE        ANNUAL       CUMULATIVE          YEAR-END                        
           RETURN BEFORE        FUND       RETURN AFTER      BALANCE AFTER        ANNUAL        
              FEES AND        EXPENSE        FEES AND           FEES AND         FEES AND       
YEAR          EXPENSES         RATIOS        EXPENSES           EXPENSES         EXPENSES       
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                                
   1            5.00%        2.28%              2.72%       $ 10,272.00        $   231.10       
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   2           10.25%        2.28%              5.51%       $ 10,551.40        $   237.39       
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   3           15.76%        2.28%              8.38%       $ 10,838.40        $   243.84       
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   4           21.55%        2.28%             11.33%       $ 11,133.20        $   250.48       
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   5           27.63%        2.28%             14.36%       $ 11,436.02        $   257.29       
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   6           34.01%        2.28%             17.47%       $ 11,747.08        $   264.29       
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   7           40.71%        1.41%             21.69%       $ 12,168.80        $   168.61       
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   8           47.75%        1.41%             26.06%       $ 12,605.66        $   174.66       
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   9           55.13%        1.41%             30.58%       $ 13,058.21        $   180.93       
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  10           62.89%        1.41%             35.27%       $ 13,527.00        $   187.43       
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  TOTAL                                                                        $ 2,196.02       
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                                                  Appendix  | 63

P-->49764th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 64th
DWS Global Thematic Fund - Class C                                              

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

              MAXIMUM           INITIAL HYPOTHETICAL                 ASSUMED RATE               
           SALES CHARGE:             INVESTMENT:                      OF RETURN:                
               0.00%                   $10,000                            5%                    
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                              HYPOTHETICAL                      
             CUMULATIVE        ANNUAL       CUMULATIVE          YEAR-END                        
           RETURN BEFORE        FUND       RETURN AFTER      BALANCE AFTER      ANNUAL FEES     
              FEES AND        EXPENSE        FEES AND           FEES AND            AND         
YEAR          EXPENSES         RATIOS        EXPENSES           EXPENSES         EXPENSES       
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                                
   1            5.00%        2.17%              2.83%       $ 10,283.00        $   220.07       
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   2           10.25%        2.17%              5.74%       $ 10,574.01        $   226.30       
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   3           15.76%        2.17%              8.73%       $ 10,873.25        $   232.70       
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   4           21.55%        2.17%             11.81%       $ 11,180.97        $   239.29       
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   5           27.63%        2.17%             14.97%       $ 11,497.39        $   246.06       
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   6           34.01%        2.17%             18.23%       $ 11,822.76        $   253.02       
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   7           40.71%        2.17%             21.57%       $ 12,157.35        $   260.18       
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   8           47.75%        2.17%             25.01%       $ 12,501.40        $   267.55       
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   9           55.13%        2.17%             28.55%       $ 12,855.19        $   275.12       
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  10           62.89%        2.17%             32.19%       $ 13,218.99        $   282.90       
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  TOTAL                                                                        $ 2,503.19       
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

DWS Global Thematic Fund - Class R                                              

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

              MAXIMUM           INITIAL HYPOTHETICAL                 ASSUMED RATE               
           SALES CHARGE:             INVESTMENT:                      OF RETURN:                
               0.00%                   $10,000                            5%                    
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                              HYPOTHETICAL                      
             CUMULATIVE        ANNUAL       CUMULATIVE          YEAR-END                        
           RETURN BEFORE        FUND       RETURN AFTER      BALANCE AFTER        ANNUAL        
              FEES AND        EXPENSE        FEES AND           FEES AND         FEES AND       
YEAR          EXPENSES         RATIOS        EXPENSES           EXPENSES         EXPENSES       
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                                
   1            5.00%        1.69%              3.31%       $ 10,331.00        $   171.80       
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   2           10.25%        1.69%              6.73%       $ 10,672.96        $   177.48       
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   3           15.76%        1.69%             10.26%       $ 11,026.23        $   183.36       
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   4           21.55%        1.69%             13.91%       $ 11,391.20        $   189.43       
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   5           27.63%        1.69%             17.68%       $ 11,768.25        $   195.70       
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   6           34.01%        1.69%             21.58%       $ 12,157.78        $   202.17       
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   7           40.71%        1.69%             25.60%       $ 12,560.20        $   208.87       
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   8           47.75%        1.69%             29.76%       $ 12,975.94        $   215.78       
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   9           55.13%        1.69%             34.05%       $ 13,405.45        $   222.92       
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  10           62.89%        1.69%             38.49%       $ 13,849.17        $   230.30       
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  TOTAL                                                                        $ 1,997.81       
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

64 | Appendix                                                                   

P-->49765th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 65th
DWS International Fund - Class A                                                

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

              MAXIMUM           INITIAL HYPOTHETICAL                 ASSUMED RATE               
           SALES CHARGE:             INVESTMENT:                      OF RETURN:                
               5.75%                   $10,000                            5%                    
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                              HYPOTHETICAL                      
             CUMULATIVE        ANNUAL       CUMULATIVE          YEAR-END                        
           RETURN BEFORE        FUND       RETURN AFTER      BALANCE AFTER      ANNUAL FEES     
              FEES AND        EXPENSE        FEES AND           FEES AND            AND         
YEAR          EXPENSES         RATIOS        EXPENSES           EXPENSES         EXPENSES       
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                                
   1            5.00%        1.23%             -2.20%       $  9,780.32        $   693.11       
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   2           10.25%        1.23%              1.49%       $ 10,149.04        $   122.57       
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   3           15.76%        1.23%              5.32%       $ 10,531.66        $   127.19       
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   4           21.55%        1.23%              9.29%       $ 10,928.70        $   131.98       
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   5           27.63%        1.23%             13.41%       $ 11,340.72        $   136.96       
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   6           34.01%        1.23%             17.68%       $ 11,768.26        $   142.12       
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   7           40.71%        1.23%             22.12%       $ 12,211.92        $   147.48       
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   8           47.75%        1.23%             26.72%       $ 12,672.31        $   153.04       
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   9           55.13%        1.23%             31.50%       $ 13,150.06        $   158.81       
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  10           62.89%        1.23%             36.46%       $ 13,645.85        $   164.79       
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  TOTAL                                                                        $ 1,978.05       
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

DWS International Fund - Class B                                                

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

              MAXIMUM           INITIAL HYPOTHETICAL                 ASSUMED RATE               
           SALES CHARGE:             INVESTMENT:                      OF RETURN:                
               0.00%                   $10,000                            5%                    
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                              HYPOTHETICAL                      
             CUMULATIVE        ANNUAL       CUMULATIVE          YEAR-END                        
           RETURN BEFORE        FUND       RETURN AFTER      BALANCE AFTER        ANNUAL        
              FEES AND        EXPENSE        FEES AND           FEES AND         FEES AND       
YEAR          EXPENSES         RATIOS        EXPENSES           EXPENSES         EXPENSES       
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                                
   1            5.00%        2.03%              2.97%       $ 10,297.00        $   206.01       
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   2           10.25%        2.03%              6.03%       $ 10,602.82        $   212.13       
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   3           15.76%        2.03%              9.18%       $ 10,917.72        $   218.43       
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   4           21.55%        2.15%             12.29%       $ 11,228.88        $   238.08       
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   5           27.63%        2.15%             15.49%       $ 11,548.90        $   244.86       
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   6           34.01%        2.15%             18.78%       $ 11,878.05        $   251.84       
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   7           40.71%        1.23%             23.26%       $ 12,325.85        $   148.85       
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   8           47.75%        1.23%             27.91%       $ 12,790.53        $   154.47       
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   9           55.13%        1.23%             32.73%       $ 13,272.74        $   160.29       
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  10           62.89%        1.23%             37.73%       $ 13,773.12        $   166.33       
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  TOTAL                                                                        $ 2,001.29       
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                                                  Appendix  | 65

P-->49766th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 66th
DWS International Fund - Class C                                                

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

              MAXIMUM           INITIAL HYPOTHETICAL                 ASSUMED RATE               
           SALES CHARGE:             INVESTMENT:                      OF RETURN:                
               0.00%                   $10,000                            5%                    
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                              HYPOTHETICAL                      
             CUMULATIVE        ANNUAL       CUMULATIVE          YEAR-END                        
           RETURN BEFORE        FUND       RETURN AFTER      BALANCE AFTER        ANNUAL        
              FEES AND        EXPENSE        FEES AND           FEES AND         FEES AND       
YEAR          EXPENSES         RATIOS        EXPENSES           EXPENSES         EXPENSES       
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                                
   1            5.00%        2.00%              3.00%       $ 10,300.00        $   203.00       
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   2           10.25%        2.00%              6.09%       $ 10,609.00        $   209.09       
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   3           15.76%        2.00%              9.27%       $ 10,927.27        $   215.36       
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   4           21.55%        2.00%             12.55%       $ 11,255.09        $   221.82       
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   5           27.63%        2.00%             15.93%       $ 11,592.74        $   228.48       
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   6           34.01%        2.00%             19.41%       $ 11,940.52        $   235.33       
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   7           40.71%        2.00%             22.99%       $ 12,298.74        $   242.39       
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   8           47.75%        2.00%             26.68%       $ 12,667.70        $   249.66       
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   9           55.13%        2.00%             30.48%       $ 13,047.73        $   257.15       
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  10           62.89%        2.00%             34.39%       $ 13,439.16        $   264.87       
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  TOTAL                                                                        $ 2,327.15       
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

66 | Appendix                                                                   

P-->49767th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 67th
TO GET MORE INFORMATION                                                         

SHAREHOLDER REPORTS - These include commentary from a fund's management team    
about recent market conditions and the effects of a fund's strategies on its    
performance. They also have detailed performance figures, a list of everything  
a fund owns, and its financial statements. Shareholders get these reports       
automatically.                                                                  

STATEMENT OF ADDITIONAL INFORMATION (SAI) - This tells you more about a fund's  
features and policies, including additional risk information. The SAI is        
incorporated by reference into this document (meaning that it's legally part of 
this prospectus).                                                               

For a free copy of any of these documents or to request other information about 
a fund, call (800) 621-1048, or contact DWS Scudder at the address listed       
below. Each fund's SAI and shareholder reports are also available through the   
DWS Scudder Web site at www.dws-scudder.com. These documents and other          
information about each fund are available from the EDGAR Database on the SEC's  
Internet site at www.sec.gov. If you like, you may obtain copies of this        
information, after paying a copying fee, by e-mailing a request to              
publicinfo@sec.gov or by writing the SEC at the address listed below. You can   
also review and copy these documents and other information about each fund,     
including each fund's SAI, at the SEC's Public Reference Room in Washington,    
D.C. Information on the operation of the SEC's Public Reference Room may be     
obtained by calling (800) SEC-0330.                                             

                                                                [Download Table]

DWS SCUDDER              SEC                     DISTRIBUTOR                    
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                
PO Box 219151            100 F Street, N.E.      DWS Scudder Distributors, Inc. 
Kansas City, MO          Washington, D.C.        222 South Riverside Plaza      
64121-9151               20549-0102              Chicago, IL 60606-5808
WWW.DWS-SCUDDER.COM WWW.SEC.GOV             (800) 621-1148                 
(800) 621-1048           (800) SEC-0330                                         

                                                                [Download Table]

SEC FILE NUMBER:                                                               

DWS Global/International Fund, Inc.        DWS Global Thematic Fund    811-4670
DWS International Fund, Inc.                 DWS International Fund    811-642

(12/01/07) DGINTF1-1                                                            
[RECYCLED PAPER GRAPHIC APPEARS HERE]    [DWS SCUDDER LOGO GRAPHIC APPEARS HERE]

P-->49768th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 68th
DECEMBER 1, 2007

PROSPECTUS

------------------  

INSTITUTIONAL CLASS 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

DWS INTERNATIONAL FUND

As with all mutual funds, the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) does not 
approve or disapprove these shares or determine whether the information in this 
prospectus is truthful or complete. It is a criminal offense for anyone to      
inform you otherwise.                                                           

                                         [DWS SCUDDER LOGO GRAPHIC APPEARS HERE]

P-->49769th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 69th
CONTENTS                                                                        
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                                                [Download Table]

HOW THE FUND WORKS                     

  4      The Fund's Main Investment    
         Strategy                      

  5      The Main Risks of Investing in
         the Fund                      

  9      The Fund's Performance        
         History                       

 11      How Much Investors Pay        

 12      Other Policies and Risks      

 13      Who Manages and Oversees      
         the Fund                      

 16      Financial Highlights          

                                                                [Download Table]

HOW TO INVEST IN THE FUND           

 18      Buying and Selling         
         Institutional Class Shares 

 24      Policies You Should Know   
         About                      

 35      Understanding Distributions
         and Taxes                  

 39      Appendix                   

P-->49770th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 70th
HOW THE FUND WORKS                                                              

On the next few pages, you'll find information about the fund's investment      
goal, the main strategies it uses to pursue that goal and the main risks that   
could affect performance.                                                       

Whether you are considering investing in the fund or are already a shareholder, 
you'll want to LOOK THIS INFORMATION OVER CAREFULLY. You may want to keep it on 
hand for reference as well.                                                     

Remember that mutual funds are investments, not bank deposits. They're not      
insured or guaranteed by the FDIC or any other government agency. Their share   
prices will go up and down, and you could lose money by investing in them.      

You can find DWS prospectuses on the Internet at WWW.DWS-SCUDDER.COM (the Web   
site does not form a part of this prospectus).                                  

P-->49771st Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 71st
                                                                [Download Table]

                                                                                
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                        Institutional Class     

                          ticker symbol                 SUIIX                   

                            fund number                 1468                    

    DWS INTERNATIONAL FUND                                                      
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


THE FUND'S MAIN INVESTMENT STRATEGY 

        The fund seeks long-term growth of capital by investing at least
       65% of its total assets in foreign equities (equities issued by
 foreign-based companies and listed on foreign exchanges).

          Although the fund can invest in companies of any size and from any
  country, it invests mainly in common stocks of established
       companies in countries with developed economies (other than the
      United States). The fund may invest up to 20% of net assets in
        foreign debt securities, including convertible bonds. The fund's
         equity investments are mainly common stocks, but may also include
          preferred stocks and other securities with equity characteristics,
such as convertible securities and warrants.            

           In choosing securities, the portfolio manager uses a combination of
two analytical disciplines:                             

          BOTTOM-UP RESEARCH. The manager look for individual companies with
          a history of above average growth, strong competitive positioning,
       attractive prices relative to potential growth, sound financial
strength and effective management, among other factors. 

          TOP-DOWN ANALYSIS. The manager considers the economic outlooks for
       various sectors and industries while looking for those that may
 benefit from changes in the overall business environment.

          The manager may favor different types of securities from different
industries and companies at different times, while still
        maintaining variety in terms of the types of securities, issuers
and countries represented.                              

        The manager will normally sell a stock when the manager believes
      its price is unlikely to go much higher, its fundamentals have
        deteriorated, other investments offer better opportunities or in
       the course of adjusting the fund's exposure to a given country.

4 | DWS International Fund                                                      

P-->49772nd Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 72nd
          OTHER INVESTMENTS. The fund is permitted, but not required, to use
        various types of derivatives (contracts whose value is based on,
           for example, indices, currencies or securities). Derivatives may be
   used for hedging and for risk management or for non-hedging
     purposes to seek to enhance potential gains. The fund may use
        derivatives in circumstances where portfolio management believes
          they offer an economical means of gaining exposure to a particular
           asset class or to keep cash on hand to meet shareholder redemptions
or other needs while maintaining exposure to the market.

          SECURITIES LENDING. The fund may lend its investment securities in
an amount up to 33 1/3% of its total assets to approved 
         institutional borrowers who need to borrow securities in order to
complete certain transactions.                          

THE MAIN RISKS OF INVESTING IN THE FUND                 

 There are several risk factors that could hurt the fund's
performance, cause you to lose money or cause the fund's
performance to trail that of other investments.         

        STOCK MARKET RISK. As with most stock funds, an important factor
        with this fund is how stock markets perform - (to the extent the
  fund invests in a particular geographic region, the fund's
            performance may be proportionately affected by that region's general
            performance). When stock prices fall, you should expect the value of
   your investment to fall as well. Because a stock represents
 ownership in its issuer, stock prices can be hurt by poor
            management, shrinking product demand and other business risks. These
      may affect single companies as well as groups of companies. In
       addition, movements in financial markets may adversely affect a
       stock's price, regardless of how well the company performs. The
         market as a whole may not favor the types of investments the fund
       makes and the fund may not be able to get attractive prices for
them.                                                   

          SECURITY SELECTION RISK. A risk that pervades all investing is the
       risk that the securities in the fund's portfolio may decline in
value.                                                  

    FOREIGN INVESTMENT RISK. Foreign investments involve certain
special risks, including:                               

THE FOLLOWING SIDEBAR TEXT APPEARS NEXT TO THE PRECEDING PARAGRAPHS             

The fund is designed for investors who are interested in a broadly diversified  
non-US international investment with the emphasis squarely on long-term growth  
of capital.                                                                     

                                                     DWS International Fund  | 5

P-->49773rd Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 73rd
     -   POLITICAL RISK. Some foreign governments have limited the
            outflow of profits to investors abroad, imposed restrictions
       on the exchange or export of foreign currency, extended
             diplomatic disputes to include trade and financial relations,
 seized foreign investment and imposed high taxes.

           -  INFORMATION RISK. Companies based in foreign markets are usually
         not subject to accounting, auditing and financial reporting
      standards and practices as stringent as those in the US.
           Therefore, their financial reports may present an incomplete,
              untimely or misleading picture of a foreign company, as compared
to the financial reports of US companies.         

  -  LIQUIDITY RISK. Investments that trade less can be more
              difficult or more costly to buy, or to sell, than more liquid or
        active investments. This liquidity risk is a factor of the
            trading volume of a particular investment, as well as the size
             and liquidity of the entire local market. On the whole, foreign
            exchanges are smaller and less liquid than the US market. This
            can make buying and selling certain investments more difficult
             and costly. Relatively small transactions in some instances can
            have a disproportionately large effect on the price and supply
           of securities. In certain situations, it may become virtually
         impossible to sell an investment in an orderly fashion at a
          price that approaches portfolio management's estimate of its
         value. For the same reason, it may at times be difficult to
value the fund's foreign investments.             

         -  REGULATORY RISK. There is generally less government regulation
              of foreign markets, companies and securities dealers than in the
US.                                               

       -  CURRENCY RISK. The fund invests in securities denominated in
              foreign currencies. This creates the possibility that changes in
              exchange rates between foreign currencies and the US dollar will
            affect the US dollar value of foreign securities or the income
or gain received on these securities.             

           -  LIMITED LEGAL RECOURSE RISK. Legal remedies for investors may be
 more limited than the remedies available in the US.

6 | DWS International Fund                                                      

P-->49774th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 74th
      -  TRADING PRACTICE RISK. Brokerage commissions and other fees
      are generally higher for foreign investments than for US
     investments. The procedures and rules governing foreign
          transactions and custody may also involve delays in payment,
delivery or recovery of money or investments.     

        -  TAXES. Foreign withholding and certain other taxes may reduce
             the amount of income available to distribute to shareholders of
            the fund. In addition, special US tax considerations may apply
to the fund's foreign investments.                

      EMERGING MARKET RISK. All of the risks of investing in foreign
           securities are increased in connection with investments in emerging
    markets securities. In addition, profound social changes and
         business practices that depart from norms in developed countries'
        economies have hindered the orderly growth of emerging economies
       and their markets in the past and have caused instability. High
         levels of debt tend to make emerging economies heavily reliant on
         foreign capital and vulnerable to capital flight. These countries
    are also more likely to experience high levels of inflation,
      deflation or currency devaluation, which could also hurt their
      economies and securities markets. For these and other reasons,
         investments in emerging markets are often considered speculative.

       PRICING RISK. At times, market conditions might make it hard to
      value some investments, and the fund may use certain valuation
     methodologies for some of its investments, such as fair value
         pricing. Given the subjective nature of such methodologies, it is
   possible that the value determined for an investment may be
         different than the value realized upon such investment's sale. If
     the fund has valued its securities too highly, you may end up
          paying too much for fund shares when you buy into the fund. If the
    fund underestimates the price of its securities, you may not
         receive the full market value for your fund shares when you sell.

           SECURITIES LENDING RISK. Any loss in the market price of securities
           loaned by the fund that occurs during the term of the loan would be
borne by the fund and would adversely affect the fund's 
        performance. Also, there may be delays in recovery of securities
    loaned or even a loss of rights in the collateral should the
borrower of the securities fail financially             

                                                     DWS International Fund  | 7

P-->49775th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 75th
          while the loan is outstanding. However, loans will be made only to
   borrowers selected by the fund's delegate after a review of
           relevant facts and circumstances, including the creditworthiness of
the borrower.                                           

       DERIVATIVES RISK. Risks associated with derivatives include the
          risk that the derivative is not well correlated with the security,
        index or currency to which it relates; the risk that derivatives
     may not have the intended effects and may result in losses or
           missed opportunities; the risk that the fund will be unable to sell
        the derivative because of an illiquid secondary market; the risk
          that a counterparty is unwilling or unable to meet its obligation;
          and the risk that the derivative transaction could expose the fund
   to the effects of leverage, which could increase the fund's
        exposure to the market and magnify potential losses. There is no
         guarantee that derivatives, to the extent employed, will have the
        intended effect, and their use could cause lower returns or even
       losses to the fund. The use of derivatives by the fund to hedge
           risk may reduce the opportunity for gain by offsetting the positive
effect of favorable price movements.                    

Another factor that could affect performance is:        

 -  portfolio management could be wrong in the analysis of
  industries, companies, economic trends, the relative
      attractiveness of different securities or other matters.

8 | DWS International Fund                                                      

P-->49776th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 76th
THE FUND'S PERFORMANCE HISTORY                                                  

While a fund's past performance (before and after taxes) isn't necessarily a    
sign of how it will do in the future, it can be valuable for an investor to     
know.                                                                           

The bar chart shows how the performance of the fund's Institutional Class       
shares has varied from year to year, which may give some idea of risk. The      
table on the following page shows how fund performance compares to relevant     
index information (which, unlike fund performance, does not reflect fees or     
expenses). The performance of both the fund and the index information varies    
over time. All figures assume reinvestment of dividends and distributions (in   
the case of after-tax returns, reinvested net of assumed tax rates).            

The table shows returns for Institutional Class shares on a before-tax and      
after-tax basis. After-tax returns are estimates calculated using the           
historical highest individual federal marginal income tax rates and do not      
reflect the impact of state and local taxes. Actual after-tax returns depend on 
an investor's tax situation and may differ from those shown in the table.       
After-tax returns shown are not relevant for investors who hold their shares    
through tax-deferred arrangements, such as 401(k) plans or individual           
retirement accounts.                                                            

ANNUAL TOTAL RETURN (%) AS OF 12/31 EACH YEAR - Institutional Class             

[BAR GRAPHIC APPEARS HERE]                                                      

                                                                [Download Table]
                                                            
-26.81       -16.14     28.26      17.03      16.42    26.24
2001        2002        2003       2004       2005     2006 

                                                                [Download Table]

2007 TOTAL RETURN AS OF SEPTEMBER 30: 16.48%                                

FOR THE PERIODS INCLUDED IN THE BAR CHART:                                  
BEST QUARTER: 16.42%, Q2 2003                WORST QUARTER: -19.29%, Q3 2002

                                                     DWS International Fund  | 9

P-->49777th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 77th
AVERAGE ANNUAL TOTAL RETURNS (%) as of 12/31/2006                               

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                              1 YEAR       5 YEARS      SINCE INCEPTION* 
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 INSTITUTIONAL CLASS                                                                     
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   Return before Taxes                          26.24        13.09             5.18      
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   Return after Taxes on Distributions          25.48        12.85             4.98      
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   Return after Taxes on Distributions                                                   
   and Sale of Fund Shares                      17.63        11.49             4.49      
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 MORGAN STANLEY CAPITAL                                                                  
 INTERNATIONAL (MSCI) EUROPE,                                                            
 AUSTRALASIA, FAR EAST (EAFE) INDEX                                                      
 (reflects no deductions for fees,                                                       
 expenses or taxes)                             26.34        14.98             7.90      
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

*     Since 12/29/2000. Index comparison begins 12/31/2000.                     

Returns would have been lower had expenses not been waived.                     

MORGAN STANLEY CAPITAL INTERNATIONAL (MSCI) EUROPE, AUSTRALASIA AND THE FAR EAST
(EAFE) INDEX is an unmanaged index that tracks international stock performance  
in the 21 developed markets of Europe, Australasia and the Far East.            

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Current performance may be higher or lower than the performance data quoted     
above. For more recent performance information, call your financial advisor or  
(800) 730-1313 or visit our Web site at www.dws-scudder.com.                    

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The RETURN AFTER TAXES ON DISTRIBUTIONS assumes that an investor holds fund     
shares at the end of the period. The number represents only the fund's taxable  
distributions and not a shareholder's gain or loss from selling fund shares.    

The RETURN AFTER TAXES ON DISTRIBUTIONS AND SALE OF FUND SHARES assumes that an 
investor sold his or her fund shares at the end of the period. The number       
reflects both the fund's taxable distributions and a shareholder's gain or loss 
from selling fund shares.                                                       

10 | DWS International Fund                                                     

P-->49778th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 78th
HOW MUCH INVESTORS PAY                                                          

This table describes the fees and expenses that you may pay if you buy and hold 
Institutional Class shares of the fund. This information doesn't include any    
fees that may be charged by your financial advisor.                             

                                                                [Download Table]

FEE TABLE                                                                       
                                                                                
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 SHAREHOLDER FEES, paid directly from                                           
 your investment                                      None                      
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Redemption/Exchange Fee on shares                                              
 owned less than 15 days (as % of                                               
 redemption proceeds)1                                2.00%                     
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 ANNUAL OPERATING EXPENSES, deducted from fund assets                           
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Management Fee2                                      0.67%                     
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Distribution/Service (12b-1) Fee                     None                      
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Other Expenses                                       0.11                      
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 TOTAL ANNUAL OPERATING EXPENSES3                     0.78                      
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

1     This fee is charged on applicable redemptions or exchanges. Please see    
      "Policies You Should Know About - Policies about transactions" for further
information.                                                        

2     Restated on an annualized basis to reflect fee changes that took effect on
June 11, 2007. Includes 0.10% administration fee.                   

3     Through November 30, 2010, the Advisor has contractually agreed to waive  
 all or a portion of its management fee and reimburse or pay operating
     expenses of the fund to the extent necessary to maintain the fund's total
 operating expenses at 0.88% for Institutional Class shares, excluding
 certain expenses such as extraordinary expenses, taxes, brokerage and
interest. .                                                         

Based on the costs above, this example helps you compare the fund's             
Institutional Class shares expenses to those of other mutual funds. This        
example assumes the expenses above remain the same, and that you invested       
$10,000, earned 5% annual returns and reinvested all dividends and              
distributions. This is only an example; actual expenses will be different.      

                                                                [Download Table]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXAMPLE                    1 YEAR      3 YEARS      5 YEARS      10 YEARS       
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                
 Institutional Class         $80         $249         $433         $966         
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                                    DWS International Fund  | 11

P-->49779th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 79th
OTHER POLICIES AND RISKS                                                        

     While the previous pages describe the main points of the fund's
     strategy and risks, there are a few other issues to know about:

       -  Although major changes tend to be infrequent, the fund's Board
        could change the fund's investment objective without seeking
shareholder approval.                               

          -  As a temporary defensive measure, the fund could shift up to 100%
          of assets into investments such as US or Canadian money market
         securities This could prevent losses, but, while engaged in a
           temporary defensive position, the fund will not be pursuing its
            investment goal. However, portfolio management may choose not to
             use these strategies for various reasons, even in volatile market
conditions.                                         

For more information                                      

    This prospectus doesn't tell you about every policy or risk of
investing in the fund.                                    

         If you want more information on the fund's allowable securities and
         investment practices and the characteristics and risks of each one,
   you may want to request a copy of the Statement of Additional
Information (the back cover tells you how to do this).    

        Keep in mind that there is no assurance that the fund will achieve
its goal.                                                 

          A complete list of the fund's portfolio holdings is posted as of the
         month-end on www.dws-scudder.com (the Web site does not form a part
          of this prospectus) on or after the last day of the following month.
         This posted information generally remains accessible at least until
     the date on which the fund files its Form N-CSR or N-Q with the
Securities and Exchange                                   
      Commission for the period that includes the date as of which the
    posted information is current. In addition, the fund's top ten
equity holdings and other fund information is posted on   
        www.dws-scudder.com as of the calendar quarter-end on or after the
        15th day following quarter-end. The fund's Statement of Additional
   Information includes a description of the fund's policies and
       procedures with respect to the disclosure of the fund's portfolio
holdings.                                                 

12 | Other Policies and Risks                                                   

P-->49780th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 80th
WHO MANAGES AND OVERSEES THE FUND                                               

The investment advisor                                    

 Deutsche Investment Management Americas Inc. ("DIMA" or the
    "Advisor"), with headquarters at 345 Park Avenue, New York, NY
10154, is the investment advisor for the fund. Under the oversight
          of the Board, the Advisor makes investment decisions, buys and sells
       securities for the fund and conducts research that leads to these
       purchase and sale decisions. The Advisor provides a full range of
     global investment advisory services to institutional and retail
clients.                                                  

    DWS Scudder is part of Deutsche Asset Management, which is the
     marketing name in the US for the asset management activities of
          Deutsche Bank AG, DIMA, Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas and DWS
Trust Company.                                            

         Deutsche Asset Management is a global asset management organization
    that offers a wide range of investing expertise and resources,
         including hundreds of portfolio managers and analysts and an office
     network that reaches the world's major investment centers. This
      well-resourced global investment platform brings together a wide
     variety of experience and investment insight across industries,
regions, asset classes and investing styles.              

          The Advisor is an indirect, wholly owned subsidiary of Deutsche Bank
        AG. Deutsche Bank AG is a major global banking institution that is
         engaged in a wide range of financial services, including investment
       management, mutual funds, retail, private and commercial banking,
investment banking and insurance.                         

          MANAGEMENT FEE. The Advisor receives a management fee from the fund.
     Below are the actual rates paid by the fund for the most recent
          fiscal year, as a percentage of the fund's average daily net assets.

                                                                [Download Table]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
FUND NAME                               FEE PAID                                
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                
DWS International Fund                    0.58%                                 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                         Who Manages and Oversees the Fund  | 13

P-->49781st Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 81st
      Effective June 11, 2007, DWS International Fund pays the Advisor
       under the investment management agreement a fee, calculated daily
          and paid monthly, at the annual rate of 0.565% of the fund's average
  daily net assets up to $2.5 billion, 0.545% of the next $2.5
   billion, 0.525% of the next $5 billion, 0.515% of the next $5
billion and 0.465% thereafter.                            

      A discussion regarding the basis for the Board's approval of the
     fund's investment management agreement is contained in the most
         recent shareholder report for the semi-annual period ended February
28 (see "Shareholder reports" on the back cover).         

         Under a separate administrative services agreement between the fund
          and the Advisor, the fund pays the Advisor for providing most of the
fund's administrative services.                           

14 | Who Manages and Oversees the Fund                                          

P-->49782nd Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 82nd
Portfolio management                                                            

The following person handles the day-to-day management of DWS International     
Fund.                                                                           

DWS INTERNATIONAL FUND                                                          

Matthias Knerr, CFA                                                             
Director, Deutsche Asset Management and Portfolio Manager of the fund.          
- Joined Deutsche Asset Management in 1995 and the fund in 2004.                
- Portfolio manager for International                                           
Equities.                                                                   
- BS, Pennsylvania State University.                                            

The fund's Statement of Additional Information provides additional information  
about a portfolio manager's investments in the fund, a description of the       
portfolio management compensation structure and information regarding other     
accounts managed.                                                               

                                         Who Manages and Oversees the Fund  | 15

P-->49783rd Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 83rd
FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS                                                            

The financial highlights are designed to help you understand recent financial   
performance. The figures in the first part of the table are for a single share. 
The total return figures represent the percentage that an investor in the fund  
would have earned (or lost), assuming all dividends and distributions were      
reinvested. This information has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP,    
independent registered public accounting firm, whose report, along with the     
fund's financial statements, is included in the fund's annual report (see       
"Shareholder reports" on the back cover).                                       

DWS International Fund - Institutional Class                                    

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

YEARS ENDED AUGUST 31,                       2007            2006            2005           2004            2003       
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

SELECTED PER SHARE DATA                                                                                                
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
NET ASSET VALUE, BEGINNING OF PERIOD       $  57.10        $  47.58       $  37.99        $  33.28       $  32.42      
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Income (loss) from investment                                                                                          
operations:                                                                                                            
  Net investment income a                   1.06d           1.52c              .76             .39            .43      
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Net realized and unrealized gain                                                                                     
  (loss)                                      11.06            9.12           9.51            4.84            .80      
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  TOTAL FROM INVESTMENT OPERATIONS            12.12           10.64          10.27            5.23           1.23      
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Less distributions from:                                                                                               
  Net investment income                      ( 1.88)         ( 1.12)        (  .68)         (  .52)        (  .37)     
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Redemption fees*                                .00             .00            .00             .00            .00      
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
NET ASSET VALUE, END OF PERIOD             $  67.34        $  57.10       $  47.58        $  37.99       $  33.28      
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total Return (%)                            21.60b          22.65b           27.18         15.77b            3.90      
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

RATIOS TO AVERAGE NET ASSETS AND SUPPLEMENTAL DATA                                                                     
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net assets, end of period ($ millions)           26               8              9               8             21      
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Ratio of expenses before expense                                                                                       
reductions (%)                                  .79             .98            .85             .96            .92      
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Ratio of expenses after expense                                                                                        
reductions (%)                                  .79             .96            .85             .94            .92      
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Ratio of net investment income (%)          1.66d           2.87c             1.76            1.02           1.41      
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Portfolio turnover rate (%)                     104              76             57              82            104      
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

a     Based on average shares outstanding during the period.                    

b     Total return would have been lower had certain expenses not been reduced. 

c     Net investment income per share and the ratio of net investment income    
  include non-recurring dividend income amounting to $0.51 per share and
0.98% of average daily net assets, respectively.                    

d     Net investment income per share and the ratio of net investment income    
  include non-recurring dividend income amounting to $0.31 per share and
0.49% of average daily net assets, respectively.                    

*     Amount is less than $.005.                                                

16 | Financial Highlights                                                       

P-->49784th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 84th
HOW TO INVEST IN THE FUND                                                       

The following pages tell you how to invest in the fund and what to expect as a  
shareholder. If you're investing directly with DWS Scudder, all of this         
information applies to you.                                                     

The following pages also tell you about many of the services, choices and       
benefits of being a shareholder. You'll also find information on how to check   
the status of your account using the method that's most convenient for you.     

If you're investing through a "third party provider" - for example, a workplace 
retirement plan, financial supermarket or financial advisor - your provider may 
have its own policies or instructions and you should follow those.              

You can find out more about the topics covered here by speaking with your       
FINANCIAL ADVISOR OR A REPRESENTATIVE OF YOUR WORKPLACE RETIREMENT PLAN OR      
OTHER INVESTMENT PROVIDER.                                                      

P-->49785th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 85th
Buying and Selling INSTITUTIONAL CLASS Shares                                   

    You may buy Institutional Class shares through your securities
       dealer or through any financial institution that is authorized to
         act as a shareholder servicing agent ("financial advisor"). Contact
   them for details on how to enter and pay for your order. Your
      financial advisor may also receive compensation from the Advisor
       and/or its affiliates, please see "Financial intermediary support
payments."                                                

       You may also buy Institutional Class shares by sending your check
       (along with a completed Application Form) directly to DWS Scudder
       Investments Service Company (the "transfer agent"). Your purchase
          order may not be accepted if the fund withdraws the offering of fund
    shares, the sale of fund shares has been suspended or if it is
         determined that your purchase would be detrimental to the interests
of the fund's shareholders.                               

Eligibility requirements                                  

  You may buy Institutional Class shares if you are any of the
following:                                                

-  An eligible institution (e.g., a financial institution,
   corporation, trust, estate or educational, religious or
charitable institution).                            

      -  An employee benefit plan with assets of at least $50 million.

        -  A registered investment advisor or financial planner purchasing
on behalf of clients and charging an asset-based or 
hourly fee.                                         

      -  A client of the private banking division of Deutsche Bank AG.

       -  A current or former director or trustee of the Deutsche or DWS
mutual funds.                                       

        -  An employee, the employee's spouse or life partner and children
     or stepchildren age 21 or younger of Deutsche Bank or its
             affiliates or a subadvisor to any fund in the DWS family of funds
      or a broker-dealer authorized to sell shares in the funds.

Investment minimum                                        

        Your initial investment must be for at least $1,000,000. There are
no minimum subsequent investment requirements.            

18 | Buying and Selling Institutional Class Shares                              

P-->49786th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 86th
The minimum initial investment is waived for:             

         -  Shareholders with existing accounts prior to August 13, 2004 who
        met the previous minimum investment eligibility requirement.

          -  Investment advisory affiliates of Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.,
             DWS funds or Deutsche funds purchasing shares for the accounts of
their investment advisory clients.                  

    -  Employee benefit plans with assets of at least $50 million.

     -  Clients of the private banking division of Deutsche Bank AG.

        -  Institutional clients and qualified purchasers that are clients
of a division of Deutsche Bank AG.                  

       -  A current or former director or trustee of the Deutsche or DWS
mutual funds.                                       

        -  An employee, the employee's spouse or life partner and children
     or stepchildren age 21 or younger of Deutsche Bank or its
             affiliates or a subadvisor to any fund in the DWS family of funds
      or a broker-dealer authorized to sell shares of the funds.

   -  Registered investment advisors who trade through platforms
            approved by the Advisor and whose client assets in the aggregate
meet the $1,000,000 minimum investment.             

 The fund reserves the right to modify the above eligibility
requirements and investment minimum at any time.          

How to contact the transfer agent                         

                                                                [Download Table]
                                                                                
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  BY PHONE:               (800) 730-1313                                        
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  FIRST INVESTMENTS       DWS Scudder Investments Service Company               
  BY MAIL:                P.O. Box 219210                                       
                          Kansas City, MO 64121-9151                            
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  ADDITIONAL              DWS Scudder Investments Service Company               
  INVESTMENTS BY          P.O. Box 219210                                       
  MAIL:                   Kansas City, MO 64121-9154                            
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  BY OVERNIGHT MAIL:      DWS Scudder Investments Service Company               
                          210 West 10th Street                                  
                          Kansas City, MO 64105-1614                            
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

   You can reach the automated information line, 24 hours a day,
7 days a week by calling (800) 621-1048.                  

                             Buying and Selling Institutional Class Shares  | 19

P-->49787th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 87th
How to open your fund account                             

                                                                [Download Table]
                                                                                
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
MAIL:               Complete and sign the account application that              
                    accompanies this prospectus. (You may obtain                
                    additional applications by calling the transfer agent.)     
                    Mail the completed application along with a check           
                    payable to the fund you have selected to the transfer       
                    agent. Be sure to include the fund number. (For fund        
                    number, refer to "The Fund's Main Investment
Strategy"). The applicable addresses are shown under        
                    "How to contact the transfer agent."                        
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
WIRE:               Call the transfer agent to set up a wire account.           
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
FUND NAME AND       Please use the complete fund name. Refer to "The            
FUND NUMBER:        Fund's Main Investment Strategy" above for the fund         
                   number.                                                      
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

    Please note that your account cannot become activated until we
receive a completed application.                          

How to BUY and SELL shares                                

MAIL:                                                     

        BUYING: Send your check, payable to the fund you have selected, to
     the transfer agent. Be sure to include the fund number and your
         account number on your check. If you are investing in more than one
     fund, make your check payable to "DWS Scudder" and include your
 account number, the names and numbers of the funds you have
  selected, and the dollar amount or percentage you would like
      invested in each fund. Mailing addresses are shown under "How to
contact the transfer agent."                              

         SELLING: Send a signed letter to the transfer agent with your name,
          your fund number and account number, the fund's name, and either the
        number of shares you wish to sell or the dollar amount you wish to
         receive. Unless exchanging into another DWS fund, you must submit a
   written authorization to sell shares in a retirement account.

WIRE:                                                     

BUYING: You may buy shares by wire only if your account is
         authorized to do so. Please note that you or your financial advisor
      must call Shareholder Services at (800) 730-1313 to notify us in
         advance of a wire transfer purchase. Inform Shareholder Services of
          the amount of your purchase and receive a trade confirmation number.
Instruct your bank to send payment by wire using the wire 
instructions noted below. All                             

20 | Buying and Selling Institutional Class Shares                              

P-->49788th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 88th
          wires must be received by 4:00 p.m. (Eastern time) the next business
       day following your purchase. If your wire is not received by 4:00
          p.m. (Eastern time) on the next business day after the fund receives
        your request to purchase shares, your transaction will be canceled
at your expense and risk.                                 

                                                                [Download Table]
                                                                                
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 BANK NAME:        State Street Bank Boston                                     
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 ROUTING NO:       011000028                                                    
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 ATTN:             DWS Scudder                                                  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 DDA NO:           9903-5552                                                    
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 FBO:              (Account name) (Account number)                              
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 CREDIT:           (fund name, fund number and, if applicable, class            
                   name) (see "How to open your fund account")                  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

      Refer to your account statement for the account name and number.
      Wire transfers normally take two or more hours to complete. Wire
         transfers may be restricted on holidays and at certain other times.

  SELLING: You may sell shares by wire only if your account is
       authorized to do so. You will be paid for redeemed shares by wire
         transfer of funds to your financial advisor or bank upon receipt of
       a duly authorized redemption request as promptly as feasible. For
      your protection, you may not change the destination bank account
        over the phone. To sell by wire, contact your financial advisor or
         Shareholder Services at (800) 730-1313. Inform Shareholder Services
       of the amount of your redemption and receive a trade confirmation
         number. The minimum redemption by wire is $1,000. The fund reserves
the right to change the above eligibility requirements and
        investment minimum at any time. We must receive your order by 4:00
     p.m. (Eastern time) to wire your account the next business day.

TELEPHONE TRANSACTIONS:                                   

         You may place orders to buy and sell over the phone by calling your
          financial advisor or Shareholder Services at (800) 730-1313. If your
          shares are in an account with the transfer agent, you may (1) redeem
        by check in an amount up to $100,000, or by wire (minimum $1,000),
        or (2) exchange the shares for Institutional shares of another DWS
fund by calling the                                       
transfer agent.                                           

                             Buying and Selling Institutional Class Shares  | 21

P-->49789th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 89th
        You may make regular investments from a bank checking account. For
    more information on setting up an automatic investment plan or
 payroll investment plan, call Shareholder Services at (800)
730-1313.                                                 

Financial intermediary support payments                   

     The Advisor, DWS Scudder Distributors, Inc. (the "Distributor")
     and/or their affiliates may pay additional compensation, out of
      their own assets and not as an additional charge to the fund, to
          selected affiliated and unaffiliated brokers, dealers, participating
       insurance companies or other financial intermediaries ("financial
        advisors") in connection with the sale and/or distribution of fund
         shares or the retention and/or servicing of fund investors and fund
      shares ("revenue sharing"). Such revenue sharing payments are in
         addition to any distribution or service fees payable under any Rule
        12b-1 or service plan of the fund, any record keeping/sub-transfer
       agency/networking fees payable by the fund (generally through the
    Distributor or an affiliate) and/or the Distributor to certain
   financial advisors for performing such services and any sales
        charges, commissions, non-cash compensation arrangements expressly
permitted under applicable rules of the Financial Industry
          Regulatory Authority ("FINRA") or other concessions described in the
   fee table or elsewhere in this prospectus or the Statement of
      Additional Information as payable to all financial advisors. For
       example, the Advisor, the Distributor and/or their affiliates may
      compensate financial advisors for providing the fund with "shelf
         space" or access to a third party platform or fund offering list or
        other marketing programs, including, without limitation, inclusion
      of the fund on preferred or recommended sales lists, mutual fund
       "supermarket" platforms and other formal sales programs; granting
    the Distributor access to the financial advisor's sales force;
granting the Distributor access to the financial advisor's
        conferences and meetings; assistance in training and educating the
 financial advisor's personnel; and obtaining other forms of
marketing support.                                        

          The level of revenue sharing payments made to financial advisors may
        be a fixed fee or based upon one or more of the following factors:
       gross sales, current assets and/or number of accounts of the fund
        attributable to the financial advisor, the particular fund or fund
         type or other measures as agreed to by the Advisor, the Distributor
and/or their affiliates and the financial advisors or any 
combination thereof. The amount of                        

22 | Buying and Selling Institutional Class Shares                              

P-->49790th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 90th
       these revenue sharing payments is determined at the discretion of
       the Advisor, the Distributor and/or their affiliates from time to
  time, may be substantial, and may be different for different
          financial advisors based on, for example, the nature of the services
provided by the financial advisor.                        

         The Advisor, the Distributor and/or their affiliates currently make
       revenue sharing payments from their own assets in connection with
      the sale and/or distribution of DWS Fund shares or the retention
    and/or servicing of investors and DWS Fund shares to financial
      advisors in amounts that generally range from .01% up to .50% of
          assets of the fund serviced and maintained by the financial advisor,
     .10% to .25% of sales of the fund attributable to the financial
       advisor, a flat fee of $12,500 up to $500,000, or any combination
       thereof. These amounts are subject to change at the discretion of
          the Advisor, the Distributor and/or their affiliates. Receipt of, or
 the prospect of receiving, this additional compensation may
         influence your financial advisor's recommendation of the fund or of
    any particular share class of the fund. You should review your
     financial advisor's compensation disclosure and/or talk to your
financial advisor to obtain more information on how this  
compensation may have influenced your financial advisor's 
        recommendation of the fund. Additional information regarding these
     revenue sharing payments is included in the fund's Statement of
        Additional Information, which is available to you on request at no
        charge (see the back cover of this prospectus for more information
on how to request a copy of the Statement of Additional   
Information).                                             

        The Advisor, the Distributor and/or their affiliates may also make
         such revenue sharing payments to financial advisors under the terms
     discussed above in connection with the distribution of both DWS
       funds and non-DWS funds by financial advisors to retirement plans
   that obtain record keeping services from ADP, Inc. on the DWS
        Scudder branded retirement plan platform (the "Platform") with the
          level of revenue sharing payments being based upon sales of both the
     DWS funds and the non-DWS funds by the financial advisor on the
      Platform or current assets of both the DWS funds and the non-DWS
   funds serviced and maintained by the financial advisor on the
Platform.                                                 

          It is likely that broker-dealers that execute portfolio transactions
      for the fund will include firms that also sell shares of the DWS
      funds to their customers. However, the Advisor will not consider
sales of DWS fund shares as a factor in the selection     

                             Buying and Selling Institutional Class Shares  | 23

P-->49791st Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 91st
     of broker-dealers to execute portfolio transactions for the DWS
  funds. Accordingly, the Advisor has implemented policies and
procedures reasonably designed to prevent its traders from
          considering sales of DWS fund shares as a factor in the selection of
       broker-dealers to execute portfolio transactions for the fund. In
         addition, the Advisor, the Distributor and/or their affiliates will
   not use fund brokerage to pay for their obligation to provide
       additional compensation to financial advisors as described above.

POLICIES YOU SHOULD KNOW ABOUT 

          Along with the information on the previous pages, the policies below
        may affect you as a shareholder. Some of this information, such as
       the section on distributions and taxes, applies to all investors,
including those investing through a financial advisor.    

   If you are investing through a financial advisor or through a
       retirement plan, check the materials you received from them about
         how to buy and sell shares because particular financial advisors or
        other intermediaries may adopt policies, procedures or limitations
          that are separate from those described by the fund. Please note that
        a financial advisor may charge fees separate from those charged by
the fund and may be compensated by the fund.              

          Keep in mind that the information in this prospectus applies only to
     the shares offered herein. Other share classes are described in
     separate prospectuses and have different fees, requirements and
services.                                                 

          In order to reduce the amount of mail you receive and to help reduce
         expenses, we generally send a single copy of any shareholder report
         and prospectus to each household. If you do not want the mailing of
         these documents to be combined with those for other members of your
    household, please contact your financial advisor or call (800)
730-1313.                                                 

24 | Policies You Should Know About                                             

P-->49792nd Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 92nd
Policies about transactions                               

        THE FUND IS OPEN FOR BUSINESS each day the New York Stock Exchange
       is open. The fund calculates its share price for each class every
      business day, as of the close of regular trading on the New York
     Stock Exchange (typically 4:00 p.m. Eastern time, but sometimes
          earlier, as in the case of scheduled half-day trading or unscheduled
    suspensions of trading). You can place an order to buy or sell
shares at any time.                                       

     To help the government fight the funding of terrorism and money
laundering activities, federal law requires all financial 
institutions to obtain, verify and record information that
          identifies each person who opens an account. What this means to you:
        When you open an account, we will ask for your name, address, date
        of birth and other information that will allow us to identify you.
         Some or all of this information will be used to verify the identity
of all persons opening an account.                        

          We might request additional information about you (which may include
         certain documents, such as articles of incorporation for companies)
         to help us verify your identity and, in some cases, the information
       and/or documents may be required to conduct the verification. The
  information and documents will be used solely to verify your
identity.                                                 

   We will attempt to collect any missing required and requested
        information by contacting you or your financial advisor. If we are
          unable to obtain this information within the time frames established
 by the fund, then we may reject your application and order.

   The fund will not invest your purchase until all required and
     requested identification information has been provided and your
          application has been submitted in "good order." After we receive all
         the information, your application is deemed to be in good order and
       we accept your purchase, you will receive the net asset value per
share next calculated.                                    

 If we are unable to verify your identity within time frames
      established by the fund, after a reasonable effort to do so, you
will receive written notification.                        

          With certain limited exceptions, only US residents may invest in the
fund.                                                     

                                            Policies You Should Know About  | 25

P-->49793rd Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 93rd
         Because orders placed through a financial advisor must be forwarded
        to the transfer agent before they can be processed, you'll need to
         allow extra time. Your financial advisor should be able to tell you
approximately when your order will be processed. It is the
       responsibility of your financial advisor to forward your order to
the transfer agent in a timely manner.                    

          SUB-MINIMUM BALANCES. The fund may redeem your shares and close your
        account on 60 days' notice if it fails to meet the minimum account
       balance requirement of $1,000,000 ($250,000 for shareholders with
      existing accounts prior to August 13, 2004) for any reason other
than a change in market value.                            

MARKET TIMING POLICIES AND PROCEDURES. Short-term and excessive
         trading of fund shares may present risks to long-term shareholders,
including potential dilution in the value of fund shares, 
        interference with the efficient management of the fund's portfolio
     (including losses on the sale of investments), taxable gains to
       remaining shareholders and increased brokerage and administrative
      costs. These risks may be more pronounced if the fund invests in
          certain securities, such as those that trade in foreign markets, are
 illiquid or do not otherwise have "readily available market
          quotations." Certain investors may seek to employ short-term trading
      strategies aimed at exploiting variations in portfolio valuation
          that arise from the nature of the securities held by the fund (e.g.,
 "time zone arbitrage"). The fund discourages short-term and
        excessive trading and has adopted policies and procedures that are
    intended to detect and deter short-term and excessive trading.

        Pursuant to its policies, the fund will impose a 2% redemption fee
  on fund shares held for less than a specified holding period
      (subject to certain exceptions discussed below under "Redemption
fees"). The fund also reserves the right to reject or cancel a
         purchase or exchange order for any reason without prior notice. For
         example, the fund may in its discretion reject or cancel a purchase
        or an exchange order even if the transaction is not subject to the
      specific roundtrip transaction limitation described below if the
          Advisor believes that there appears to be a pattern of short-term or
    excessive trading activity by a shareholder or deems any other
   trading activity harmful or disruptive to the fund. The fund,
         through its Advisor and Transfer Agent, will measure short-term and
        excessive trading by the number of roundtrip transactions within a
shareholder's account during a rolling 12-month period. A 
"roundtrip" transaction is                                

26 | Policies You Should Know About                                             

P-->49794th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 94th
    defined as any combination of purchase and redemption activity
        (including exchanges) of the same fund's shares. The fund may take
   other trading activity into account if the fund believes such
  activity is of an amount or frequency that may be harmful to
   long-term shareholders or disruptive to portfolio management.

         Shareholders are limited to four roundtrip transactions in the same
     DWS Fund (excluding money market funds) over a rolling 12-month
          period. Shareholders with four or more roundtrip transactions in the
      same DWS Fund within a rolling 12-month period generally will be
          blocked from making additional purchases of, or exchanges into, that
      DWS Fund. The fund has sole discretion whether to remove a block
         from a shareholder's account. The rights of a shareholder to redeem
 shares of a DWS Fund are not affected by the four roundtrip
       transaction limitation, but all redemptions remain subject to the
   fund's redemption fee policy (see "Redemption fees" described
below).                                                   

         The Advisor may make exceptions to the roundtrip transaction policy
          for certain types of transactions if in its opinion the transactions
         do not represent short-term or excessive trading or are not abusive
     or harmful to the fund, such as, but not limited to, systematic
transactions, required minimum retirement distributions,  
          transactions initiated by the fund or administrator and transactions
by certain qualified fund-of-fund(s).                     

         In certain circumstances where shareholders hold shares of the fund
  through a financial intermediary, the fund may rely upon the
      financial intermediary's policy to deter short-term or excessive
       trading if the Advisor believes that the financial intermediary's
         policy is reasonably designed to detect and deter transactions that
are not in the best interests of the fund. A financial    
       intermediary's policy relating to short-term or excessive trading
     may be more or less restrictive than the DWS Funds' policy, may
 permit certain transactions not permitted by the DWS Funds'
      policies, or prohibit transactions not subject to the DWS Funds'
policies.                                                 

The Advisor may also accept undertakings from a financial 
         intermediary to enforce short-term or excessive trading policies on
      behalf of the fund that provide a substantially similar level of
     protection for the fund against such transactions. For example,
     certain financial intermediaries may have contractual, legal or

                                            Policies You Should Know About  | 27

P-->49795th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 95th
          operational restrictions that prevent them from blocking an account.
     In such instances, the financial intermediary may use alternate
         techniques that the Advisor considers to be a reasonable substitute
for such a block.                                         

    In addition, if the fund invests some portion of its assets in
         foreign securities, it has adopted certain fair valuation practices
          intended to protect the fund from "time zone arbitrage" with respect
         to its foreign securities holdings and other trading practices that
       seek to exploit variations in portfolio valuation that arise from
       the nature of the securities held by the fund. (See "How the fund
calculates share price.")                                 

      There is no assurance that these policies and procedures will be
          effective in limiting short-term and excessive trading in all cases.
      For example, the Advisor may not be able to effectively monitor,
   detect or limit short-term or excessive trading by underlying
     shareholders that occurs through omnibus accounts maintained by
   broker-dealers or other financial intermediaries. The Advisor
        reviews trading activity at the omnibus level to detect short-term
     or excessive trading. If the Advisor has reason to suspect that
        short-term or excessive trading is occurring at the omnibus level,
    the Advisor will contact the financial intermediary to request
       underlying shareholder level activity. Depending on the amount of
         fund shares held in such omnibus accounts (which may represent most
       of the fund's shares) short-term and/or excessive trading of fund
          shares could adversely affect long-term shareholders in the fund. If
          short-term or excessive trading is identified, the Advisor will take
appropriate action.                                       

         The fund's market timing policies and procedures may be modified or
terminated at any time.                                   

REDEMPTION FEES. The fund imposes a redemption fee of 2% of the
         total redemption amount (calculated at net asset value) on all fund
        shares redeemed or exchanged within 15 days of buying them (either
          by purchase or exchange). The redemption fee is paid directly to the
          fund and is designed to encourage long-term investment and to offset
         transaction and other costs associated with short-term or excessive
     trading. For purposes of determining whether the redemption fee
    applies, shares held the longest time will be treated as being
         redeemed first and shares held the shortest time will be treated as
being redeemed last.                                      

28 | Policies You Should Know About                                             

P-->49796th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 96th
      The redemption fee is applicable to fund shares purchased either
directly or through a financial intermediary, such as a   
  broker-dealer. Transactions through financial intermediaries
        typically are placed with the fund on an omnibus basis and include
      both purchase and sale transactions placed on behalf of multiple
          investors. These purchase and sale transactions are generally netted
        against one another and placed on an aggregate basis; consequently
        the identities of the individuals on whose behalf the transactions
          are placed generally are not known to the fund. For this reason, the
     fund has undertaken to notify financial intermediaries of their
         obligation to assess the redemption fee on customer accounts and to
 collect and remit the proceeds to the fund. However, due to
        operational requirements, the intermediaries' methods for tracking
          and calculating the fee may be inadequate or differ in some respects
from the fund's.                                          

   The redemption fee will not be charged in connection with the
        following exchange or redemption transactions: (i) transactions on
    behalf of participants in certain research wrap programs; (ii)
        transactions on behalf of participants in certain group retirement
       plans whose processing systems are incapable of properly applying
          the redemption fee to underlying shareholders; (iii) transactions on
       behalf of a shareholder to return any excess IRA contributions to
      the shareholder; (iv) transactions on behalf of a shareholder to
        effect a required minimum distribution on an IRA; (v) transactions
 on behalf of any mutual fund advised by the Advisor and its
affiliates (e.g., "funds of funds") or, in the case of a  
         master/feeder relationship, redemptions by the feeder fund from the
master portfolio; (vi) transactions on behalf of certain  
  unaffiliated mutual funds operating as funds of funds; (vii)
  transactions following death or disability of any registered
     shareholder, beneficial owner or grantor of a living trust with
    respect to shares purchased before death or disability; (viii)
         transactions involving hardship of any registered shareholder; (ix)
         systematic transactions with pre-defined trade dates for purchases,
         exchanges or redemptions, such as automatic account rebalancing, or
        loan origination and repayments; (x) transactions involving shares
purchased through the reinvestment of dividends or other  
        distributions; (xi) transactions involving shares transferred from
         another account in the same fund or converted from another class of
     the same fund (the redemption fee period will carry over to the
   acquired shares); (xii) transactions initiated by the fund or
        administrator (e.g., redemptions for not meeting account minimums,
to pay                                                    

                                            Policies You Should Know About  | 29

P-->49797th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 97th
      account fees funded by share redemptions, or in the event of the
         liquidation or merger of the fund); or (xiii) transactions in cases
        when there are legal or contractual limitations or restrictions on
        the imposition of the redemption fee (as determined by the fund or
       its agents in their sole discretion). It is the policy of the DWS
 funds to permit approved fund platform providers to execute
          transactions within the funds without the imposition of a redemption
          fee if such providers have implemented alternative measures that are
     determined by the Advisor to provide controls on short-term and
       excessive trading that are comparable to the DWS funds' policies.

   THE AUTOMATED INFORMATION LINE IS AVAILABLE 24 HOURS A DAY BY
         CALLING (800) 621-1048. You can use our automated phone services to
          get information on DWS funds generally and on accounts held directly
         at DWS Scudder. You can also use this service to make exchanges and
sell shares.                                              

     QUICKBUY AND QUICKSELL let you set up a link between a DWS fund
          account and a bank account. Once this link is in place, you can move
       money between the two with a phone call. You'll need to make sure
         your bank has Automated Clearing House (ACH) services. Transactions
       take two to three days to be completed and there is a $50 minimum
      and a $250,000 maximum. To set up QuickBuy or QuickSell on a new
    account, see the account application; to add it to an existing
account, call (800) 730-1313.                             

TELEPHONE AND ELECTRONIC TRANSACTIONS. Generally, you are 
    automatically entitled to telephone and electronic transaction
       privileges, but you may elect not to have them when you open your
          account or by contacting Shareholder Services at (800) 730-1313 at a
later date.                                               

Since many transactions may be initiated by telephone or  
          electronically, it's important to understand that as long as we take
    reasonable steps to ensure that an order to purchase or redeem
shares is genuine, such as recording calls or requesting  
  personalized security codes or other information, we are not
responsible for any losses that may occur as a result. For
         transactions conducted over the Internet, we recommend the use of a
          secure Internet browser. In addition, you should verify the accuracy
         of your confirmation statements immediately after you receive them.

THE FOLLOWING SIDEBAR TEXT APPEARS NEXT TO THE PRECEDING PARAGRAPHS             

The DWS Scudder Web site can be a valuable resource for shareholders with       
Internet access. Go to WWW.DWS-SCUDDER.COM to get up-to-date information, review
balances or even place orders for exchanges.                                    

30 | Policies You Should Know About                                             

P-->49798th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 98th
 THE FUND DOES NOT ISSUE SHARE CERTIFICATES. However, if you
      currently have shares in certificated form, you must include the
   share certificates properly endorsed or accompanied by a duly
       executed stock power when exchanging or redeeming shares. You may
       not exchange or redeem shares in certificate form by telephone or
via the Internet.                                         

        IF YOU PAY FOR SHARES BY CHECK and the check fails to clear, or if
     you order shares by phone and fail to pay for them by 4:00 p.m.
          Eastern time the next business day, we have the right to cancel your
         order, hold you liable or charge you or your account for any losses
       or fees the fund or its agents have incurred. To sell shares, you
          must state whether you would like to receive the proceeds by wire or
check.                                                    

          WHEN YOU ASK US TO SEND OR RECEIVE A WIRE, please note that while we
          don't charge a fee to send or receive wires, it's possible that your
         bank may do so. Wire transactions are generally completed within 24
      hours. The fund can only send wires of $1,000 or more and accept
wires of $50 or more.                                     

      THE FUND ACCEPTS PAYMENT FOR SHARES ONLY IN US DOLLARS by check,
         bank or Federal Funds wire transfer or by electronic bank transfer.
   Please note that the fund does not accept cash, money orders,
          traveler's checks, starter checks, third party checks (except checks
      for retirement plan asset transfers and rollovers or for Uniform
    Gifts to Minors Act/Uniform Transfers to Minors Act accounts),
   checks drawn on foreign banks or checks issued by credit card
 companies or Internet-based companies. Thus, subject to the
          foregoing exceptions for certain third party checks, checks that are
    otherwise permissible must be drawn by the account holder on a
domestic bank and must be payable to the fund.            

SIGNATURE GUARANTEE. When you want to sell more than $100,000 worth
      of shares or send proceeds to a third party or to a new address,
      you'll usually need to place your order in writing and include a
     signature guarantee. However, if you want money wired to a bank
         account that is already on file with us, you don't need a signature
         guarantee. Also, generally you don't need a signature guarantee for
an exchange, although we may require one in certain other 
circumstances.                                            

         A signature guarantee is simply a certification of your signature -
 a valuable safeguard against fraud. You can get a signature
 guarantee from an eligible guarantor institution, including
commercial banks, savings and loans, trust                

THE FOLLOWING SIDEBAR TEXT APPEARS NEXT TO THE PRECEDING PARAGRAPHS             

If you ever have difficulty placing an order by phone or Internet, you can send 
us your order in writing.                                                       

                                            Policies You Should Know About  | 31

P-->49799th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 99th
         companies, credit unions, member firms of a national stock exchange
     or any member or participant of an approved signature guarantor
          program. Note that you can't get a signature guarantee from a notary
public and we must be provided the original guarantee.    

   SELLING SHARES OF TRUST ACCOUNTS AND BUSINESS OR ORGANIZATION
      ACCOUNTS may require additional documentation. Please call (800)
      730-1313 or contact your financial advisor for more information.

         MONEY FROM SHARES YOU SELL is normally sent out within one business
    day of when your order is processed (not when it is received),
        although it could be delayed for up to seven days. There are other
        circumstances when it could be longer: When you are selling shares
        you bought recently by check (redemption proceeds from such a sale
 are unavailable until the check has cleared), when you make
        purchases by ACH (the funds will be placed under a 10 calendar day
         hold to ensure good funds) or when unusual circumstances prompt the
         SEC to allow further delays. Certain expedited redemption processes
        may also be delayed when you are selling recently purchased shares
   or in the event of closing of the Federal Reserve Bank's wire
         payment system. In addition, the fund reserves the right to suspend
or postpone redemptions as permitted pursuant to          
     Section 22(e) of the Investment Company Act of 1940. Generally,
    those circumstances are when 1) the New York Stock Exchange is
         closed other than customary weekend or holiday closings; 2) trading
          on the New York Stock Exchange is restricted; 3) an emergency exists
          which makes the disposal of securities owned by the fund or the fair
        determination of the value of the fund's net assets not reasonably
         practicable; or 4) the SEC, by order, permits the suspension of the
          right of redemption. Redemption payments by wire may also be delayed
       in the event of a non-routine closure of the Federal Reserve wire
        payment system. For additional rights reserved by the fund, please
see "Other rights we reserve."                            

         You may obtain additional information about other ways to sell your
shares by contacting your financial advisor.              

32 | Policies You Should Know About                                             

P-->497100th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 100th
How the fund calculates share price                       

     To calculate net asset value, or NAV, each share class uses the
following equation:                                       

                                                                [Download Table]

 TOTAL ASSETS - TOTAL LIABILITIES                    
-----------------------------------------    =    NAV
    TOTAL NUMBER OF SHARES OUTSTANDING               

The price at which you buy and sell shares is the NAV.    

      THE FUND CHARGES A REDEMPTION FEE EQUAL TO 2.00% of the value of
         shares redeemed or exchanged within 15 days of purchase. Please see
 "Policies about transactions - Redemption fees" for further
information.                                              

     WE TYPICALLY VALUE SECURITIES USING INFORMATION FURNISHED BY AN
          INDEPENDENT PRICING SERVICE OR MARKET QUOTATIONS, WHERE APPROPRIATE.
         However, we may use methods approved by the fund's Board, such as a
         fair valuation model, which are intended to reflect fair value when
      pricing service information or market quotations are not readily
         available or when a security's value or a meaningful portion of the
       value of the fund's portfolio is believed to have been materially
     affected by a significant event, such as a natural disaster, an
economic event like a bankruptcy filing, or a substantial 
          fluctuation in domestic or foreign markets that has occurred between
  the close of the exchange or market on which the security is
        principally traded (for example, a foreign exchange or market) and
          the close of the New York Stock Exchange. In such a case, the fund's
         value for a security is likely to be different from the last quoted
          market price or pricing service information. In addition, due to the
          subjective and variable nature of fair value pricing, it is possible
        that the value determined for a particular asset may be materially
     different from the value realized upon such asset's sale. It is
     expected that the greater the percentage of fund assets that is
          invested in non-US securities, the more extensive will be the fund's
      use of fair value pricing. This is intended to reduce the fund's
 exposure to "time zone arbitrage" and other harmful trading
practices. (See "Market timing policies and procedures.") 

       TO THE EXTENT THAT THE FUND INVESTS IN SECURITIES THAT ARE TRADED
          PRIMARILY IN FOREIGN MARKETS, the value of its holdings could change
        at a time when you aren't able to buy or sell fund shares. This is
        because some foreign markets are open on days or at times when the
          fund doesn't price its shares. (Note that prices for securities that
trade on foreign exchanges can change                     

                                            Policies You Should Know About  | 33

P-->497101st Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 101st
          significantly on days when the New York Stock Exchange is closed and
         you cannot buy or sell fund shares. Price changes in the securities
      the fund owns may ultimately affect the price of fund shares the
next time the NAV is calculated.)                         

Other rights we reserve                                   

You should be aware that we may do any of the following:  

-  withdraw or suspend the offering of shares at any time 

         -  withhold a portion of your distributions and redemption proceeds
          as federal income tax if we have been notified by the IRS that
           you are subject to backup withholding or if you fail to provide
           us with a correct taxpayer ID number and certain certifications
        or certification that you are exempt from backup withholding

  -  reject a new account application if you don't provide any
           required or requested identifying information, or for any other
reason                                              

         -  refuse, cancel, limit or rescind any purchase or exchange order,
             without prior notice; freeze any account (meaning you will not be
          able to purchase fund shares in your account); suspend account
          services; and/or involuntarily redeem your account if we think
    that the account is being used for fraudulent or illegal
             purposes; one or more of these actions will be taken when, at our
     sole discretion, they are deemed to be in the fund's best
            interests or when the fund is requested or compelled to do so by
governmental authority or by applicable law         

         -  close and liquidate your account if we are unable to verify your
      identity, or for other reasons; if we decide to close your
             account, your fund shares will be redeemed at the net asset value
      per share next calculated after we determine to close your
             account (less any applicable redemption fee); you may recognize a
          gain or loss on the redemption of your fund shares and incur a
tax liability                                       

        -  pay you for shares you sell by "redeeming in kind," that is, by
         giving you securities (which typically will involve brokerage
           costs for you to liquidate) rather than cash, but which will be
         taxable to the same extent as a redemption for cash; the fund
          generally won't make a redemption in kind unless your requests
            over a 90-day period total more than $250,000 or 1% of the value
of the fund's net assets, whichever is less         

34 | Policies You Should Know About                                             

P-->497102nd Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 102nd
   -  change, add or withdraw various services, fees and account
      policies (for example, we may adjust the fund's investment
minimums at any time)                               

UNDERSTANDING DISTRIBUTIONS AND TAXES                                           

         The fund intends to distribute to its shareholders virtually all of
         its net earnings. The fund can earn money in two ways: by receiving
         interest, dividends or other income from securities it holds and by
    selling securities for more than it paid for them. (The fund's
       earnings are separate from any gains or losses stemming from your
     own purchase and sale of shares.) The fund may not always pay a
dividend or distribution for a given period.              

        THE FUND INTENDS TO PAY DISTRIBUTIONS to its shareholders annually
          in November or December, and, if necessary, may do so at other times
as well.                                                  

          Dividends or distributions declared to shareholders of record in the
          last quarter of a given calendar year are treated for federal income
        tax purposes as if they were received on December 31 of that year,
         provided such dividends or distributions are paid by the end of the
following January.                                        

For federal income tax purposes, income and capital gains 
 distributions are generally taxable. However, dividends and
   distributions received by retirement plans qualifying for tax
   exemption under federal income tax laws generally will not be
taxable.                                                  

         YOU CAN CHOOSE HOW TO RECEIVE YOUR DIVIDENDS AND DISTRIBUTIONS. You
         can have them all automatically reinvested in fund shares (at NAV),
       all deposited directly to your bank account or all sent to you by
        check, have one type reinvested and the other sent to you by check
        or have them invested in a different fund. Tell us your preference
   on your application. If you don't indicate a preference, your
         dividends and distributions will all be reinvested in shares of the
    fund without a sales charge (if applicable). Distributions are
          treated the same for federal income tax purposes whether you receive
them in cash or reinvest them in additional shares. For   
employer-sponsored qualified plans, and retirement plans, 
reinvestment (at NAV) is the only option.                 

THE FOLLOWING SIDEBAR TEXT APPEARS NEXT TO THE PRECEDING PARAGRAPHS             

Because each shareholder's tax situation is unique, ask your tax professional   
about the tax consequences of your investments, including any state and local   
tax consequences.                                                               

                                     Understanding Distributions and Taxes  | 35

P-->497103rd Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 103rd
         BUYING, SELLING OR EXCHANGING FUND SHARES WILL USUALLY HAVE FEDERAL
   INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES FOR YOU (except in employer-sponsored
        qualified plans, IRAs or other tax-advantaged accounts). Your sale
      of shares may result in a capital gain or loss. The gain or loss
         will be long-term or short-term depending on how long you owned the
         shares that were sold. For federal income tax purposes, an exchange
is treated the same as a sale.                            

          THE FEDERAL INCOME TAX STATUS of the fund's earnings you receive and
your own fund transactions generally depend on their type:

                                                                [Download Table]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
GENERALLY TAXED AT LONG-TERM               GENERALLY TAXED AT ORDINARY          
CAPITAL GAIN RATES:                        INCOME RATES:                        
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

DISTRIBUTIONS FROM THE FUND                                                     
- gains from the sale of                   -  gains from the sale of            
  securities held (or treated as              securities held by the fund for   
  held) by the fund for more                  one year or less                  
  than one year                            -  all other taxable income          
- qualified dividend income                                                     
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
TRANSACTIONS INVOLVING FUND                                                     
SHARES                                                                          
- gains from selling fund                  -  gains from selling fund           
  shares held for more than                   shares held for one year or       
  one year                                    less                              
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

     ANY DIRECT INVESTMENTS IN FOREIGN SECURITIES BY THE FUND MAY BE
          SUBJECT TO FOREIGN WITHHOLDING TAXES. In that case, the fund's yield
          on those securities would generally be decreased. The fund may elect
   to pass through to its shareholders a credit or deduction for
          foreign taxes it has paid if at the end of its year more than 50% of
 the fund's total assets are stocks or securities of foreign
         corporations. In addition, any investments in foreign securities or
          foreign currencies may increase or accelerate the fund's recognition
          of ordinary income and may affect the timing or amount of the fund's
         distributions. If you invest in the fund through a taxable account,
your after-tax return could be negatively impacted.       

        To the extent that the fund invests in certain debt obligations or
   certain other securities, investments in these obligations or
         securities may cause the fund to recognize taxable income in excess
        of the cash generated by such obligations. Thus, the fund could be
          required at times to liquidate other investments in order to satisfy
its distribution requirements.                            

36 | Understanding Distributions and Taxes                                      

P-->497104th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 104th
          For taxable years beginning before January 1, 2011, distributions to
          individuals and other noncorporate shareholders of investment income
          designated by the fund as derived from qualified dividend income are
       eligible for taxation for federal income tax purposes at the more
       favorable long-term capital gain rates. Qualified dividend income
 generally includes dividends from domestic and some foreign
       corporations. It does not include income from investments in debt
      securities or, generally, from REITs. In addition, the fund must
        meet certain holding period and other requirements with respect to
          the dividend-paying stocks in its portfolio and the shareholder must
        meet certain holding period and other requirements with respect to
the fund's shares for the lower tax rates to apply.       

     For taxable years beginning before January 1, 2011, the maximum
federal income tax rate imposed on long-term capital gains
       recognized by individuals and other noncorporate shareholders has
          been reduced to 15%. For taxable years beginning on or after January
1, 2011, the long-term capital gain rate is scheduled to return to
20%. For more information, see the Statement of Additional
Information, under "Taxes."
     YOUR FUND WILL SEND YOU DETAILED FEDERAL INCOME TAX INFORMATION
         EVERY JANUARY. These statements tell you the amount and the federal
     income tax classification of any dividends or distributions you
          received. They also have certain details on your purchases and sales
of shares.                                                

    IF YOU INVEST RIGHT BEFORE THE FUND PAYS A DIVIDEND, you'll be
         getting some of your investment back as a taxable dividend. You can
    avoid this by investing after the fund declares a dividend. In
       tax-advantaged retirement accounts you do not need to worry about
this.                                                     

     CORPORATIONS are taxed at the same rates on ordinary income and
 capital gains, but may be eligible for a dividends-received
       deduction for a portion of the income dividends they receive from
          the fund, provided certain holding period and other requirements are
met.                                                      

   The above discussion is applicable to shareholders who are US
      persons. If you are a non-US person, please consult your own tax
  advisor with respect to the US tax consequences to you of an
investment in the fund.                                   

                                     Understanding Distributions and Taxes  | 37

P-->497105th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 105th
APPENDIX                                                                        
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Hypothetical Expense Summary                              

         Using the annual fund operating expense ratios presented in the fee
     tables in the fund prospectus, the Hypothetical Expense Summary
          shows the estimated fees and expenses, in actual dollars, that would
         be charged on a hypothetical investment of $10,000 in the fund held
       for the next 10 years and the impact of such fees and expenses on
       fund returns for each year and cumulatively, assuming a 5% return
  for each year. The tables also assume that all dividends and
        distributions are reinvested. The annual fund expense ratios shown
          are net of any contractual fee waivers or expense reimbursements, if
          any, for the period of the contractual commitment. The tables do not
reflect redemption fees, if any, which may be payable upon
  redemption. If redemption fees were shown, the "Hypothetical
      Year-End Balance After Fees and Expenses" amounts shown would be
     lower and the "Annual Fees and Expenses" amounts shown would be
         higher. Also, please note that if you are investing through a third
       party provider, that provider may have fees and expenses separate
          from those of the fund that are not reflected here. Mutual fund fees
        and expenses fluctuate over time and actual expenses may be higher
or lower than those shown.                                

         The Hypothetical Expense Summary should not be used or construed as
an offer to sell, a solicitation of an offer to buy or a  
    recommendation or endorsement of any specific mutual fund. You
   should carefully review the fund's prospectus to consider the
          investment objectives, risks, expenses and charges of the fund prior
to investing.                                             

38 | Appendix                                                                   

P-->497106th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 106th
DWS International Fund - Institutional Class  

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

              MAXIMUM           INITIAL HYPOTHETICAL                 ASSUMED RATE          
           SALES CHARGE:             INVESTMENT:                      OF RETURN:           
               0.00%                   $10,000                            5%               
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                              HYPOTHETICAL                 
             CUMULATIVE        ANNUAL       CUMULATIVE          YEAR-END                   
           RETURN BEFORE        FUND       RETURN AFTER      BALANCE AFTER      ANNUAL FEES
              FEES AND        EXPENSE        FEES AND           FEES AND            AND    
YEAR          EXPENSES         RATIOS        EXPENSES           EXPENSES         EXPENSES  
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                           
   1            5.00%        0.78%              4.22%       $ 10,422.00         $  79.65   
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   2           10.25%        0.78%              8.62%       $ 10,861.81         $  83.01   
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   3           15.76%        0.78%             13.20%       $ 11,320.18         $  86.51   
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   4           21.55%        0.78%             17.98%       $ 11,797.89         $  90.16   
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   5           27.63%        0.78%             22.96%       $ 12,295.76         $  93.97   
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   6           34.01%        0.78%             28.15%       $ 12,814.64         $  97.93   
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   7           40.71%        0.78%             33.55%       $ 13,355.42         $ 102.06   
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   8           47.75%        0.78%             39.19%       $ 13,919.02         $ 106.37   
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   9           55.13%        0.78%             45.06%       $ 14,506.40         $ 110.86   
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  10           62.89%        0.78%             51.19%       $ 15,118.57         $ 115.54   
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  TOTAL                                                                         $ 966.06   
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                                                  Appendix  | 39

P-->497107th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 107th
TO GET MORE INFORMATION                                                         

SHAREHOLDER REPORTS - These include commentary from the fund's management team  
about recent market conditions and the effects of the fund's strategies on its  
performance. They also have detailed performance figures, a list of everything  
the fund owns, and its financial statements. Shareholders get these reports     
automatically.                                                                  

STATEMENT OF ADDITIONAL INFORMATION (SAI) - This tells you more about the       
fund's features and policies, including additional risk information. The SAI is 
incorporated by reference into this document (meaning that it's legally part of 
this prospectus).                                                               

For a free copy of any of these documents or to request other information about 
the fund, call (800) 730-1313, or contact DWS Scudder at the address listed     
below. The fund's SAI and shareholder reports are also available through the    
DWS Scudder Web site at www.dws-scudder.com. These documents and other          
information about the fund are available from the EDGAR Database on the SEC's   
Internet site at www.sec.gov. If you like, you may obtain copies of this        
information, after paying a copying fee, by e-mailing a request to              
publicinfo@sec.gov or by writing the SEC at the address listed below. You can   
also review and copy these documents and other information about the fund,      
including the fund's SAI, at the SEC's Public Reference Room in Washington,     
D.C. Information on the operation of the SEC's Public Reference Room may be     
obtained by calling (800) SEC-0330.                                             

                                                                [Download Table]

DWS SCUDDER              SEC                     DISTRIBUTOR                    
---------------------    --------------------    -------------------------------
                                                                                
PO Box 219210            100 F Street, N.E.      DWS Scudder Distributors, Inc. 
Kansas City, MO          Washington, D.C.        222 South Riverside Plaza      
64121-9210               20549-0102              Chicago, IL 60606-5808
WWW.DWS-SCUDDER.COM WWW.SEC.GOV             (800) 621-1148                 
(800) 730-1313           (800) SEC-0330                                         

                                                                [Download Table]

SEC FILE NUMBER:                                                     
DWS International Fund, Inc.        DWS International Fund    811-642

                                         [DWS SCUDDER LOGO GRAPHIC APPEARS HERE]

(12/01/07) DIF-1-IN                                                             
[RECYCLE GRAPHIC APPEARS HERE]                                                  

P-->497108th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 108th
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

DECEMBER 1, 2007

PROSPECTUS
------------------  
CLASS S 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

DWS GLOBAL THEMATIC FUND
DWS INTERNATIONAL FUND

As with all mutual funds, the Securities and Exchange  Commission (SEC) does not
approve or disapprove these shares or determine  whether the information in this
prospectus  is  truthful  or  complete.  It is a criminal  offense for anyone to
inform you otherwise.                                                           

                                         [DWS SCUDDER LOGO GRAPHIC APPEARS HERE]

P-->497109th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 109th
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

CONTENTS                                                                        
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                                                [Download Table]

HOW EACH FUND WORKS              

  4      DWS Global Thematic Fund

 12      DWS International Fund  

 20      Other Policies and Risks

 21      Who Manages and Oversees
         the Funds               

 24      Financial Highlights    

                                                                [Download Table]
 
HOW TO INVEST IN THE FUNDS 

 27      How to Buy, Sell and       
         Exchange Shares            

 31      Policies You Should Know   
         About                      

 43      Understanding Distributions
         and Taxes                  

 46      Appendix                   

P-->497110th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 110th
HOW EACH FUND WORKS                                                             

On the next few pages, you'll find information about each fund's investment     
goal, the main strategies each uses to pursue that goal and the main risks that 
could affect performance.                                                       

Whether you are considering investing in a fund or are already a shareholder,   
you'll want to LOOK THIS INFORMATION OVER CAREFULLY. You may want to keep it on 
hand for reference as well.                                                     

CLASS S shares are generally only available to new investors through fee-based  
programs of investment dealers that have special agreements with each fund's    
distributor and through certain registered investment advisors. These dealers   
and advisors typically charge ongoing fees for services they provide.           

Remember that mutual funds are investments, not bank deposits. They're not      
insured or guaranteed by the FDIC or any other government agency. Their share   
prices will go up and down, and you could lose money by investing in them.      

You can find DWS prospectuses on the Internet at WWW.DWS-SCUDDER.COM (the Web   
site does not form a part of this prospectus).                                  

P-->497111th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 111th
                                                                [Download Table]
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                
                                                                Class S         
                                             ticker symbol      SCOBX           
                                               fund number      2007            

DWS GLOBAL THEMATIC FUND                                                        
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


THE FUND'S MAIN INVESTMENT STRATEGY 

The fund seeks long-term growth of capital.             

           The fund invests at least 65% of its total assets in US and foreign
          equities (equities issued by US and foreign-based companies). Most
       of the fund's equities are common stocks. Although the fund can
        invest in companies of any size and from any country, it invests
          mainly in common stocks of established companies in countries with
     developed economies. The fund's equity investments are mainly
      common stocks, but may also include preferred stocks and other
   securities with equity characteristics, such as convertible
securities and warrants.                                

           In choosing securities, the portfolio manager uses a combination of
three analytical disciplines:                           

           BOTTOM-UP RESEARCH. The manager looks for individual companies with
          a history of above-average growth, strong competitive positioning,
       attractive prices relative to potential growth, sound financial
strength and effective management, among other factors. 

          GROWTH ORIENTATION. The manager generally looks for companies that
         the manager believes have above-average potential for sustainable
    growth of revenue or earnings and whose market value appears
reasonable in light of their business prospects.        

        ANALYSIS OF GLOBAL THEMES. The manager considers global economic
       outlooks, seeking to identify industries and companies that are
      likely to benefit from social, political and economic changes.

      The manager uses analytical tools to actively monitor the risk
    profile of the portfolio as compared to comparable funds and
appropriate benchmarks and peer groups.                 

4 | DWS Global Thematic Fund                                                    

P-->497112th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 112th
          The manager may favor different types of securities from different
industries and companies at different times, while still
        maintaining variety in terms of the types of securities, issuers
and countries represented.                              

        The manager will normally sell a stock when the manager believes
      its price is unlikely to go much higher, its fundamentals have
        deteriorated, other investments offer better opportunities or in
       the course of adjusting the fund's exposure to a given country.

          OTHER INVESTMENTS. The fund is permitted, but not required, to use
        various types of derivatives (contracts whose value is based on,
           for example, indices, currencies or securities). Derivatives may be
   used for hedging and for risk management or for non-hedging
     purposes to seek to enhance potential gains. The fund may use
        derivatives in circumstances where portfolio management believes
          they offer an economical means of gaining exposure to a particular
           asset class or to keep cash on hand to meet shareholder redemptions
or other needs while maintaining exposure to the market.

          SECURITIES LENDING. The fund may lend its investment securities in
an amount up to 33 1/3% of its total assets to approved 
         institutional borrowers who need to borrow securities in order to
complete certain transactions.                          

THE MAIN RISKS OF INVESTING IN THE FUND                 

 There are several risk factors that could hurt the fund's
performance, cause you to lose money or cause the fund's
performance to trail that of other investments.         

        STOCK MARKET RISK. As with most stock funds, an important factor
         with this fund is how stock markets perform - in this case US and
         foreign stock markets. When US and foreign stock prices fall, you
   should expect the value of your investment to fall as well.
         Compared to large company stocks, small company stocks tend to be
      more volatile, in part because these companies tend to be less
      established and the valuation of their stocks often depends on
        future expectations. Because a stock represents ownership in its
      issuer, stock prices can be hurt by poor management, shrinking
        product demand and other business risks. These may affect single
           companies as well as groups of companies. In addition, movements in
financial markets may adversely affect a stock's        

THE FOLLOWING SIDEBAR TEXT APPEARS NEXT TO THE PRECEDING PARAGRAPHS             

This fund is designed for long-term  investors  who are  interested in a broadly
diversified approach to global investing with an emphasis on long-term growth of
capital.                                                                        

                                                   DWS Global Thematic Fund  | 5

P-->497113th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 113th
           price, regardless of how well the company performs. The market as a
           whole may not favor the types of investments the fund makes and the
fund may not be able to get attractive prices for them. 

          SECURITY SELECTION RISK. A risk that pervades all investing is the
       risk that the securities in the fund's portfolio may decline in
value.                                                  

    FOREIGN INVESTMENT RISK. Foreign investments involve certain
special risks, including:                               

    -  POLITICAL RISK. Some foreign governments have limited the
             outflow of profits to investors abroad, imposed restrictions on
             the exchange or export of foreign currency, extended diplomatic
       disputes to include trade and financial relations, seized
foreign investment and imposed high taxes.        

           -  INFORMATION RISK. Companies based in foreign markets are usually
         not subject to accounting, auditing and financial reporting
      standards and practices as stringent as those in the US.
           Therefore, their financial reports may present an incomplete,
              untimely or misleading picture of a foreign company, as compared
to the financial reports of US companies.         

  -  LIQUIDITY RISK. Investments that trade less can be more
              difficult or more costly to buy, or to sell, than more liquid or
        active investments. This liquidity risk is a factor of the
            trading volume of a particular investment, as well as the size
             and liquidity of the entire local market. On the whole, foreign
            exchanges are smaller and less liquid than the US market. This
            can make buying and selling certain investments more difficult
             and costly. Relatively small transactions in some instances can
            have a disproportionately large effect on the price and supply
           of securities. In certain situations, it may become virtually
         impossible to sell an investment in an orderly fashion at a
          price that approaches portfolio management's estimate of its
         value. For the same reason, it may at times be difficult to
value the fund's foreign investments.             

         -  REGULATORY RISK. There is generally less government regulation
              of foreign markets, companies and securities dealers than in the
US.                                               

6 | DWS Global Thematic Fund                                                    

P-->497114th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 114th
       -  CURRENCY RISK. The fund invests in securities denominated in
              foreign currencies. This creates the possibility that changes in
              exchange rates between foreign currencies and the US dollar will
               affect the US dollar value of foreign securities or the income or
gain received on these securities.                

           -  LIMITED LEGAL RECOURSE RISK. Legal remedies for investors may be
 more limited than the remedies available in the US.

          -  TRADING PRACTICE RISK. Brokerage commissions and other fees are
  generally higher for foreign investments than for US
     investments. The procedures and rules governing foreign
          transactions and custody may also involve delays in payment,
delivery or recovery of money or investments.     

        -  TAXES. Foreign withholding and certain other taxes may reduce
             the amount of income available to distribute to shareholders of
            the fund. In addition, special US tax considerations may apply
to the fund's foreign investments.                

      EMERGING MARKET RISK. All of the risks of investing in foreign
           securities are increased in connection with investments in emerging
    markets securities. In addition, profound social changes and
         business practices that depart from norms in developed countries'
        economies have hindered the orderly growth of emerging economies
       and their markets in the past and have caused instability. High
         levels of debt tend to make emerging economies heavily reliant on
         foreign capital and vulnerable to capital flight. These countries
    are also more likely to experience high levels of inflation,
      deflation or currency devaluation, which could also hurt their
      economies and securities markets. For these and other reasons,
         investments in emerging markets are often considered speculative.

       PRICING RISK. At times, market conditions might make it hard to
      value some investments, and the fund may use certain valuation
     methodologies for some of its investments, such as fair value
         pricing. Given the subjective nature of such methodologies, it is
   possible that the value determined for an investment may be
         different than the value realized upon such investment's sale. If
     the fund has valued its securities too highly, you may end up
          paying too much for fund shares when you buy into the fund. If the
    fund underestimates the price of its securities, you may not
         receive the full market value for your fund shares when you sell.

                                                   DWS Global Thematic Fund  | 7

P-->497115th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 115th
           SECURITIES LENDING RISK. Any loss in the market price of securities
           loaned by the fund that occurs during the term of the loan would be
borne by the fund and would adversely affect the fund's 
        performance. Also, there may be delays in recovery of securities
    loaned or even a loss of rights in the collateral should the
     borrower of the securities fail financially while the loan is
           outstanding. However, loans will be made only to borrowers selected
   by the fund's delegate after a review of relevant facts and
      circumstances, including the creditworthiness of the borrower.

       DERIVATIVES RISK. Risks associated with derivatives include the
          risk that the derivative is not well correlated with the security,
        index or currency to which it relates; the risk that derivatives
     may not have the intended effects and may result in losses or
           missed opportunities; the risk that the fund will be unable to sell
        the derivative because of an illiquid secondary market; the risk
          that a counterparty is unwilling or unable to meet its obligation;
          and the risk that the derivative transaction could expose the fund
   to the effects of leverage, which could increase the fund's
        exposure to the market and magnify potential losses. There is no
         guarantee that derivatives, to the extent employed, will have the
        intended effect, and their use could cause lower returns or even
       losses to the fund. The use of derivatives by the fund to hedge
           risk may reduce the opportunity for gain by offsetting the positive
effect of favorable price movements.                    

Another factor that could affect performance is:        

 -  portfolio management could be wrong in the analysis of
  industries, companies, economic trends, the relative
      attractiveness of different securities or other matters.

8 | DWS Global Thematic Fund                                                    

P-->497116th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 116th
THE FUND'S PERFORMANCE HISTORY                                                  

While a fund's past performance (before and after taxes) isn't necessarily a    
sign of how it will do in the future, it can be valuable for an investor to     
know.                                                                           

The bar chart shows how the performance of the fund's Class S shares has varied 
from year to year, which may give some idea of risk. The table on the following 
page shows how fund performance compares to relevant index information (which,  
unlike fund performance, does not reflect fees or expenses). The performance of 
both the fund and the index information varies over time. All figures assume    
reinvestment of dividends and distributions (in the case of after-tax returns,  
reinvested net of assumed tax rates).                                           

The table shows returns for Class S shares on a before-tax and after-tax basis. 
After-tax returns are estimates calculated using the historical highest         
individual federal marginal income tax rates and do not reflect the impact of   
state and local taxes. Actual after-tax returns depend on an investor's tax     
situation and may differ from those shown in the table. After-tax returns shown 
are not relevant for investors who hold their shares through tax-deferred       
arrangements, such as 401(k) plans or individual retirement accounts.           

DWS Global Thematic Fund                                                        

ANNUAL TOTAL RETURN (%) AS OF 12/31 EACH YEAR - Class S                         

[BAR CHART GRAPHIC APPEARS HERE]                                                

                                                                [Download Table]
                                                                       
17.24  12.59  23.47  -3.01  -16.40   -17.00  32.23  15.04  23.29  30.35
1997   1998   1999   2000   2001    2002     2003   2004   2005   2006 

                                                                [Download Table]

2007 TOTAL RETURN AS OF SEPTEMBER 30: 11.60%                                

FOR THE PERIODS INCLUDED IN THE BAR CHART:                                  
BEST QUARTER: 15.20%, Q4 1999                WORST QUARTER: -17.42%, Q3 2002

                                               DWS Global Thematic Fund  | 9

P-->497117th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 117th
AVERAGE ANNUAL TOTAL RETURNS (%) as of 12/31/2006                               

                                                                [Download Table]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                              1 YEAR       5 YEARS      10 YEARS
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 CLASS S                                                                        
   Return before Taxes                          30.35        15.20        10.37 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   Return after Taxes on Distributions          25.82        13.95         8.13 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   Return after Taxes on Distributions                                          
   and Sale of Fund Shares                      23.24        13.03         8.00 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 MORGAN STANLEY CAPITAL                                                         
 INTERNATIONAL (MSCI) WORLD INDEX                                               
 (reflects no deductions for fees,                                              
 expenses or taxes)                             20.07         9.97         7.64 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Total returns would have been lower had operating expenses not been reduced.    

MSCI WORLD INDEX is an unmanaged capitalization-weighted measure of stock       
markets around the world, including North America, Europe, Australia and Asia.  

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Current performance may be higher or lower than the performance data quoted     
above. For more recent performance information, call your financial advisor or  
(800) 728-3337 or visit our Web site at www.dws-scudder.com.                    

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The RETURN AFTER TAXES ON DISTRIBUTIONS assumes that an investor holds fund     
shares at the end of the period. The number represents only the fund's taxable  
distributions and not a shareholder's gain or loss from selling fund shares.    

The RETURN AFTER TAXES ON DISTRIBUTIONS AND SALE OF FUND SHARES assumes that an 
investor sold his or her fund shares at the end of the period. The number       
reflects both the fund's taxable distributions and a shareholder's gain or loss 
from selling fund shares.                                                       

10 | DWS Global Thematic Fund                                                   

P-->497118th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 118th
HOW MUCH INVESTORS PAY                                                          

The fund's Class S shares have no sales charges or other shareholder fees other 
than a short-term redemption/exchange fee. This information doesn't include any 
fees that may be charged by your financial advisor. The fund does have annual   
operating expenses, and as a shareholder of Class S shares you pay them         
indirectly.                                                                     

                                                                [Download Table]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
FEE TABLE                                             CLASS S                   
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                
 SHAREHOLDER FEES, paid directly from your investment                           
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Redemption/Exchange fee on shares                                              
 owned less than 15 days (as % of                                               
 redemption proceeds) 1                                  2.00%                  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 ANNUAL OPERATING EXPENSES, deducted from fund assets                           
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Management Fee 2                                        0.94%                  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Distribution/Service (12b-1) Fee                        None                   
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Other Expenses                                          0.24                   
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Acquired Funds (Underlying Funds) Fees                                         
 and Expenses 3                                          0.01                   
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 TOTAL ANNUAL OPERATING EXPENSES                         1.19                   
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

1    This fee is charged on all applicable redemptions or exchanges. Please see 
    "Policies You Should Know About - Policies about transactions" for further
information.                                                          

2    Includes 0.10% administration fee.                                         

3    The indicated is based on the indirect net expenses associated with the    
    fund's investment in the underlying funds for the fiscal year ended August
31, 2007.                                                             

Based on the costs above, this example helps you compare the fund's Class S     
shares expenses to those of other mutual funds. The example assumes the         
expenses above remain the same, and that you invested $10,000, earned 5% annual 
returns, reinvested all dividends and distributions, and sold your shares at    
the end of each period. This is only an example; actual expenses will be        
different.                                                                      

                                                                [Download Table]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXAMPLE               1 YEAR      3 YEARS      5 YEARS      10 YEARS            
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                
 Class S shares        $121         $378         $654       $1,443              
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                                  DWS Global Thematic Fund  | 11

P-->497119th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 119th
                                                                [Download Table]
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                
                                                                Class S         
                                            ticker symbol       SCINX           
                                              fund number       2068            

DWS INTERNATIONAL FUND                                                          
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


THE FUND'S MAIN INVESTMENT STRATEGY 

        The fund seeks long-term growth of capital by investing at least
       65% of its total assets in foreign equities (equities issued by
 foreign-based companies and listed on foreign exchanges).

          Although the fund can invest in companies of any size and from any
  country, it invests mainly in common stocks of established
       companies in countries with developed economies (other than the
      United States). The fund may invest up to 20% of net assets in
        foreign debt securities, including convertible bonds. The fund's
         equity investments are mainly common stocks, but may also include
          preferred stocks and other securities with equity characteristics,
such as convertible securities and warrants.            

           In choosing securities, the portfolio manager uses a combination of
two analytical disciplines:                             

          BOTTOM-UP RESEARCH. The manager look for individual companies with
          a history of above average growth, strong competitive positioning,
       attractive prices relative to potential growth, sound financial
strength and effective management, among other factors. 

          TOP-DOWN ANALYSIS. The manager considers the economic outlooks for
       various sectors and industries while looking for those that may
 benefit from changes in the overall business environment.

          The manager may favor different types of securities from different
industries and companies at different times, while still
        maintaining variety in terms of the types of securities, issuers
and countries represented.                              

        The manager will normally sell a stock when the manager believes
      its price is unlikely to go much higher, its fundamentals have
        deteriorated, other investments offer better opportunities or in
       the course of adjusting the fund's exposure to a given country.

12 | DWS International Fund                                                     

P-->497120th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 120th
          OTHER INVESTMENTS. The fund is permitted, but not required, to use
        various types of derivatives (contracts whose value is based on,
           for example, indices, currencies or securities). Derivatives may be
   used for hedging and for risk management or for non-hedging
     purposes to seek to enhance potential gains. The fund may use
        derivatives in circumstances where portfolio management believes
          they offer an economical means of gaining exposure to a particular
           asset class or to keep cash on hand to meet shareholder redemptions
or other needs while maintaining exposure to the market.

          SECURITIES LENDING. The fund may lend its investment securities in
an amount up to 33 1/3% of its total assets to approved 
         institutional borrowers who need to borrow securities in order to
complete certain transactions.                          

THE MAIN RISKS OF INVESTING IN THE FUND                 

 There are several risk factors that could hurt the fund's
performance, cause you to lose money or cause the fund's
performance to trail that of other investments.         

        STOCK MARKET RISK. As with most stock funds, an important factor
        with this fund is how stock markets perform - (to the extent the
  fund invests in a particular geographic region, the fund's
            performance may be proportionately affected by that region's general
            performance). When stock prices fall, you should expect the value of
   your investment to fall as well. Because a stock represents
 ownership in its issuer, stock prices can be hurt by poor
            management, shrinking product demand and other business risks. These
      may affect single companies as well as groups of companies. In
       addition, movements in financial markets may adversely affect a
       stock's price, regardless of how well the company performs. The
         market as a whole may not favor the types of investments the fund
       makes and the fund may not be able to get attractive prices for
them.                                                   

          SECURITY SELECTION RISK. A risk that pervades all investing is the
       risk that the securities in the fund's portfolio may decline in
value.                                                  

    FOREIGN INVESTMENT RISK. Foreign investments involve certain
special risks, including:                               

THE FOLLOWING SIDEBAR TEXT APPEARS NEXT TO THE PRECEDING PARAGRAPHS             

The fund is designed for investors who are interested in a broadly diversified  
non-US international investment with the emphasis squarely on long-term growth  
of capital.                                                                     

                                                    DWS International Fund  | 13

P-->497121st Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 121st
            -  POLITICAL RISK. Some foreign governments have limited the outflow
         of profits to investors abroad, imposed restrictions on the
         exchange or export of foreign currency, extended diplomatic
               disputes to include trade and financial relations, seized foreign
investment and imposed high taxes.                

           -  INFORMATION RISK. Companies based in foreign markets are usually
         not subject to accounting, auditing and financial reporting
      standards and practices as stringent as those in the US.
           Therefore, their financial reports may present an incomplete,
              untimely or misleading picture of a foreign company, as compared
to the financial reports of US companies.         

  -  LIQUIDITY RISK. Investments that trade less can be more
              difficult or more costly to buy, or to sell, than more liquid or
        active investments. This liquidity risk is a factor of the
            trading volume of a particular investment, as well as the size
             and liquidity of the entire local market. On the whole, foreign
            exchanges are smaller and less liquid than the US market. This
            can make buying and selling certain investments more difficult
             and costly. Relatively small transactions in some instances can
            have a disproportionately large effect on the price and supply
           of securities. In certain situations, it may become virtually
         impossible to sell an investment in an orderly fashion at a
          price that approaches portfolio management's estimate of its
         value. For the same reason, it may at times be difficult to
value the fund's foreign investments.             

         -  REGULATORY RISK. There is generally less government regulation
              of foreign markets, companies and securities dealers than in the
US.                                               

       -  CURRENCY RISK. The fund invests in securities denominated in
              foreign currencies. This creates the possibility that changes in
              exchange rates between foreign currencies and the US dollar will
            affect the US dollar value of foreign securities or the income
or gain received on these securities.             

           -  LIMITED LEGAL RECOURSE RISK. Legal remedies for investors may be
 more limited than the remedies available in the US.

14 | DWS International Fund                                                     

P-->497122nd Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 122nd
          -  TRADING PRACTICE RISK. Brokerage commissions and other fees are
               generally higher for foreign investments than for US investments.
         The procedures and rules governing foreign transactions and
              custody may also involve delays in payment, delivery or recovery
of money or investments.                          

        -  TAXES. Foreign withholding and certain other taxes may reduce
             the amount of income available to distribute to shareholders of
            the fund. In addition, special US tax considerations may apply
to the fund's foreign investments.                

      EMERGING MARKET RISK. All of the risks of investing in foreign
           securities are increased in connection with investments in emerging
    markets securities. In addition, profound social changes and
         business practices that depart from norms in developed countries'
        economies have hindered the orderly growth of emerging economies
       and their markets in the past and have caused instability. High
         levels of debt tend to make emerging economies heavily reliant on
         foreign capital and vulnerable to capital flight. These countries
    are also more likely to experience high levels of inflation,
      deflation or currency devaluation, which could also hurt their
      economies and securities markets. For these and other reasons,
         investments in emerging markets are often considered speculative.

       PRICING RISK. At times, market conditions might make it hard to
      value some investments, and the fund may use certain valuation
     methodologies for some of its investments, such as fair value
         pricing. Given the subjective nature of such methodologies, it is
   possible that the value determined for an investment may be
         different than the value realized upon such investment's sale. If
     the fund has valued its securities too highly, you may end up
          paying too much for fund shares when you buy into the fund. If the
    fund underestimates the price of its securities, you may not
         receive the full market value for your fund shares when you sell.

           SECURITIES LENDING RISK. Any loss in the market price of securities
           loaned by the fund that occurs during the term of the loan would be
borne by the fund and would adversely affect the fund's 
        performance. Also, there may be delays in recovery of securities
    loaned or even a loss of rights in the collateral should the
borrower of the securities fail financially             

                                                    DWS International Fund  | 15

P-->497123rd Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 123rd
          while the loan is outstanding. However, loans will be made only to
   borrowers selected by the fund's delegate after a review of
           relevant facts and circumstances, including the creditworthiness of
the borrower.                                           

       DERIVATIVES RISK. Risks associated with derivatives include the
          risk that the derivative is not well correlated with the security,
        index or currency to which it relates; the risk that derivatives
     may not have the intended effects and may result in losses or
           missed opportunities; the risk that the fund will be unable to sell
        the derivative because of an illiquid secondary market; the risk
          that a counterparty is unwilling or unable to meet its obligation;
          and the risk that the derivative transaction could expose the fund
   to the effects of leverage, which could increase the fund's
        exposure to the market and magnify potential losses. There is no
         guarantee that derivatives, to the extent employed, will have the
        intended effect, and their use could cause lower returns or even
       losses to the fund. The use of derivatives by the fund to hedge
           risk may reduce the opportunity for gain by offsetting the positive
effect of favorable price movements.                    

Another factor that could affect performance is:        

 -  portfolio management could be wrong in the analysis of
  industries, companies, economic trends, the relative
      attractiveness of different securities or other matters.

16 | DWS International Fund                                                     

P-->497124th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 124th
THE FUND'S PERFORMANCE HISTORY                                                  

While a fund's past performance (before and after taxes) isn't necessarily a    
sign of how it will do in the future, it can be valuable for an investor to     
know.                                                                           

The bar chart shows how the performance of the fund's Class S shares has varied 
from year to year, which may give some idea of risk. The table on the following 
page shows how fund performance compares to relevant index information (which,  
unlike fund performance, does not reflect fees or expenses). The performance of 
both the fund and the index information varies over time. All figures assume    
reinvestment of dividends and distributions (in the case of after-tax returns,  
reinvested net of assumed tax rates).                                           

The table shows returns for Class S shares on a before-tax and after-tax basis. 
After-tax returns are estimates calculated using the historical highest         
individual federal marginal income tax rates and do not reflect the impact of   
state and local taxes. Actual after-tax returns depend on an investor's tax     
situation and may differ from those shown in the table. After-tax returns shown 
are not relevant for investors who hold their shares through tax-deferred       
arrangements, such as 401(k) plans or individual retirement accounts.           

DWS International Fund                                                          

ANNUAL TOTAL RETURN (%) AS OF 12/31 EACH YEAR - Class S                         

[BAR CHART GRAPHIC APPEARS HERE]                                                

                                                                [Download Table]
                                                                       
7.98  18.62  57.89  -19.23  -26.89   -16.37  27.91  16.85  16.29  26.15
1997  1998   1999   2000    2001    2002     2003   2004   2005   2006 

                                                                [Download Table]

2007 TOTAL RETURN AS OF SEPTEMBER 30: 16.36%                                

FOR THE PERIODS INCLUDED IN THE BAR CHART:                                  
BEST QUARTER: 30.46%, Q4 1999                WORST QUARTER: -19.37%, Q3 2002

                                                  DWS International Fund  | 17

P-->497125th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 125th
AVERAGE ANNUAL TOTAL RETURNS (%) as of 12/31/2006                               

                                                                [Download Table]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                              1 YEAR       5 YEARS      10 YEARS
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 CLASS S                                                                        
   Return before Taxes                          26.15        12.89         8.15 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   Return after Taxes on Distributions          25.40        12.69         7.14 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   Return after Taxes on Distributions                                          
   and Sale of Fund Shares                      17.56        11.34         6.82 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 MORGAN STANLEY CAPITAL                                                         
 INTERNATIONAL (MSCI) EUROPE,                                                   
 AUSTRALASIA, FAR EAST (EAFE) INDEX                                             
 (reflects no deductions for fees,                                              
 expenses or taxes)                             26.34        14.98         7.71 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Total returns would have been lower had operating expenses not been reduced.    

MORGAN STANLEY CAPITAL INTERNATIONAL (MSCI) EUROPE, AUSTRALASIA AND THE FAR EAST
(EAFE) INDEX is an unmanaged index that tracks international stock performance  
in the 21 developed markets of Europe, Australasia and the Far East.            

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Current performance may be higher or lower than the performance data quoted     
above. For more recent performance information, call your financial advisor or  
(800) 728-3337 or visit our Web site at www.dws-scudder.com.                    

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The RETURN AFTER TAXES ON DISTRIBUTIONS assumes that an investor holds fund     
shares at the end of the period. The number represents only the fund's taxable  
distributions and not a shareholder's gain or loss from selling fund shares.    

The RETURN AFTER TAXES ON DISTRIBUTIONS AND SALE OF FUND SHARES assumes that an 
investor sold his or her fund shares at the end of the period. The number       
reflects both the fund's taxable distributions and a shareholder's gain or loss 
from selling fund shares.                                                       

18 | DWS International Fund                                                     

P-->497126th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 126th
HOW MUCH INVESTORS PAY                                                          

The fund's Class S shares have no sales charges or other shareholder fees, other
than a short-term redemption/exchange fee. This information doesn't include any 
fees that may be charged by your financial advisor. The fund does have annual   
operating expenses and as a shareholder of Class S shares you pay them          
indirectly.                                                                     

                                                                [Download Table]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
FEE TABLE                                                       CLASS S         
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                
 SHAREHOLDER FEES, paid directly from your investment                           
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Redemption/Exchange fee on shares                                              
 owned less than 15 days (as % of                                               
 redemption proceeds) 1                                         2.00%           
 ANNUAL OPERATING EXPENSES, deducted from fund assets                           
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Management Fee 2                                               0.67%           
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Distribution/Service (12b-1) Fee                               None            
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Other Expenses                                                 0.25            
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 TOTAL ANNUAL OPERATING EXPENSES 3                              0.92            
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

1    This fee is charged on all applicable redemptions or exchanges. Please see 
    "Policies You Should Know About - Policies about transactions" for further
information.                                                          

2    Restated on an annualized basis to reflect fee changes that took effect on 
June 11, 2007. Includes 0.10% administration fee.                     

3    Through November 30, 2010, the Advisor has contractually agreed to waive   
all or a portion of its management fee and reimburse or pay operating 
   expenses of the fund to the extent necessary to maintain the fund's total
    operating expenses at 0.95% for Class S shares, excluding certain expenses
such as extraordinary expenses, taxes, brokerage and interest.        

Based on the costs above, this example helps you compare the fund's Class S     
shares expenses to those of other mutual funds. This example assumes the        
expenses above remain the same. It also assumes that you invested $10,000,      
earned 5% annual returns, reinvested all dividends and distributions and sold   
your shares at the end of each period. This is only an example; actual expenses 
will be different.                                                              

                                                                [Download Table]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXAMPLE               1 YEAR      3 YEARS      5 YEARS      10 YEARS            
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                
 Class S shares         $94         $293         $509       $1,131              
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                                    DWS International Fund  | 19

P-->497127th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 127th
OTHER POLICIES AND RISKS                                                        

      While the previous pages describe the main points of each fund's
     strategy and risks, there are a few other issues to know about:

        -  Although major changes tend to be infrequent, each fund's Board
      could change a fund's investment objective without seeking
shareholder approval.                               

      -  As a temporary defensive measure, each fund could shift up to
           100% of assets into investments such as money market securities
            and DWS International Fund could shift up to 100% of assets into
             US or Canadian money market securities This could prevent losses,
             but, while engaged in a temporary defensive position, a fund will
   not be pursuing its investment goal. However, portfolio
         management may choose not to use these strategies for various
reasons, even in volatile market conditions.        

For more information                                      

    This prospectus doesn't tell you about every policy or risk of
investing in each fund.                                   

          If you want more information on each fund's allowable securities and
         investment practices and the characteristics and risks of each one,
   you may want to request a copy of the Statement of Additional
Information (the back cover tells you how to do this).    

          Keep in mind that there is no assurance that a fund will achieve its
goal.                                                     

       A complete list of each fund's portfolio holdings is posted as of
        the month-end on www.dws-scudder.com (the Web site does not form a
        part of this prospectus) on or after the last day of the following
          month. This posted information generally remains accessible at least
         until the date on which a fund files its Form N-CSR or N-Q with the
         Securities and Exchange Commission for the period that includes the
      date as of which the posted information is current. In addition,
          each fund's top ten holdings and other fund information is posted on
        www.dws-scudder.com as of the calendar quarter-end on or after the
         15th day following quarter-end. Each fund's Statement of Additional
 Information includes a description of a fund's policies and
     procedures with respect to the disclosure of a fund's portfolio
holdings.                                                 

20 | Other Policies and Risks                                                   

P-->497128th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 128th
WHO MANAGES AND OVERSEES THE FUNDS                                              

The investment advisor                                    

 Deutsche Investment Management Americas Inc. ("DIMA" or the
    "Advisor"), with headquarters at 345 Park Avenue, New York, NY
10154, is the investment advisor for each fund. Under the oversight
          of the Board, the Advisor makes investment decisions, buys and sells
        securities for each fund and conducts research that leads to these
       purchase and sale decisions. The Advisor provides a full range of
     global investment advisory services to institutional and retail
clients.                                                  

    DWS Scudder is part of Deutsche Asset Management, which is the
     marketing name in the US for the asset management activities of
          Deutsche Bank AG, DIMA, Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas and DWS
Trust Company.                                            

         Deutsche Asset Management is a global asset management organization
    that offers a wide range of investing expertise and resources,
         including hundreds of portfolio managers and analysts and an office
     network that reaches the world's major investment centers. This
      well-resourced global investment platform brings together a wide
     variety of experience and investment insight across industries,
regions, asset classes and investing styles.              

          The Advisor is an indirect, wholly owned subsidiary of Deutsche Bank
        AG. Deutsche Bank AG is a major global banking institution that is
         engaged in a wide range of financial services, including investment
       management, mutual funds, retail, private and commercial banking,
investment banking and insurance.                         

     MANAGEMENT FEE. The Advisor receives a management fee from each
     fund. Below are the actual rates paid by each fund for the most
          recent fiscal year, as a percentage of each fund's average daily net
assets.                                                   

                                                                [Download Table]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
FUND NAME                                               FEE PAID                
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                
  DWS Global Thematic Fund                              0.84%                   
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  DWS International Fund                                0.58%                   
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                        Who Manages and Oversees the Funds  | 21

P-->497129th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 129th
      Effective June 11, 2007, DWS International Fund pays the Advisor
       under the investment management agreement a fee, calculated daily
          and paid monthly, at the annual rate of 0.565% of the fund's average
  daily net assets up to $2.5 billion, 0.545% of the next $2.5
   billion, 0.525% of the next $5 billion, 0.515% of the next $5
billion and 0.465% thereafter.                            

       A discussion regarding the basis for the Board's approval of each
     fund's investment management agreement is contained in the most
          recent shareholder reports for the semi-annual period ended February
28 (see "Shareholder reports" on the back cover).         

          Under a separate administrative services agreement between each fund
       and the Advisor, each fund pays the Advisor for providing most of
each fund's administrative services.                      

22 | Who Manages and Oversees the Funds                                         

P-->497130th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 130th
Portfolio management                                                            

The following person handles the day-to-day management of DWS Global Thematic   
Fund.                                                                           

DWS GLOBAL THEMATIC FUND                                                        

Oliver Kratz                                                                    
Managing Director of Deutsche Asset Management and Lead Manager of the fund.    

-   Joined Deutsche Asset Management in 1996, having since served as portfolio  
manager for European Equity Fund and Global Emerging Markets analyst for
  International Equity Fund, after two years of experience at Merrill Lynch,
Brown Brothers Harriman and McKinsey & Co.; authored Frontier Emerging  
Markets Securities Price Behavior and Valuation; Kluwers Academic       
Publishers, 1999; member of Budapest Stock Exchange Advisory Board.     
-   Head of Global Thematic Equity; Co-Head of Global Agribusiness; Lead        
Portfolio Manager Global Thematic Strategy: New York.                   
-   Joined the fund in 2003.                                                    
-   BA, Tufts University and Karlova Universidad, Prague; MALD, Ph.D, The       
Fletcher School, administered jointly by Harvard University and Tufts   
University.                                                             

The following person handles the day-to-day management of DWS International     
Fund.                                                                           

DWS INTERNATIONAL FUND                                                          

Matthias Knerr, CFA                                                             
Director, Deutsche Asset Management and Portfolio Manager of the fund.          

-   Joined Deutsche Asset Management in 1995 and the fund in 2004.              
-   Portfolio manager for International Equities.                               
-   BS, Pennsylvania State University.                                          

Each fund's Statement of Additional Information provides additional information 
about a portfolio manager's investments in each fund, a description of the      
portfolio management compensation structure and information regarding other     
accounts managed.                                                               

                                        Who Manages and Oversees the Funds  | 23

P-->497131st Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 131st
FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS                                                            

The financial highlights are designed to help you understand recent financial   
performance. The figures in the first part of each table are for a single       
share. The total return figures represent the percentage that an investor in a  
fund would have earned (or lost), assuming all dividends and distributions were 
reinvested. This information has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP,    
independent registered public accounting firm, whose report, along with each    
fund's financial statements, is included in each fund's annual report (see      
"Shareholder reports" on the back cover).                                       

DWS Global Thematic Fund - Class S                                              

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

YEARS ENDED AUGUST 31,                        2007          2006          2005          2004          2003      
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

SELECTED PER SHARE DATA                                                                                         
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
NET ASSET VALUE, BEGINNING OF PERIOD      $  34.99      $  29.64      $  22.82       $ 20.41      $  18.76      
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Income (loss) from investment                                                                                   
operations:                                                                                                     
  Net investment income a                      .38 c         .29           .25           .07           .16      
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Net realized and unrealized gain                                                                              
  (loss)                                      6.58          7.62          6.66          2.66          1.69      
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  TOTAL FROM INVESTMENT OPERATIONS            6.96          7.91          6.91          2.73          1.85      
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Less distributions from:                                                                                        
  Net investment income                     (  .22)       (  .27)       (  .09)        ( .32)       (  .20)     
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Net realized gains                        ( 6.00)       ( 2.29)            -             -             -      
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  TOTAL DISTRIBUTIONS                       ( 6.22)       ( 2.56)       (  .09)        ( .32)       (  .20)     
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Redemption fees                                .00*          .00*          .00*            -             -      
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
NET ASSET VALUE, END OF PERIOD            $  35.73      $  34.99      $  29.64       $ 22.82      $  20.41      
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total Return (%)                             21.48 c       28.01         30.35         13.36 b       10.01      
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
RATIOS TO AVERAGE NET ASSETS AND SUPPLEMENTAL DATA                                                              
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net assets, end of period ($ millions)       1,440         1,186           832           703           705      
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Ratio of expenses (%)                         1.18          1.27          1.25          1.42          1.43      
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Ratio of net investment income (%)            1.07 c         .91           .96           .31           .89      
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Portfolio turnover rate (%)                    151           143            54            81            55      
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

a   Based on average shares outstanding during the period.                      

b   Total return would have been lower had certain expenses not been reduced.   

c   Includes non-recurring income from the Advisor recorded as a result of an   
administrative proceeding regarding disclosure of brokerage allocation  
  practices in connection with sales of DWS Scudder Funds. The non-recurring
   income resulted in an increase of net investment income of $0.003 per share
 and an increase in the ratio of net investment income of 0.01%. Excluding
this non-recurring income, total return would have been 0.011% lower.   

*   Amount is less than $.005.                                                  

24 | Financial Highlights                                                       

P-->497132nd Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 132nd
DWS International Fund - Class S                                                

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

YEARS ENDED AUGUST 31,                         2007            2006           2005            2004           2003      
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

SELECTED PER SHARE DATA                                                                                                
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
NET ASSET VALUE, BEGINNING OF PERIOD       $  57.34        $  47.74       $  38.10        $  33.36       $  32.51      
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Income (loss) from investment                                                                                          
operations:                                                                                                            
  Net investment income a                       .97 d          1.28 c          .71             .30            .35      
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Net realized and unrealized gain                                                                                     
  (loss)                                      11.11            9.37           9.54            4.86            .80      
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  TOTAL FROM INVESTMENT OPERATIONS            12.08           10.65          10.25            5.16           1.15      
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Less distributions from:                                                                                               
  Net investment income                      ( 1.85)         ( 1.05)        (  .61)         (  .42)        (  .30)     
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Redemption fees*                                .00             .00            .00             .00            .00      
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
NET ASSET VALUE, END OF PERIOD             $  67.57        $  57.34       $  47.74        $  38.10       $  33.36      
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total Return (%)                              21.42 b         22.61 b        27.06           15.49 b         3.62      
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
RATIOS TO AVERAGE NET ASSETS AND SUPPLEMENTAL DATA                                                                     
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net assets, end of period ($ millions)        1,870           1,390          1,278           1,273          1,444      
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Ratio of expenses before expense                                                                                       
reductions (%)                                  .93            1.02            .98            1.23           1.18      
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Ratio of expenses after expense                                                                                        
reductions (%)                                  .93            1.01            .98            1.17           1.18      
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Ratio of net investment income (%)             1.52 d          2.40 c         1.63             .79           1.15      
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Portfolio turnover rate (%)                     104              76             57              82            104      
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

a   Based on average shares outstanding during the period.                      

b   Total return would have been lower had certain expenses not been reduced.   

c   Net investment income per share and the ratio of net investment income      
    include non-recurring dividend income amounting to $0.51 per share and 0.98%
of average daily net assets, respectively.                              

d   Net investment income per share and the ratio of net investment income      
    include non-recurring dividend income amounting to $0.31 per share and 0.49%
of average daily net assets, respectively.                              

*   Amount is less than $.005.                                                  

                                                      Financial Highlights  | 25

P-->497133rd Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 133rd
HOW TO INVEST IN THE FUNDS 

The following pages tell you how to invest in a fund and what to expect as a    
shareholder. If you're investing directly with DWS Scudder, all of this         
information applies to you.                                                     

The following pages also tell you about many of the services, choices and       
benefits of being a shareholder. You'll also find information on how to check   
the status of your account using the method that's most convenient for you.     

If you're investing through a "third party provider" - for example, a workplace 
retirement plan, financial supermarket or financial advisor - your provider may 
have its own policies or instructions and you should follow those.              

Please remember, CLASS S shares are generally only available to new investors   
through fee-based programs of investment dealers that have special agreements   
with the fund's distributor, through certain group retirement plans and through 
certain registered investment advisors. These dealers and advisors typically    
charge ongoing fees for services they provide.                                  

You can find out more about the topics covered here by speaking with your       
FINANCIAL ADVISOR OR A REPRESENTATIVE OF YOUR WORKPLACE RETIREMENT PLAN OR      
OTHER INVESTMENT PROVIDER.                                                      

P-->497134th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 134th
How to Buy, Sell and Exchange Shares                                            

BUYING SHARES: Use these instructions to invest directly. Make out your check   
to "DWS Scudder."                                                               

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 FIRST INVESTMENT                              ADDITIONAL INVESTMENTS                    
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                         
 $2,500 or more for regular accounts           $50 or more for regular accounts and      
 $1,000 or more for IRAs                       IRA accounts                              
 $1,000 or more with an Automatic              $50 or more with an Automatic             
 Investment Plan                               Investment Plan                           
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 BY MAIL OR EXPRESS MAIL (SEE BELOW)                                                     

 -  Fill out and sign an application           Send a DWS Scudder investment slip or     
                                               short note that includes:                 
 -  Send it to us at the appropriate                                                     
    address, along with an investment          -  fund and class name                    
    check                                                                                
                                               -  account number                         

                                               -  check payable to "DWS Scudder"         
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 BY WIRE                                                                                 
 -  Call (800) 728-3337 for instructions       -  Call (800) 728-3337 for instructions   
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 BY PHONE                                                                                
 Not available                                 -  Call (800) 728-3337 for instructions   
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 WITH AN AUTOMATIC INVESTMENT PLAN                                                       
 -  Fill in the information on your            -  To set up regular investments from a   
    application and include a voided check        bank checking account, call            
                                                  (800) 728-3337                         
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 USING QuickBuy                                                                          
 Not available                                 -  Call (800) 728-3337 to make sure       
                                                  QuickBuy is set up on your account; if 
                                                  it is, you can request a transfer from 
                                                  your bank account of any amount        
                                                  between $50 and $250,000               
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 ON THE INTERNET                                                                         
 -  Go to www.dws-scudder.com                  -  Call (800) 728-3337 to ensure you have 
                                                  electronic services                    
 -  Print out a prospectus and a new                                                     
    account application                        -  Register at www.dws-scudder.com        

 -  Complete and return the application        -  Follow the instructions for buying     
    with your check                               shares with money from your bank       
                                                  account                                
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
REGULAR MAIL:                                                                   

First Investment: DWS Scudder, PO Box 219356, Kansas City, MO 64121-9356        
Additional Investments: DWS Scudder, PO Box 219154, Kansas City, MO 64121-9154
EXPRESS, REGISTERED OR CERTIFIED MAIL:                                          
DWS Scudder, 210 West 10th Street, Kansas City, MO 64105-1614                   

                                      How to Buy, Sell and Exchange Shares  | 27

P-->497135th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 135th
EXCHANGING OR SELLING SHARES: Use these instructions to exchange or sell shares 
in an account opened directly with DWS Scudder.                                 

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------   
 EXCHANGING INTO ANOTHER FUND                    SELLING SHARES                             
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------   
                                                                                            
 -  Exchanges into existing accounts:           Some transactions, including most for       
    $50 minimum per fund                        over $100,000, can only be ordered in       
                                                writing with a signature guarantee;         
 -  Exchanges into new accounts:                please see "Signature Guarantee" for        
    $2,500 minimum per fund                     details                                     
    $1,000 minimum for IRAs                                                                 
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------   
 BY PHONE OR WIRE                                                                           
 -  Call (800) 728-3337 for instructions        -  Call (800) 728-3337 for instructions     
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------   
 USING THE AUTOMATED INFORMATION LINE                                                       
 -  Call (800) 728-3337 for instructions        -  Call (800) 728-3337 for instructions     
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------   
 BY MAIL OR EXPRESS MAIL                                                                    
 (see previous page for address)                                                            
 Your instructions should include:              Your instructions should include:           

 -  the fund, class and account number          -  the fund, class and account number       
    you're exchanging out of                       from which you want to sell shares       

 -  the dollar amount or number of shares       -  the dollar amount or number of shares    
    you want to exchange                           you want to sell                         

 -  the name and class of the fund you          -  your name(s), signature(s) and           
    want to exchange into                          address, as they appear on your          
                                                   account                                  
 -  your name(s), signature(s) and                                                          
    address, as they appear on your             -  a daytime telephone number               
    account                                                                                 

 -  a daytime telephone number                                                              
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------   
 WITH AN AUTOMATIC EXCHANGE PLAN                 WITH AN AUTOMATIC WITHDRAWAL PLAN          
 -  To set up regular exchanges from a          -  To set up regular cash payments from     
    fund account, call (800) 728-3337              a DWS fund account, call                 
                                                   (800) 728-3337                           
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------   
 USING QuickSell                                                                            
 Not available                                  -  Call (800) 728-3337 to make sure         
                                                   QuickSell is set up on your account; if  
                                                   it is, you can request a transfer to your
                                                   bank account of any amount between       
                                                   $50 and $250,000                         
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------   
 ON THE INTERNET                                                                            
 -  Register at www.dws-scudder.com             -  Register at www.dws-scudder.com          

 -  Follow the instructions for making on-      -  Follow the instructions for making on-   
    line exchanges                                 line redemptions                         
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------   

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                                                [Download Table]
                                                                              
TO REACH US:  WEB SITE: www.dws-scudder.com                                   
              TELEPHONE REPRESENTATIVE: (800) 728-3337, M-F, 9 a.m.- 6 p.m. ET
              TDD LINE: (800) 972-3006, M-F, 9 a.m.- 6 p.m. ET                

28 | How to Buy, Sell and Exchange Shares                                       

P-->497136th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 136th
Financial intermediary support payments                   

     The Advisor, DWS Scudder Distributors, Inc. (the "Distributor")
     and/or their affiliates may pay additional compensation, out of
       their own assets and not as an additional charge to each fund, to
          selected affiliated and unaffiliated brokers, dealers, participating
       insurance companies or other financial intermediaries ("financial
        advisors") in connection with the sale and/or distribution of fund
         shares or the retention and/or servicing of fund investors and fund
      shares ("revenue sharing"). Such revenue sharing payments are in
         addition to any distribution or service fees payable under any Rule
         12b-1 or service plan of each fund, any record keeping/sub-transfer
        agency/networking fees payable by each fund (generally through the
    Distributor or an affiliate) and/or the Distributor to certain
   financial advisors for performing such services and any sales
        charges, commissions, non-cash compensation arrangements expressly
permitted under applicable rules of the Financial Industry
          Regulatory Authority ("FINRA") or other concessions described in the
   fee table or elsewhere in this prospectus or the Statement of
      Additional Information as payable to all financial advisors. For
       example, the Advisor, the Distributor and/or their affiliates may
    compensate financial advisors for providing a fund with "shelf
         space" or access to a third party platform or fund offering list or
        other marketing programs, including, without limitation, inclusion
      of the fund on preferred or recommended sales lists, mutual fund
       "supermarket" platforms and other formal sales programs; granting
    the Distributor access to the financial advisor's sales force;
granting the Distributor access to the financial advisor's
        conferences and meetings; assistance in training and educating the
 financial advisor's personnel; and obtaining other forms of
marketing support.                                        

          The level of revenue sharing payments made to financial advisors may
        be a fixed fee or based upon one or more of the following factors:
        gross sales, current assets and/or number of accounts of each fund
        attributable to the financial advisor, the particular fund or fund
         type or other measures as agreed to by the Advisor, the Distributor
and/or their affiliates and the financial advisors or any 
          combination thereof. The amount of these revenue sharing payments is
         determined at the discretion of the Advisor, the Distributor and/or
        their affiliates from time to time, may be substantial, and may be
       different for different financial advisors based on, for example,
   the nature of the services provided by the financial advisor.

                                      How to Buy, Sell and Exchange Shares  | 29

P-->497137th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 137th
         The Advisor, the Distributor and/or their affiliates currently make
       revenue sharing payments from their own assets in connection with
      the sale and/or distribution of DWS Fund shares or the retention
    and/or servicing of investors and DWS Fund shares to financial
      advisors in amounts that generally range from .01% up to .50% of
  assets of each fund serviced and maintained by the financial
     advisor, .10% to .25% of sales of each fund attributable to the
     financial advisor, a flat fee of $12,500 up to $500,000, or any
     combination thereof. These amounts are subject to change at the
         discretion of the Advisor, the Distributor and/or their affiliates.
Receipt of, or the prospect of receiving, this additional 
        compensation may influence your financial advisor's recommendation
     of each fund or of any particular share class of each fund. You
    should review your financial advisor's compensation disclosure
         and/or talk to your financial advisor to obtain more information on
        how this compensation may have influenced your financial advisor's
         recommendation of each fund. Additional information regarding these
      revenue sharing payments is included in each fund's Statement of
        Additional Information, which is available to you on request at no
        charge (see the back cover of this prospectus for more information
on how to request a copy of the Statement of Additional   
Information).                                             

        The Advisor, the Distributor and/or their affiliates may also make
         such revenue sharing payments to financial advisors under the terms
     discussed above in connection with the distribution of both DWS
       funds and non-DWS funds by financial advisors to retirement plans
   that obtain record keeping services from ADP, Inc. on the DWS
        Scudder branded retirement plan platform (the "Platform") with the
          level of revenue sharing payments being based upon sales of both the
     DWS funds and the non-DWS funds by the financial advisor on the
      Platform or current assets of both the DWS funds and the non-DWS
   funds serviced and maintained by the financial advisor on the
Platform.                                                 

          It is likely that broker-dealers that execute portfolio transactions
       for each fund will include firms that also sell shares of the DWS
      funds to their customers. However, the Advisor will not consider
sales of DWS fund shares as a factor in the selection of  
         broker-dealers to execute portfolio transactions for the DWS funds.
      Accordingly, the Advisor has implemented policies and procedures
          reasonably designed to prevent its traders from considering sales of
DWS fund shares as a factor in the selection of           

30 | How to Buy, Sell and Exchange Shares                                       

P-->497138th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 138th
        broker-dealers to execute portfolio transactions for each fund. In
         addition, the Advisor, the Distributor and/or their affiliates will
   not use fund brokerage to pay for their obligation to provide
       additional compensation to financial advisors as described above.

POLICIES YOU SHOULD KNOW ABOUT 

          Along with the information on the previous pages, the policies below
        may affect you as a shareholder. Some of this information, such as
       the section on distributions and taxes, applies to all investors,
including those investing through a financial advisor.    

   If you are investing through a financial advisor or through a
       retirement plan, check the materials you received from them about
         how to buy and sell shares because particular financial advisors or
        other intermediaries may adopt policies, procedures or limitations
          that are separate from those described by a fund. Please note that a
        financial advisor may charge fees separate from those charged by a
fund and may be compensated by a fund.                    

          Keep in mind that the information in this prospectus applies only to
     the shares offered herein. Other share classes are described in
     separate prospectuses and have different fees, requirements and
services.                                                 

          In order to reduce the amount of mail you receive and to help reduce
         expenses, we generally send a single copy of any shareholder report
         and prospectus to each household. If you do not want the mailing of
         these documents to be combined with those for other members of your
    household, please contact your financial advisor or call (800)
728-3337.                                                 

Policies about transactions                               

         EACH FUND IS OPEN FOR BUSINESS each day the New York Stock Exchange
        is open. Each fund calculates its share price for each class every
      business day, as of the close of regular trading on the New York
     Stock Exchange (typically 4:00 p.m. Eastern time, but sometimes
          earlier, as in the case of scheduled half-day trading or unscheduled
    suspensions of trading). You can place an order to buy or sell
shares at any time.                                       

THE FOLLOWING SIDEBAR TEXT APPEARS NEXT TO THE PRECEDING PARAGRAPHS             

Questions? You can speak to a DWS Scudder representative between 9 a.m. and 6   
p.m. Eastern time on any fund business day by calling (800) 728-3337.           

                                            Policies You Should Know About  | 31

P-->497139th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 139th
     To help the government fight the funding of terrorism and money
laundering activities, federal law requires all financial 
institutions to obtain, verify and record information that
          identifies each person who opens an account. What this means to you:
        When you open an account, we will ask for your name, address, date
        of birth and other information that will allow us to identify you.
         Some or all of this information will be used to verify the identity
of all persons opening an account.                        

          We might request additional information about you (which may include
         certain documents, such as articles of incorporation for companies)
         to help us verify your identity and, in some cases, the information
       and/or documents may be required to conduct the verification. The
  information and documents will be used solely to verify your
identity.                                                 

   We will attempt to collect any missing required and requested
        information by contacting you or your financial advisor. If we are
          unable to obtain this information within the time frames established
  by each fund, then we may reject your application and order.

    Each fund will not invest your purchase until all required and
     requested identification information has been provided and your
          application has been submitted in "good order." After we receive all
         the information, your application is deemed to be in good order and
       we accept your purchase, you will receive the net asset value per
share next calculated.                                    

 If we are unable to verify your identity within time frames
       established by each fund, after a reasonable effort to do so, you
will receive written notification.                        

      With certain limited exceptions, only US residents may invest in
each fund.                                                

         Because orders placed through a financial advisor must be forwarded
        to the transfer agent before they can be processed, you'll need to
         allow extra time. Your financial advisor should be able to tell you
approximately when your order will be processed. It is the
       responsibility of your financial advisor to forward your order to
the transfer agent in a timely manner.                    

        INITIAL PURCHASE. The minimum initial investment is $2,500, except
        for investments on behalf of participants in certain fee-based and
    wrap programs offered through certain financial intermediaries
    approved by the Advisor, for which there is no minimum initial
investment; and fiduciary accounts such as IRAs           

32 | Policies You Should Know About                                             

P-->497140th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 140th
    and custodial accounts such as Uniform Gifts to Minors Act and
    Uniform Transfers to Minors Act accounts for which the minimum
        initial investment is $1,000 per account. In addition, the minimum
         initial investment is $1,000 if an automatic investment plan of $50
        per month is established. Group retirement plans and certain other
        accounts have similar or lower minimum share balance requirements.

         SUB-MINIMUM BALANCES. Each fund may close your account and send you
     the proceeds if your balance falls below $2,500 ($1,000 with an
    Automatic Investment Plan funded with $50 or more per month in
         subsequent investments); $250 for retirement accounts. We will give
      you 60 days' notice (90 days for retirement accounts) so you can
        either increase your balance or close your account (these policies
        don't apply to investors with $100,000 or more in DWS fund shares,
      investors in certain fee-based and wrap programs offered through
        certain financial intermediaries approved by the Advisor, or group
      retirement plans and certain other accounts having lower minimum
share balance requirements).                              

          Because of the high cost of servicing accounts with low balances, an
         account maintenance fee of $6.25 per quarter (for a $25 annual fee)
          will be assessed on accounts whose balances fail to meet the minimum
         initial investment requirement for a period of 90 days prior to the
          assessment date. The quarterly assessment will occur on or about the
       15th of the last month in each calendar quarter. Please note that
          the fee will be assessed on accounts that fall below the minimum for
         any reason, including due to market value fluctuations, redemptions
 or exchanges. The account maintenance fee will apply to all
          shareholders of the DWS Funds except for: accounts with an automatic
    investment plan, accounts held in an omnibus account through a
financial services firm, accounts maintained on behalf of 
         participants in certain fee based and wrap programs offered through
certain financial intermediaries approved by the Advisor, 
      participant level accounts in group retirement plans held on the
records of a retirement plan record keeper.               

       SUBSEQUENT INVESTMENTS. The minimum subsequent investment is $50.
        However, there is no minimum investment requirement for subsequent
         investments on behalf of participants in certain fee-based and wrap
        programs offered through certain financial intermediaries approved
by the Advisor.                                           

                                            Policies You Should Know About  | 33

P-->497141st Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 141st
 MARKET TIMING POLICIES AND PROCEDURES. Short-term and excessive
         trading of fund shares may present risks to long-term shareholders,
including potential dilution in the value of fund shares, 
      interference with the efficient management of a fund's portfolio
     (including losses on the sale of investments), taxable gains to
       remaining shareholders and increased brokerage and administrative
    costs. These risks may be more pronounced if a fund invests in
          certain securities, such as those that trade in foreign markets, are
 illiquid or do not otherwise have "readily available market
          quotations." Certain investors may seek to employ short-term trading
      strategies aimed at exploiting variations in portfolio valuation
        that arise from the nature of the securities held by a fund (e.g.,
  "time zone arbitrage"). Each fund discourages short-term and
        excessive trading and has adopted policies and procedures that are
    intended to detect and deter short-term and excessive trading.

         Pursuant to its policies, each fund will impose a 2% redemption fee
  on fund shares held for less than a specified holding period
      (subject to certain exceptions discussed below under "Redemption
fees"). Each fund also reserves the right to reject or cancel a
         purchase or exchange order for any reason without prior notice. For
          example, a fund may in its discretion reject or cancel a purchase or
     an exchange order even if the transaction is not subject to the
      specific roundtrip transaction limitation described below if the
          Advisor believes that there appears to be a pattern of short-term or
    excessive trading activity by a shareholder or deems any other
          trading activity harmful or disruptive to a fund. Each fund, through
 its Advisor and Transfer Agent, will measure short-term and
        excessive trading by the number of roundtrip transactions within a
shareholder's account during a rolling 12-month period. A 
       "roundtrip" transaction is defined as any combination of purchase
      and redemption activity (including exchanges) of the same fund's
         shares. Each fund may take other trading activity into account if a
          fund believes such activity is of an amount or frequency that may be
  harmful to long-term shareholders or disruptive to portfolio
management.                                               

         Shareholders are limited to four roundtrip transactions in the same
     DWS Fund (excluding money market funds) over a rolling 12-month
          period. Shareholders with four or more roundtrip transactions in the
      same DWS Fund within a rolling 12-month period generally will be
          blocked from making additional purchases of, or exchanges into, that
       DWS Fund. Each fund has sole discretion whether to remove a block
from a shareholder's                                      

34 | Policies You Should Know About                                             

P-->497142nd Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 142nd
         account. The rights of a shareholder to redeem shares of a DWS Fund
        are not affected by the four roundtrip transaction limitation, but
         all redemptions remain subject to each fund's redemption fee policy
(see "Redemption fees" described below).                  

         The Advisor may make exceptions to the roundtrip transaction policy
          for certain types of transactions if in its opinion the transactions
         do not represent short-term or excessive trading or are not abusive
   or harmful to a fund, such as, but not limited to, systematic
transactions, required minimum retirement distributions,  
        transactions initiated by a fund or administrator and transactions
by certain qualified fund-of-fund(s).                     

       In certain circumstances where shareholders hold shares of a fund
  through a financial intermediary, the fund may rely upon the
      financial intermediary's policy to deter short-term or excessive
       trading if the Advisor believes that the financial intermediary's
         policy is reasonably designed to detect and deter transactions that
         are not in the best interests of a fund. A financial intermediary's
       policy relating to short-term or excessive trading may be more or
     less restrictive than the DWS Funds' policy, may permit certain
        transactions not permitted by the DWS Funds' policies, or prohibit
transactions not subject to the DWS Funds' policies.      

The Advisor may also accept undertakings from a financial 
         intermediary to enforce short-term or excessive trading policies on
    behalf of a fund that provide a substantially similar level of
      protection for each fund against such transactions. For example,
     certain financial intermediaries may have contractual, legal or
          operational restrictions that prevent them from blocking an account.
     In such instances, the financial intermediary may use alternate
         techniques that the Advisor considers to be a reasonable substitute
for such a block.                                         

          In addition, if a fund invests some portion of its assets in foreign
          securities, it has adopted certain fair valuation practices intended
        to protect the fund from "time zone arbitrage" with respect to its
          foreign securities holdings and other trading practices that seek to
          exploit variations in portfolio valuation that arise from the nature
      of the securities held by a fund. (See "How each fund calculates
share price.")                                            

      There is no assurance that these policies and procedures will be
          effective in limiting short-term and excessive trading in all cases.
      For example, the Advisor may not be able to effectively monitor,
   detect or limit short-term or excessive trading by underlying

                                            Policies You Should Know About  | 35

P-->497143rd Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 143rd
     shareholders that occurs through omnibus accounts maintained by
   broker-dealers or other financial intermediaries. The Advisor
        reviews trading activity at the omnibus level to detect short-term
     or excessive trading. If the Advisor has reason to suspect that
        short-term or excessive trading is occurring at the omnibus level,
    the Advisor will contact the financial intermediary to request
       underlying shareholder level activity. Depending on the amount of
         fund shares held in such omnibus accounts (which may represent most
     of a fund's shares) short-term and/or excessive trading of fund
        shares could adversely affect long-term shareholders in a fund. If
          short-term or excessive trading is identified, the Advisor will take
appropriate action.                                       

          Each fund's market timing policies and procedures may be modified or
terminated at any time.                                   

REDEMPTION FEES. Each fund imposes a redemption fee of 2% of the
         total redemption amount (calculated at net asset value) on all fund
        shares redeemed or exchanged within 15 days of buying them (either
      by purchase or exchange). The redemption fee is paid directly to
        each fund and is designed to encourage long-term investment and to
      offset transaction and other costs associated with short-term or
excessive trading. For purposes of determining whether the
          redemption fee applies, shares held the longest time will be treated
       as being redeemed first and shares held the shortest time will be
treated as being redeemed last.                           

      The redemption fee is applicable to fund shares purchased either
directly or through a financial intermediary, such as a   
  broker-dealer. Transactions through financial intermediaries
      typically are placed with a fund on an omnibus basis and include
      both purchase and sale transactions placed on behalf of multiple
          investors. These purchase and sale transactions are generally netted
        against one another and placed on an aggregate basis; consequently
        the identities of the individuals on whose behalf the transactions
         are placed generally are not known to a fund. For this reason, each
     fund has undertaken to notify financial intermediaries of their
         obligation to assess the redemption fee on customer accounts and to
  collect and remit the proceeds to each fund. However, due to
        operational requirements, the intermediaries' methods for tracking
          and calculating the fee may be inadequate or differ in some respects
from each fund's.                                         

36 | Policies You Should Know About                                             

P-->497144th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 144th
   The redemption fee will not be charged in connection with the
        following exchange or redemption transactions: (i) transactions on
    behalf of participants in certain research wrap programs; (ii)
        transactions on behalf of participants in certain group retirement
       plans whose processing systems are incapable of properly applying
          the redemption fee to underlying shareholders; (iii) transactions on
       behalf of a shareholder to return any excess IRA contributions to
      the shareholder; (iv) transactions on behalf of a shareholder to
        effect a required minimum distribution on an IRA; (v) transactions
 on behalf of any mutual fund advised by the Advisor and its
affiliates (e.g., "funds of funds") or, in the case of a  
         master/feeder relationship, redemptions by the feeder fund from the
master portfolio; (vi) transactions on behalf of certain  
  unaffiliated mutual funds operating as funds of funds; (vii)
  transactions following death or disability of any registered
     shareholder, beneficial owner or grantor of a living trust with
    respect to shares purchased before death or disability; (viii)
         transactions involving hardship of any registered shareholder; (ix)
         systematic transactions with pre-defined trade dates for purchases,
         exchanges or redemptions, such as automatic account rebalancing, or
        loan origination and repayments; (x) transactions involving shares
purchased through the reinvestment of dividends or other  
        distributions; (xi) transactions involving shares transferred from
         another account in the same fund or converted from another class of
     the same fund (the redemption fee period will carry over to the
 acquired shares); (xii) transactions initiated by a fund or
        administrator (e.g., redemptions for not meeting account minimums,
         to pay account fees funded by share redemptions, or in the event of
       the liquidation or merger of the fund); or (xiii) transactions in
cases when there are legal or contractual limitations or  
         restrictions on the imposition of the redemption fee (as determined
         by a fund or its agents in their sole discretion). It is the policy
    of the DWS funds to permit approved fund platform providers to
       execute transactions within the funds without the imposition of a
   redemption fee if such providers have implemented alternative
        measures that are determined by the Advisor to provide controls on
     short-term and excessive trading that are comparable to the DWS
funds' policies.                                          

                                            Policies You Should Know About  | 37

P-->497145th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 145th
   THE AUTOMATED INFORMATION LINE IS AVAILABLE 24 HOURS A DAY BY
         CALLING (800) 728-3337. You can use our automated phone services to
          get information on DWS funds generally and on accounts held directly
         at DWS Scudder. You can also use this service to make exchanges and
sell shares.                                              

     QUICKBUY AND QUICKSELL let you set up a link between a DWS fund
          account and a bank account. Once this link is in place, you can move
       money between the two with a phone call. You'll need to make sure
         your bank has Automated Clearing House (ACH) services. Transactions
       take two to three days to be completed and there is a $50 minimum
      and a $250,000 maximum. To set up QuickBuy or QuickSell on a new
    account, see the account application; to add it to an existing
account, call (800) 728-3337.                             

TELEPHONE AND ELECTRONIC TRANSACTIONS. Generally, you are 
    automatically entitled to telephone and electronic transaction
       privileges, but you may elect not to have them when you open your
          account or by contacting Shareholder Services at (800) 728-3337 at a
later date.                                               

Since many transactions may be initiated by telephone or  
          electronically, it's important to understand that as long as we take
    reasonable steps to ensure that an order to purchase or redeem
shares is genuine, such as recording calls or requesting  
  personalized security codes or other information, we are not
responsible for any losses that may occur as a result. For
         transactions conducted over the Internet, we recommend the use of a
          secure Internet browser. In addition, you should verify the accuracy
         of your confirmation statements immediately after you receive them.

  EACH FUND DOES NOT ISSUE SHARE CERTIFICATES. However, if you
      currently have shares in certificated form, you must include the
   share certificates properly endorsed or accompanied by a duly
       executed stock power when exchanging or redeeming shares. You may
       not exchange or redeem shares in certificate form by telephone or
via the Internet.                                         

          WHEN YOU ASK US TO SEND OR RECEIVE A WIRE, please note that while we
          don't charge a fee to send or receive wires, it's possible that your
         bank may do so. Wire transactions are generally completed within 24
       hours. Each fund can only send wires of $1,000 or more and accept
wires of $50 or more.                                     

THE FOLLOWING SIDEBAR TEXT APPEARS NEXT TO THE PRECEDING PARAGRAPHS             

The DWS Scudder Web site can be a valuable resource for shareholders with       
Internet access. Go to WWW.DWS-SCUDDER.COM to get up-to-date information, review
balances or even place orders for exchanges.                                    

38 | Policies You Should Know About                                             

P-->497146th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 146th
       EACH FUND ACCEPTS PAYMENT FOR SHARES ONLY IN US DOLLARS by check,
         bank or Federal Funds wire transfer or by electronic bank transfer.
 Please note that a fund does not accept cash, money orders,
          traveler's checks, starter checks, third party checks (except checks
      for retirement plan asset transfers and rollovers or for Uniform
    Gifts to Minors Act/Uniform Transfers to Minors Act accounts),
   checks drawn on foreign banks or checks issued by credit card
 companies or Internet-based companies. Thus, subject to the
          foregoing exceptions for certain third party checks, checks that are
    otherwise permissible must be drawn by the account holder on a
domestic bank and must be payable to a fund.              

SIGNATURE GUARANTEE. When you want to sell more than $100,000 worth
      of shares or send proceeds to a third party or to a new address,
      you'll usually need to place your order in writing and include a
     signature guarantee. However, if you want money wired to a bank
         account that is already on file with us, you don't need a signature
         guarantee. Also, generally you don't need a signature guarantee for
an exchange, although we may require one in certain other 
circumstances.                                            

         A signature guarantee is simply a certification of your signature -
 a valuable safeguard against fraud. You can get a signature
 guarantee from an eligible guarantor institution, including
          commercial banks, savings and loans, trust companies, credit unions,
member firms of a national stock exchange or any member or
       participant of an approved signature guarantor program. Note that
          you can't get a signature guarantee from a notary public and we must
be provided the original guarantee.                       

   SELLING SHARES OF TRUST ACCOUNTS AND BUSINESS OR ORGANIZATION
      ACCOUNTS may require additional documentation. Please call (800)
      728-3337 or contact your financial advisor for more information.

         MONEY FROM SHARES YOU SELL is normally sent out within one business
    day of when your order is processed (not when it is received),
although it could be delayed for up to seven days.        
         There are other circumstances when it could be longer: When you are
      selling shares you bought recently by check (redemption proceeds
         from such a sale are unavailable until the check has cleared), when
    you make purchases by ACH (the funds will be placed under a 10
calendar day hold to ensure good funds) or when unusual   
   circumstances prompt the SEC to allow further delays. Certain
expedited redemption processes may also be                

THE FOLLOWING SIDEBAR TEXT APPEARS NEXT TO THE PRECEDING PARAGRAPHS             

If you ever have difficulty placing an order by phone or Internet, you can send 
us your order in writing.                                                       

                                            Policies You Should Know About  | 39

P-->497147th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 147th
      delayed when you are selling recently purchased shares or in the
         event of closing of the Federal Reserve Bank's wire payment system.
      In addition, each fund reserves the right to suspend or postpone
redemptions as permitted pursuant to                      
     Section 22(e) of the Investment Company Act of 1940. Generally,
    those circumstances are when 1) the New York Stock Exchange is
         closed other than customary weekend or holiday closings; 2) trading
          on the New York Stock Exchange is restricted; 3) an emergency exists
        which makes the disposal of securities owned by a fund or the fair
      determination of the value of a fund's net assets not reasonably
         practicable; or 4) the SEC, by order, permits the suspension of the
          right of redemption. Redemption payments by wire may also be delayed
       in the event of a non-routine closure of the Federal Reserve wire
         payment system. For additional rights reserved by each fund, please
see "Other rights we reserve."                            

         You may obtain additional information about other ways to sell your
shares by contacting your financial advisor.              

How each fund calculates share price                      

     To calculate net asset value, or NAV, each share class uses the
following equation:                                       

                                                                [Download Table]

    TOTAL ASSETS - TOTAL LIABILITIES                 
-----------------------------------------    =    NAV
    TOTAL NUMBER OF SHARES OUTSTANDING               

The price at which you buy and sell shares is the NAV.    

       EACH FUND CHARGES A REDEMPTION FEE EQUAL TO 2.00% of the value of
         shares redeemed or exchanged within 15 days of purchase. Please see
 "Policies about transactions - Redemption fees" for further
information.                                              

     WE TYPICALLY VALUE SECURITIES USING INFORMATION FURNISHED BY AN
          INDEPENDENT PRICING SERVICE OR MARKET QUOTATIONS, WHERE APPROPRIATE.
       However, we may use methods approved by a fund's Board, such as a
         fair valuation model, which are intended to reflect fair value when
      pricing service information or market quotations are not readily
         available or when a security's value or a meaningful portion of the
     value of a fund's portfolio is believed to have been materially
     affected by a significant event, such as a natural disaster, an
economic event like a bankruptcy filing, or a substantial 
          fluctuation in domestic or foreign markets that has occurred between
the close of the exchange or market on                    

40 | Policies You Should Know About                                             

P-->497148th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 148th
      which the security is principally traded (for example, a foreign
          exchange or market) and the close of the New York Stock Exchange. In
          such a case, a fund's value for a security is likely to be different
          from the last quoted market price or pricing service information. In
       addition, due to the subjective and variable nature of fair value
        pricing, it is possible that the value determined for a particular
         asset may be materially different from the value realized upon such
          asset's sale. It is expected that the greater the percentage of fund
      assets that is invested in non-US securities, the more extensive
     will be a fund's use of fair value pricing. This is intended to
         reduce a fund's exposure to "time zone arbitrage" and other harmful
       trading practices. (See "Market timing policies and procedures.")

     TO THE EXTENT THAT A FUND INVESTS IN SECURITIES THAT ARE TRADED
          PRIMARILY IN FOREIGN MARKETS, the value of its holdings could change
        at a time when you aren't able to buy or sell fund shares. This is
      because some foreign markets are open on days or at times when a
          fund doesn't price its shares. (Note that prices for securities that
          trade on foreign exchanges can change significantly on days when the
       New York Stock Exchange is closed and you cannot buy or sell fund
        shares. Price changes in the securities a fund owns may ultimately
affect the price of fund shares the next time the NAV is  
calculated.)                                              

Other rights we reserve                                   

You should be aware that we may do any of the following:  

-  withdraw or suspend the offering of shares at any time 

         -  withhold a portion of your distributions and redemption proceeds
          as federal income tax if we have been notified by the IRS that
           you are subject to backup withholding or if you fail to provide
           us with a correct taxpayer ID number and certain certifications
        or certification that you are exempt from backup withholding

  -  reject a new account application if you don't provide any
           required or requested identifying information, or for any other
reason                                              

                                            Policies You Should Know About  | 41

P-->497149th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 149th
         -  refuse, cancel, limit or rescind any purchase or exchange order,
             without prior notice; freeze any account (meaning you will not be
          able to purchase fund shares in your account); suspend account
          services; and/or involuntarily redeem your account if we think
    that the account is being used for fraudulent or illegal
             purposes; one or more of these actions will be taken when, at our
             sole discretion, they are deemed to be in a fund's best interests
             or when a fund is requested or compelled to do so by governmental
authority or by applicable law                      

         -  close and liquidate your account if we are unable to verify your
      identity, or for other reasons; if we decide to close your
             account, your fund shares will be redeemed at the net asset value
      per share next calculated after we determine to close your
             account (less any applicable redemption fee); you may recognize a
          gain or loss on the redemption of your fund shares and incur a
tax liability                                       

        -  pay you for shares you sell by "redeeming in kind," that is, by
         giving you securities (which typically will involve brokerage
           costs for you to liquidate) rather than cash, but which will be
       taxable to the same extent as a redemption for cash; a fund
          generally won't make a redemption in kind unless your requests
            over a 90-day period total more than $250,000 or 1% of the value
of a fund's net assets, whichever is less           

   -  change, add or withdraw various services, fees and account
             policies (for example, we may adjust a fund's investment minimums
at any time)                                        

42 | Policies You Should Know About                                             

P-->497150th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 150th
UNDERSTANDING DISTRIBUTIONS AND TAXES                                           

          Each fund intends to distribute to its shareholders virtually all of
          its net earnings. Each fund can earn money in two ways: by receiving
         interest, dividends or other income from securities it holds and by
     selling securities for more than it paid for them. (Each fund's
       earnings are separate from any gains or losses stemming from your
      own purchase and sale of shares.) Each fund may not always pay a
dividend or distribution for a given period.              

         EACH FUND INTENDS TO PAY DISTRIBUTIONS to its shareholders annually
          in November or December, and, if necessary, may do so at other times
as well.                                                  

          Dividends or distributions declared to shareholders of record in the
          last quarter of a given calendar year are treated for federal income
        tax purposes as if they were received on December 31 of that year,
         provided such dividends or distributions are paid by the end of the
following January.                                        

For federal income tax purposes, income and capital gains 
 distributions are generally taxable. However, dividends and
   distributions received by retirement plans qualifying for tax
   exemption under federal income tax laws generally will not be
taxable.                                                  

         YOU CAN CHOOSE HOW TO RECEIVE YOUR DIVIDENDS AND DISTRIBUTIONS. You
         can have them all automatically reinvested in fund shares (at NAV),
       all deposited directly to your bank account or all sent to you by
        check, have one type reinvested and the other sent to you by check
        or have them invested in a different fund. Tell us your preference
   on your application. If you don't indicate a preference, your
         dividends and distributions will all be reinvested in shares of the
    fund without a sales charge (if applicable). Distributions are
          treated the same for federal income tax purposes whether you receive
them in cash or reinvest them in additional shares. For   
employer-sponsored qualified plans, and retirement plans, 
reinvestment (at NAV) is the only option.                 

         BUYING, SELLING OR EXCHANGING FUND SHARES WILL USUALLY HAVE FEDERAL
   INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES FOR YOU (except in employer-sponsored
        qualified plans, IRAs or other tax-advantaged accounts). Your sale
of shares may result in a capital                         

THE FOLLOWING SIDEBAR TEXT APPEARS NEXT TO THE PRECEDING PARAGRAPHS             

Because each shareholder's tax situation is unique, ask your tax professional   
about the tax consequences of your investments, including any state and local   
tax consequences.                                                               

                                     Understanding Distributions and Taxes  | 43

P-->497151st Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 151st
    gain or loss. The gain or loss will be long-term or short-term
    depending on how long you owned the shares that were sold. For
       federal income tax purposes, an exchange is treated the same as a
sale.                                                     

        THE FEDERAL INCOME TAX STATUS of a fund's earnings you receive and
your own fund transactions generally depend on their type:

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
GENERALLY TAXED AT LONG-TERM                          GENERALLY TAXED AT ORDINARY         
CAPITAL GAIN RATES:                                   INCOME RATES:                       
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

DISTRIBUTIONS FROM A FUND                                                                 

-  gains from the sale of                             -  gains from the sale of           
   securities held (or treated as                        securities held by a fund for    
   held) by a fund for more than                         one year or less                 
   one year                                                                               
                                                      -  all other taxable income         
-  qualified dividend income                                                              
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
TRANSACTIONS INVOLVING FUND SHARES                                                        

-  gains from selling fund                            -  gains from selling fund          
   shares held for more than                             shares held for one year or      
   one year                                              less                             
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

   ANY DIRECT INVESTMENTS IN FOREIGN SECURITIES BY A FUND MAY BE
        SUBJECT TO FOREIGN WITHHOLDING TAXES. In that case, a fund's yield
     on those securities would generally be decreased. Each fund may
         elect to pass through to its shareholders a credit or deduction for
          foreign taxes it has paid if at the end of its year more than 50% of
a fund's total assets are stocks or securities of foreign 
         corporations. In addition, any investments in foreign securities or
        foreign currencies may increase or accelerate a fund's recognition
          of ordinary income and may affect the timing or amount of the fund's
       distributions. If you invest in a fund through a taxable account,
your after-tax return could be negatively impacted.       

      To the extent that a fund invests in certain debt obligations or
   certain other securities, investments in these obligations or
          securities may cause a fund to recognize taxable income in excess of
   the cash generated by such obligations. Thus, a fund could be
          required at times to liquidate other investments in order to satisfy
its distribution requirements.                            

          For taxable years beginning before January 1, 2011, distributions to
          individuals and other noncorporate shareholders of investment income
        designated by a fund as derived from qualified dividend income are
       eligible for taxation for federal income tax purposes at the more
favorable long-term capital                               

44 | Understanding Distributions and Taxes                                      

P-->497152nd Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 152nd
        gain rates. Qualified dividend income generally includes dividends
      from domestic and some foreign corporations. It does not include
    income from investments in debt securities or, generally, from
     REITs. In addition, a fund must meet certain holding period and
          other requirements with respect to the dividend-paying stocks in its
        portfolio and the shareholder must meet certain holding period and
          other requirements with respect to a fund's shares for the lower tax
rates to apply.                                           

     For taxable years beginning before January 1, 2011, the maximum
federal income tax rate imposed on long-term capital gains
       recognized by individuals and other noncorporate shareholders has
          been reduced to 15%. For taxable years beginning on or after January
1, 2011, the long-term capital gain rate is scheduled to return to
20%. For more information, see the Statement of Additional
Information, under "Taxes."
     YOUR FUND WILL SEND YOU DETAILED FEDERAL INCOME TAX INFORMATION
         EVERY JANUARY. These statements tell you the amount and the federal
     income tax classification of any dividends or distributions you
          received. They also have certain details on your purchases and sales
of shares.                                                

          IF YOU INVEST RIGHT BEFORE A FUND PAYS A DIVIDEND, you'll be getting
       some of your investment back as a taxable dividend. You can avoid
this by investing after a fund declares a dividend. In    
       tax-advantaged retirement accounts you do not need to worry about
this.                                                     

     CORPORATIONS are taxed at the same rates on ordinary income and
 capital gains, but may be eligible for a dividends-received
         deduction for a portion of the income dividends they receive from a
      fund, provided certain holding period and other requirements are
met.                                                      

   The above discussion is applicable to shareholders who are US
      persons. If you are a non-US person, please consult your own tax
  advisor with respect to the US tax consequences to you of an
investment in a fund.                                     

                                     Understanding Distributions and Taxes  | 45

P-->497153rd Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 153rd
APPENDIX                                                                        
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Hypothetical Expense Summary                              

         Using the annual fund operating expense ratios presented in the fee
     tables in the fund prospectus, the Hypothetical Expense Summary
          shows the estimated fees and expenses, in actual dollars, that would
         be charged on a hypothetical investment of $10,000 in the fund held
       for the next 10 years and the impact of such fees and expenses on
       fund returns for each year and cumulatively, assuming a 5% return
  for each year. The tables also assume that all dividends and
        distributions are reinvested. The annual fund expense ratios shown
          are net of any contractual fee waivers or expense reimbursements, if
          any, for the period of the contractual commitment. The tables do not
reflect redemption fees, if any, which may be payable upon
  redemption. If redemption fees were shown, the "Hypothetical
      Year-End Balance After Fees and Expenses" amounts shown would be
     lower and the "Annual Fees and Expenses" amounts shown would be
         higher. Also, please note that if you are investing through a third
       party provider, that provider may have fees and expenses separate
          from those of the fund that are not reflected here. Mutual fund fees
        and expenses fluctuate over time and actual expenses may be higher
or lower than those shown.                                

         The Hypothetical Expense Summary should not be used or construed as
an offer to sell, a solicitation of an offer to buy or a  
    recommendation or endorsement of any specific mutual fund. You
   should carefully review the fund's prospectus to consider the
          investment objectives, risks, expenses and charges of the fund prior
to investing.                                             

46 | Appendix                                                                   

P-->497154th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 154th
DWS Global Thematic Fund - Class S                                              

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

              MAXIMUM           INITIAL HYPOTHETICAL                 ASSUMED RATE             
           SALES CHARGE:             INVESTMENT:                      OF RETURN:              
               0.00%                   $10,000                            5%                  
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                              HYPOTHETICAL                    
             CUMULATIVE        ANNUAL       CUMULATIVE          YEAR-END                      
           RETURN BEFORE        FUND       RETURN AFTER      BALANCE AFTER      ANNUAL FEES   
              FEES AND        EXPENSE        FEES AND           FEES AND            AND       
YEAR          EXPENSES         RATIOS        EXPENSES           EXPENSES         EXPENSES     
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                              
   1            5.00%        1.19%              3.81%       $ 10,381.00        $   121.27     
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   2           10.25%        1.19%              7.77%       $ 10,776.52        $   125.89     
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   3           15.76%        1.19%             11.87%       $ 11,187.10        $   130.68     
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   4           21.55%        1.19%             16.13%       $ 11,613.33        $   135.66     
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   5           27.63%        1.19%             20.56%       $ 12,055.80        $   140.83     
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   6           34.01%        1.19%             25.15%       $ 12,515.12        $   146.20     
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   7           40.71%        1.19%             29.92%       $ 12,991.95        $   151.77     
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   8           47.75%        1.19%             34.87%       $ 13,486.94        $   157.55     
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   9           55.13%        1.19%             40.01%       $ 14,000.80        $   163.55     
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  10           62.89%        1.19%             45.34%       $ 14,534.23        $   169.78     
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  TOTAL                                                                        $ 1,443.18     
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

DWS International Fund - Class S                                                

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

              MAXIMUM           INITIAL HYPOTHETICAL                  ASSUMED RATE            
           SALES CHARGE:             INVESTMENT:                       OF RETURN:             
               0.00%                   $10,000                             5%                 
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                              HYPOTHETICAL                    
             CUMULATIVE        ANNUAL       CUMULATIVE          YEAR-END                      
           RETURN BEFORE        FUND       RETURN AFTER      BALANCE AFTER         ANNUAL     
              FEES AND        EXPENSE        FEES AND           FEES AND          FEES AND    
YEAR          EXPENSES         RATIOS        EXPENSES           EXPENSES          EXPENSES    
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                              
   1            5.00%        0.92%              4.08%       $ 10,408.00        $    93.88     
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   2           10.25%        0.92%              8.33%       $ 10,832.65        $    97.71     
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   3           15.76%        0.92%             12.75%       $ 11,274.62        $   101.69     
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   4           21.55%        0.92%             17.35%       $ 11,734.62        $   105.84     
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   5           27.63%        0.92%             22.13%       $ 12,213.40        $   110.16     
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   6           34.01%        0.92%             27.12%       $ 12,711.70        $   114.66     
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   7           40.71%        0.92%             32.30%       $ 13,230.34        $   119.33     
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   8           47.75%        0.92%             37.70%       $ 13,770.14        $   124.20     
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   9           55.13%        0.92%             43.32%       $ 14,331.96        $   129.27     
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  10           62.89%        0.92%             49.17%       $ 14,916.70        $   134.54     
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  TOTAL                                                                        $ 1,131.28     
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                                                  Appendix  | 47

P-->497155th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 155th
TO GET MORE INFORMATION                                                         

SHAREHOLDER REPORTS - These include commentary from a fund's management team    
about recent market conditions and the effects of a fund's strategies on its    
performance. They also have detailed performance figures, a list of everything  
a fund owns, and its financial statements. Shareholders get these reports       
automatically.                                                                  

STATEMENT OF ADDITIONAL INFORMATION (SAI) - This tells you more about a fund's  
features and policies, including additional risk information. The SAI is        
incorporated by reference into this document (meaning that it's legally part of 
this prospectus).                                                               

For a free copy of any of these documents or to request other information about 
a fund, call (800) 728-3337, or contact DWS Scudder at the address listed       
below. Each fund's SAI and shareholder reports are also available through the   
DWS Scudder Web site at www.dws-scudder.com. These documents and other          
information about each fund are available from the EDGAR Database on the SEC's  
Internet site at www.sec.gov. If you like, you may obtain copies of this        
information, after paying a copying fee, by e-mailing a request to              
publicinfo@sec.gov or by writing the SEC at the address listed below. You can   
also review and copy these documents and other information about each fund,     
including each fund's SAI, at the SEC's Public Reference Room in Washington,    
D.C. Information on the operation of the SEC's Public Reference Room may be     
obtained by calling (800) SEC-0330.                                             

                                                                [Download Table]

DWS SCUDDER              SEC                     DISTRIBUTOR                    
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                
PO Box 219151            100 F Street, N.E.      DWS Scudder Distributors, Inc. 
Kansas City, MO          Washington, D.C.        222 South Riverside Plaza      
64121-9151               20549-0102              Chicago, IL 60606-5808
WWW.DWS-SCUDDER.COM WWW.SEC.GOV             (800) 621-1148                 
(800) 728-3337           (800) SEC-0330                                         

                                                                [Download Table]

SEC FILE NUMBER:                                                               

DWS Global/International Fund, Inc.        DWS Global Thematic Fund    811-4670
DWS International Fund, Inc.                 DWS International Fund    811-642

(12/01/07) 68/07-2                                                              
[RECYCLED PAPER GRAPHIC APPEARS HERE]    [DWS SCUDDER LOGO GRAPHIC APPEARS HERE]

P-->497156th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 156th
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

DECEMBER 1, 2007

PROSPECTUS
------------------  
CLASSES A AND C 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

DWS INTERNATIONAL VALUE OPPORTUNITIES FUND

As with all mutual funds, the Securities and Exchange  Commission (SEC) does not
approve or disapprove these shares or determine  whether the information in this
prospectus  is  truthful  or  complete.  It is a criminal  offense for anyone to
inform you otherwise.                                                           

                                         [DWS SCUDDER LOGO GRAPHIC APPEARS HERE]

P-->497157th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 157th
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

CONTENTS                                                                        
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                                                [Download Table]

HOW THE FUND WORKS                     

  4      The Fund's Main Investment    
         Strategy                      

  5      The Main Risks of Investing in
         the Fund                      

  8      The Fund's Performance        
         History                       

  9      How Much Investors Pay        

 11      Other Policies and Secondary  
         Risks                         

 12      Who Manages and Oversees      
         the Fund                      

 16      Financial Highlights          

                                                                [Download Table]

HOW TO INVEST IN THE FUND           

 19      Choosing a Share Class     

 24      How to Buy Class A and C   
         Shares                     

 25      How to Exchange or Sell    
         Class A and C Shares       

 28      Policies You Should Know   
         About                      

 41      Understanding Distributions
         and Taxes                  

 44      Appendix                   

P-->497158th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 158th
HOW THE FUND WORKS                                                              

On the next few pages, you'll find information about the fund's investment      
goal, the main strategies it uses to pursue that goal and the main risks that   
could affect performance.                                                       

Whether you are considering investing in the fund or are already a shareholder, 
you'll want to LOOK THIS INFORMATION OVER CAREFULLY. You may want to keep it on 
hand for reference as well.                                                     

CLASSES A AND C shares are generally intended for investors seeking the advice  
and assistance of a financial advisor.                                          

Remember that mutual funds are investments, not bank deposits. They're not      
insured or guaranteed by the FDIC or any other government agency. Their share   
prices will go up and down, and you could lose money by investing in them.      

You can find DWS prospectuses on the Internet at WWW.DWS-SCUDDER.COM (the Web   
site does not form a part of this prospectus).                                  

P-->497159th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 159th
                                                                [Download Table]
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                
                                                 Class A    Class C             
  ticker symbol                                  DNVAX      DNVCX               
    fund number                                  455        755                 

DWS INTERNATIONAL VALUE OPPORTUNITIES FUND                                      
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


THE FUND'S MAIN INVESTMENT STRATEGY 

   The fund seeks long-term capital appreciation, with current
income as a secondary objective.                        

        Under normal circumstances, the fund invests at least 80% of its
           assets, determined at the time of purchase, in the stocks and other
        securities with equity characteristics of companies in developed
        countries outside the United States. Almost all the companies in
           which the fund invests are based in the developed foreign countries
     that make up the Morgan Stanley Capital International Europe,
         Australasia and Far East Index ("MSCI EAFE (Reg. TM) Index"). The
          fund may also invest a portion of its assets in companies based in
       the emerging markets of Latin America, the Middle East, Europe,
           Asia and Africa if the portfolio managers believe that their return
           potential more than compensates for the extra risks associated with
    these markets. While the portfolio managers have invested in
         emerging markets in the past, under normal market conditions they
      do not consider this a central element of the fund's strategy.
          Typically, the fund would not hold more than 20% of its net assets
       in emerging markets. In implementing this overall strategy, the
      fund may experience a high portfolio turnover rate. The fund's
         equity investments are mainly common stocks, but may also include
       other types of equities such as preferred stocks or convertible
       securities. The fund may also invest up to 20% of its assets in
          cash equivalents, US investment-grade fixed-income securities, and
US stocks and other equities.                           

           The fund invests for the long term. The portfolio managers employ a
    value strategy and invest in companies that they believe are
 undervalued. These are typically companies that have been
     historically sound but are temporarily out of favor. The fund
intends to invest primarily in companies whose market   
           capitalizations fall within the normal range of the MSCI EAFE (Reg.
TM) Index.                                              

4 | DWS International Value Opportunities Fund                                  

P-->497160th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 160th
         The portfolio managers track several thousand companies to arrive
        at between 50 to 70 stocks the fund normally holds. The managers
          use a variety of quantitative screens to compare a company's stock
          price to its book value, cash flow and dividend yield, and analyze
         individual companies to identify those that are financially sound
 and appear to have strong potential for long-term growth.

  After narrowing the investment universe through the use of
     valuation screens, the portfolio managers' use of fundamental
       research tools lies at the heart of the investment process. The
     portfolio managers' process brings an added dimension to this
        fundamental research by drawing on the insight of experts from a
           range of financial disciplines - regional stock market specialists,
          global industry specialists, economists and quantitative analysts.
          They challenge, refine and amplify each other's ideas. Their close
      collaboration is a critical element of the portfolio managers'
investment process.                                     

          OTHER INVESTMENTS. The fund is permitted, but not required, to use
        various types of derivatives (contracts whose value is based on,
           for example, indices, currencies or securities). Derivatives may be
   used for hedging and for risk management or for non-hedging
     purposes to seek to enhance potential gains. The fund may use
        derivatives in circumstances where portfolio management believes
          they offer an economical means of gaining exposure to a particular
           asset class or to keep cash on hand to meet shareholder redemptions
or other needs while maintaining exposure to the market.

          SECURITIES LENDING. The fund may lend its investment securities in
an amount up to 33 1/3% of its total assets to approved 
         institutional borrowers who need to borrow securities in order to
complete certain transactions.                          

THE MAIN RISKS OF INVESTING IN THE FUND                 

 There are several risk factors that could hurt the fund's
performance, cause you to lose money or cause the fund's
performance to trail that of other investments.         

        STOCK MARKET RISK. As with most stock funds, an important factor
        with this fund is how stock markets perform - (to the extent the
  fund invests in a particular geographic region, the fund's
    performance may be proportionately affected by that region's
           general performance). When stock prices fall, you should expect the
value of your investment to fall as well.               

                                 DWS International Value Opportunities Fund  | 5

P-->497161st Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 161st
        Because a stock represents ownership in its issuer, stock prices
          can be hurt by poor management, shrinking product demand and other
           business risks. These may affect single companies as well as groups
     of companies. In addition, movements in financial markets may
    adversely affect a stock's price, regardless of how well the
          company performs. The market as a whole may not favor the types of
      investments the fund makes and the fund may not be able to get
attractive prices for them.                             

          SECURITY SELECTION RISK. A risk that pervades all investing is the
       risk that the securities in the fund's portfolio may decline in
value.                                                  

    FOREIGN INVESTMENT RISK. Foreign investments involve certain
special risks, including:                               

    -  POLITICAL RISK. Some foreign governments have limited the
             outflow of profits to investors abroad, imposed restrictions on
             the exchange or export of foreign currency, extended diplomatic
       disputes to include trade and financial relations, seized
foreign investment and imposed high taxes.        

           -  INFORMATION RISK. Companies based in foreign markets are usually
         not subject to accounting, auditing and financial reporting
      standards and practices as stringent as those in the US.
           Therefore, their financial reports may present an incomplete,
              untimely or misleading picture of a foreign company, as compared
to the financial reports of US companies.         

  -  LIQUIDITY RISK. Investments that trade less can be more
              difficult or more costly to buy, or to sell, than more liquid or
        active investments. This liquidity risk is a factor of the
            trading volume of a particular investment, as well as the size
             and liquidity of the entire local market. On the whole, foreign
            exchanges are smaller and less liquid than the US market. This
            can make buying and selling certain investments more difficult
             and costly. Relatively small transactions in some instances can
            have a disproportionately large effect on the price and supply
           of securities. In certain situations, it may become virtually
         impossible to sell an investment in an orderly fashion at a
          price that approaches portfolio management's estimate of its
         value. For the same reason, it may at times be difficult to
value the fund's foreign investments.             

THE FOLLOWING SIDEBAR TEXT APPEARS NEXT TO THE PRECEDING PARAGRAPHS             

The fund is designed for investors who are seeking capital appreciation and are 
willing to accept the risks of investing in the stocks of foreign companies.    

6 | DWS International Value Opportunities Fund                                  

P-->497162nd Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 162nd
         -  REGULATORY RISK. There is generally less government regulation
              of foreign markets, companies and securities dealers than in the
US.                                               

       -  CURRENCY RISK. The fund invests in securities denominated in
              foreign currencies. This creates the possibility that changes in
              exchange rates between foreign currencies and the US dollar will
            affect the US dollar value of foreign securities or the income
or gain received on these securities.             

           -  LIMITED LEGAL RECOURSE RISK. Legal remedies for investors may be
 more limited than the remedies available in the US.

          -  TRADING PRACTICE RISK. Brokerage commissions and other fees are
  generally higher for foreign investments than for US
     investments. The procedures and rules governing foreign
          transactions and custody may also involve delays in payment,
delivery or recovery of money or investments.     

        -  TAXES. Foreign withholding and certain other taxes may reduce
             the amount of income available to distribute to shareholders of
            the fund. In addition, special US tax considerations may apply
to the fund's foreign investments.                

      EMERGING MARKET RISK. All of the risks of investing in foreign
           securities are increased in connection with investments in emerging
    markets securities. In addition, profound social changes and
         business practices that depart from norms in developed countries'
        economies have hindered the orderly growth of emerging economies
       and their markets in the past and have caused instability. High
         levels of debt tend to make emerging economies heavily reliant on
         foreign capital and vulnerable to capital flight. These countries
    are also more likely to experience high levels of inflation,
      deflation or currency devaluation, which could also hurt their
      economies and securities markets. For these and other reasons,
         investments in emerging markets are often considered speculative.

       DERIVATIVES RISK. Risks associated with derivatives include the
          risk that the derivative is not well correlated with the security,
        index or currency to which it relates; the risk that derivatives
     may not have the intended effects and may result in losses or
           missed opportunities; the risk that the fund will be unable to sell
        the derivative because of an illiquid secondary market; the risk
          that a counterparty is unwilling or unable to meet its obligation;
and the risk that the derivative transaction could      

                                 DWS International Value Opportunities Fund  | 7

P-->497163rd Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 163rd
        expose the fund to the effects of leverage, which could increase
       the fund's exposure to the market and magnify potential losses.
       There is no guarantee that derivatives, to the extent employed,
      will have the intended effect, and their use could cause lower
         returns or even losses to the fund. The use of derivatives by the
 fund to hedge risk may reduce the opportunity for gain by
    offsetting the positive effect of favorable price movements.

       PRICING RISK. At times, market conditions might make it hard to
      value some investments, and the fund may use certain valuation
     methodologies for some of its investments, such as fair value
         pricing. Given the subjective nature of such methodologies, it is
   possible that the value determined for an investment may be
         different than the value realized upon such investment's sale. If
     the fund has valued its securities too highly, you may end up
          paying too much for fund shares when you buy into the fund. If the
    fund underestimates the price of its securities, you may not
         receive the full market value for your fund shares when you sell.

           SECURITIES LENDING RISK. Any loss in the market price of securities
           loaned by the fund that occurs during the term of the loan would be
borne by the fund and would adversely affect the fund's 
        performance. Also, there may be delays in recovery of securities
    loaned or even a loss of rights in the collateral should the
     borrower of the securities fail financially while the loan is
           outstanding. However, loans will be made only to borrowers selected
   by the fund's delegate after a review of relevant facts and
      circumstances, including the creditworthiness of the borrower.

THE FUND'S PERFORMANCE HISTORY                          

        Since the fund commenced operations on July 5, 2006, performance
information is not available for a full calendar year.  

8 | DWS International Value Opportunities Fund                                  

P-->497164th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 164th
HOW MUCH INVESTORS PAY                                                          

The table below describes the fees and expenses that you may pay if you buy and 
hold fund shares. This information doesn't include any fees that may be charged 
by your financial advisor.                                                      

                                                                [Download Table]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
FEE TABLE                                           CLASS A              CLASS C
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                
 SHAREHOLDER FEES, paid directly from your investment                           
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Maximum Sales Charge (Load) Imposed                                            
 on Purchases (as % of offering price)                5.75% 1              None 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Maximum Contingent Deferred Sales                                              
 Charge (Load) (as % of redemption                                              
 proceeds)                                            None 2               1.00%
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Redemption/Exchange fee on shares                                              
 owned less than 15 days (as % of                                               
 redemption proceeds) 3                               2.00                 2.00 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 ANNUAL OPERATING EXPENSES, deducted from fund assets                           
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Management Fee 4                                     0.90%                0.90%
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Distribution/Service (12b-1) Fee                     0.25                 1.00 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Other Expenses                                       2.36                 2.41 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 TOTAL ANNUAL OPERATING EXPENSES                      3.51                 4.31 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Less Fee Waiver/Expense                                                        
 Reimbursement 5                                      1.90                 1.95 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 NET ANNUAL OPERATING EXPENSES 5                      1.61                 2.36 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

1   Because of rounding in the calculation of the offering price, the actual    
 maximum front-end sales charge paid by an investor may be higher than the
percentage noted (see "Choosing a Share Class - Class A shares").       

2   The redemption of shares purchased at net asset value under the Large Order 
  NAV Purchase Privilege (see "Choosing a Share Class - Class A shares") may
    be subject to a contingent deferred sales charge of 1.00% if redeemed within
    12 months of purchase and 0.50% if redeemed within the following six months.

3   This fee is charged on all applicable redemptions or exchanges. Please see  
  "Policies You Should Know About - Policies about transactions" for further
information.                                                            

4   Includes 0.10% administration fee.                                          

5   Through November 30, 2008, the advisor has contractually agreed to waive all
  or a portion of its management fee and reimburse or pay operating expenses
  of the fund to the extent necessary to maintain the fund's total operating
 expenses at 1.57% and 2.32% for Class A and Class C shares, respectively,
   excluding certain expenses such as extraordinary expenses, taxes, brokerage
and interest.                                                           

                                 DWS International Value Opportunities Fund  | 9

P-->497165th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 165th
Based on the costs above (including one year of capped expenses in each         
period), this example helps you compare this fund's expenses to those of other  
mutual funds. This example assumes the expenses above remain the same and that  
you invested $10,000, earned 5% annual returns and reinvested all dividends and 
distributions. This is only an example; actual expenses will be different.      

                                                                [Download Table]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXAMPLE               1 YEAR      3 YEARS      5 YEARS      10 YEARS            
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                
 EXPENSES, assuming you sold your shares at the end of each period              
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Class A shares        $729       $1,424       $2,139       $4,022              
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Class C shares         339        1,130        2,033        4,346              
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 EXPENSES, assuming you kept your shares                                        
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Class A shares        $729       $1,424       $2,139       $4,022              
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Class C shares         239        1,130        2,033        4,346              
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

10 | DWS International Value Opportunities Fund                                 

P-->497166th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 166th
OTHER POLICIES AND SECONDARY RISKS                                              

     While the previous pages describe the main points of the fund's
     strategy and risks, there are a few other issues to know about:

       -  Although major changes tend to be infrequent, the fund's Board
        could change the fund's investment objective without seeking
 shareholder approval. However, the Board will provide
          shareholders with at least 60 days' notice prior to making any
            changes to the fund's 80% investment policy as described herein.

          -  As a temporary defensive measure, the fund could shift up to 100%
         of assets into investments such as money market securities or
            other short-term securities that offer comparable levels of risk
        This could prevent losses, but, while engaged in a temporary
            defensive position, the fund will not be pursuing its investment
           goal. However, portfolio management may choose not to use these
   strategies for various reasons, even in volatile market
conditions.                                         

        -  The fund may trade actively. This could raise transaction costs
(thus lowering return) and could mean higher taxable
distributions.                                      

Secondary risks                                           

  CREDIT RISK. A fund purchasing bonds faces the risk that the
          creditworthiness of the issuer may decline, causing the value of its
      bonds to decline. In addition, an issuer may not be able to make
       timely payments on the interest and principal on the bonds it has
      issued. In some cases, bonds may decline in credit quality or go
into default.                                             

For more information                                      

    This prospectus doesn't tell you about every policy or risk of
investing in the fund.                                    

         If you want more information on the fund's allowable securities and
         investment practices and the characteristics and risks of each one,
   you may want to request a copy of the Statement of Additional
Information (the back cover tells you how to do this).    

        Keep in mind that there is no assurance that the fund will achieve
its goal.                                                 

                                        Other Policies and Secondary Risks  | 11

P-->497167th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 167th
          A complete list of the fund's portfolio holdings is posted as of the
         month-end on www.dws-scudder.com (the Web site does not form a part
          of this prospectus) on or after the last day of the following month.
         This posted information generally remains accessible at least until
     the date on which the fund files its Form N-CSR or N-Q with the
         Securities and Exchange Commission for the period that includes the
          date as of which the posted information is current. In addition, the
         fund's top ten equity holdings and other fund information is posted
       on www.dws-scudder.com as of the calendar quarter-end on or after
 the 15th day following quarter-end. The fund's Statement of
          Additional Information includes a description of the fund's policies
 and procedures with respect to the disclosure of the fund's
portfolio holdings.                                       

WHO MANAGES AND OVERSEES THE FUND                                               

The investment advisor                                    

 Deutsche Investment Management Americas Inc. ("DIMA" or the
    "Advisor"), with headquarters at 345 Park Avenue, New York, NY
10154, is the investment advisor for the fund. Under the oversight
    of the Board, the Advisor, or the subadvisor, makes investment
    decisions, buys and sells securities for the fund and conducts
   research that leads to these purchase and sale decisions. The
          Advisor provides a full range of global investment advisory services
to institutional and retail clients.                      

    DWS Scudder is part of Deutsche Asset Management, which is the
     marketing name in the US for the asset management activities of
          Deutsche Bank AG, DIMA, Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas and DWS
Trust Company.                                            

         Deutsche Asset Management is a global asset management organization
    that offers a wide range of investing expertise and resources,
         including hundreds of portfolio managers and analysts and an office
     network that reaches the world's major investment centers. This
      well-resourced global investment platform brings together a wide
     variety of experience and investment insight across industries,
regions, asset classes and investing styles.              

12 | Who Manages and Oversees the Fund                                          

P-->497168th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 168th
          The Advisor is an indirect, wholly owned subsidiary of Deutsche Bank
        AG. Deutsche Bank AG is a major global banking institution that is
         engaged in a wide range of financial services, including investment
       management, mutual funds, retail, private and commercial banking,
investment banking and insurance.                         

          MANAGEMENT FEE. The Advisor receives a management fee from the fund.
          Below is the actual rate paid by the fund for the most recent fiscal
   year, as a percentage of the fund's average daily net assets.

                                                                [Download Table]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
FUND NAME                                                    FEE PAID           
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                
DWS International Value Opportunities Fund                     0.00%*           
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

*   Reflects the effects of expense limitations and/or fee waivers then in      
effect.                                                                 

        As compensation for its services, DIMA is entitled to receive from
        the fund a fee (based upon the fund's average daily net assets) in
   accordance with the following schedule: 1.25% on the first $1
         billion; 1.20% on the next $1 billion; 1.15% on the next $1 billion
and 1.10% on assets in excess of $3 billion.              

      A discussion regarding the basis for the Board's approval of the
          fund's investment management agreement and subadvisory agreement, is
     contained in the shareholder report for the annual period ended
    August 31, 2006 (see "Shareholder reports" on the back cover).

         Under a separate administrative services agreement between the fund
          and the Advisor, the fund pays the Advisor for providing most of the
fund's administrative services.                           

                                         Who Manages and Oversees the Fund  | 13

P-->497169th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 169th
Subadvisor for DWS International Value Opportunities Fund 

      The subadvisor for DWS International Value Opportunities Fund is
     Deutsche Asset Management International GmbH ("DeAMi"), Mainzer
    Landstrasse 178-190, Frankfurt am Main, Germany. DeAMi renders
          investment advisory and management services to the fund. DeAMi is an
    investment advisor registered with the Securities and Exchange
        Commission and currently manages over $40 billion in assets, which
     is primarily comprised of institutional accounts and investment
companies. DeAMi is a subsidiary of Deutsche Bank AG. DIMA
      compensates DeAMi out of the management fee it receives from the
fund.                                                     

14 | Who Manages and Oversees the Fund                                          

P-->497170th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 170th
Portfolio management                                                            

The fund is managed by a team of investment professionals who collaborate to    
develop and implement the fund's investment strategy. Each portfolio manager on 
the team has authority over all aspects of the fund's investment portfolio,     
including but not limited to, purchases and sales of individual securities,     
portfolio construction techniques, portfolio risk assessment, and the           
management of daily cash flows in accordance with portfolio holdings.           

The following people handle the day-to-day management of the fund.              

Klaus Kaldemorgen                                                               
Managing Director of Deutsche Asset Management and Lead Portfolio Manager of    
the fund.                                                                       

- Joined Deutsche Asset Management in 1982 and the fund in 2006.                
- Head of Equities: Germany; senior portfolio manager of international          
equities; Managing Director of DWS Investment GmbH: Frankfurt.              
- Master's degree in economics, Johannes-Gutenberg University, Mainz.           

Carmen Weber, CFA                                                               
Director of Deutsche Asset Management and Portfolio Manager of the fund.        

- Joined Deutsche Asset Management and the fund in 2006.                        
- Senior portfolio manager for Global Equities: Frankfurt.                      
- Prior to that, Head of Growth and Equity Funds at Metzler.                    
- Over 13 years of investment industry experience.                              
- BA, University of Siegen, Germany.                                            

The fund's Statement of Additional Information provides additional information  
about a portfolio manager's investments in the fund, a description of the       
portfolio management compensation structure and information regarding other     
accounts managed.                                                               

                                         Who Manages and Oversees the Fund  | 15

P-->497171st Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 171st
FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS                                                            

The financial highlights are designed to help you understand recent financial   
performance. The figures in the first part of each table are for a single       
share. The total return figures represent the percentage that an investor in    
the fund would have earned (or lost), assuming all dividends and distributions  
were reinvested. This information has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers    
LLP, independent registered public accounting firm, whose report, along with    
the fund's financial statements, is included in the fund's annual report (see   
"Shareholder reports" on the back cover).                                       

DWS International Value Opportunities Fund - Class A                            

                                                                [Download Table]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
YEARS ENDED AUGUST 31,                                   2007            2006 a 
                                                                                
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
SELECTED PER SHARE DATA                                                         
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
NET ASSET VALUE, BEGINNING OF PERIOD                   $10.25         $ 10.00   
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Income (loss) from investment operations:                                       
  Net investment income (loss) b                          .19             .02   
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Net realized and unrealized gain (loss)                1.93             .23   
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  TOTAL FROM INVESTMENT OPERATIONS                       2.12             .25   
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Less distributions from:                                                        
  Net investment income                                  (.10)              -   
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Redemption fees                                           .00***            -   
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
NET ASSET VALUE, END OF PERIOD                        $ 12.27         $ 10.25   
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total Return (%) c,d                                    20.67            2.50** 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
RATIOS TO AVERAGE NET ASSETS AND SUPPLEMENTAL DATA                              
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net assets, end of period ($ millions)                      3               1   
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Ratio of expenses before expense reductions (%)          4.51            9.51*  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Ratio of expenses after expense reductions (%)           2.05 e          1.56*  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Ratio of net investment income (loss) (%)                1.62            1.74*  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Portfolio turnover rate (%)                               127               7** 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

a   For the period from July 5, 2006 (commencement of operations) to August 31,
2006.                                                                   

b   Based on average shares outstanding during the period.                      

c   Total return does not reflect the effect of any sales charges.              

d   Total returns would have been lower had certain expenses not been reduced.  

e   Ratio includes interest expense incurred on foreign cash overdrafts.        
Interest income incurred on domestic cash balances is included in income
  from investment operations. The ratio of expenses after expense reductions
excluding interest expense was 1.51% for the year ended August 31, 2007.

*   Annualized                                                                  

**  Not annualized                                                              

*** Amount is less than $.005.                                                  

16 | Financial Highlights                                                       

P-->497172nd Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 172nd
DWS International Value Opportunities Fund - Class C                            

                                                                [Download Table]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
YEARS ENDED AUGUST 31,                                   2007            2006 a 

SELECTED PER SHARE DATA                                                         
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
NET ASSET VALUE, BEGINNING OF PERIOD                  $ 10.23         $ 10.00   
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Income (loss) from investment operations:                                       
  Net investment income (loss) b                          .10             .01   
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Net realized and unrealized gain (loss)                1.93             .22   
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  TOTAL FROM INVESTMENT OPERATIONS                       2.03             .23   
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Less distributions from:                                                        
  Net investment income                                  (.01)              -   
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Redemption fees                                           .00***            -   
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
NET ASSET VALUE, END OF PERIOD                        $ 12.25         $ 10.23   
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total Return (%) c,d                                    19.90            2.30** 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
RATIOS TO AVERAGE NET ASSETS AND SUPPLEMENTAL DATA                              
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net assets, end of period ($ millions)                      3               1   
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Ratio of expenses before expense reductions (%)          5.31           10.26*  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Ratio of expenses after expense reductions (%)           2.85 e          2.31*  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Ratio of net investment income (loss) (%)                 .82             .99*  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Portfolio turnover rate (%)                               127               7** 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

a   For the period from July 5, 2006 (commencement of operations) to August 31,
2006.                                                                   

b   Based on average shares outstanding during the period.                      

c   Total return does not reflect the effect of any sales charges.              

d   Total returns would have been lower had certain expenses not been reduced.  

e   Ratio includes interest expense incurred on foreign cash overdrafts.        
Interest income incurred on domestic cash balances is included in income
  from investment operations. The ratio of expenses after expense reductions
excluding interest expense was 2.31% for the year ended August 31, 2007.

*   Annualized                                                                  

**  Not annualized                                                              

*** Amount is less than $.005.                                                  

                                                      Financial Highlights  | 17

P-->497173rd Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 173rd
HOW TO INVEST IN THE FUND                                                       

The following pages tell you how to invest in the fund and what to expect as a  
shareholder. If you're investing directly with DWS Scudder, all of this         
information applies to you.                                                     

The following pages also tell you about many of the services, choices and       
benefits of being a shareholder. You'll also find information on how to check   
the status of your account using the method that's most convenient for you.     

If you're investing through a "third party provider" - for example, a workplace 
retirement plan, financial supermarket or financial advisor - your provider may 
have its own policies or instructions and you should follow those.              

You can find out more about the topics covered here by speaking with your       
FINANCIAL ADVISOR OR A REPRESENTATIVE OF YOUR WORKPLACE RETIREMENT PLAN OR      
OTHER INVESTMENT PROVIDER.                                                      

P-->497174th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 174th
CHOOSING A SHARE CLASS 

Offered in this prospectus are the share classes noted on the front cover. Each 
class has its own fees and expenses, offering you a choice of cost structures.  
The fund may offer other classes of shares in a separate prospectus. These      
shares are intended for investors seeking the advice and assistance of a        
financial advisor, who will typically receive compensation for those services.  

Before you invest, take a moment to look over the characteristics of each share 
class, so that you can be sure to choose the class that's right for you. You    
may want to ask your financial advisor to help you with this decision.          

We describe each share class in detail on the following pages. But first, you   
may want to look at the table below, which gives you a brief comparison of the  
main features of each class.                                                    

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 CLASSES AND FEATURES                         POINTS TO HELP YOU COMPARE                  
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 CLASS A                                                                                  

 -  Sales charge of up to 5.75% charged       -  Some investors may be able to reduce     
    when you buy shares                          or eliminate their sales charge; see     
                                                 "Class A shares"                         
 -  In most cases, no charge when you                                                     
    sell shares                               -  Total annual expenses are lower than     
                                                 those for Class C                        
 -  Up to 0.25% annual shareholder                                                        
    servicing fee                                                                         
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 CLASS C                                                                                  

 -  No sales charge when you buy shares       -  Unlike Class A shares, Class C shares    
                                                 do not have a sales charge when          
 -  Deferred sales charge of 1.00%,              buying shares, but have higher annual    
    charged when you sell shares you             expenses than those for Class A          
    bought within the last year                  shares and a one year deferred sales     
                                                 charge                                   
 -  0.75% annual distribution fee and up                                                  
    to 0.25% annual shareholder servicing                                                 
    fee                                                                                   
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                                    Choosing a Share Class  | 19

P-->497175th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 175th
      Your financial advisor will typically be paid a fee when you buy
       shares and may receive different levels of compensation depending
    upon which class of shares you buy. The fund may pay financial
         advisors or other intermediaries compensation for the services they
       provide to their clients. This compensation may vary depending on
          the fund you buy or the class of shares of a fund that you buy. Your
      financial advisor may also receive compensation from the Advisor
       and/or its affiliates, please see "Financial intermediary support
payments."

Class A shares                                            

       Class A shares may make sense for long-term investors, especially
      those who are eligible for a reduced or eliminated sales charge.

 Class A shares have a 12b-1 plan, under which a shareholder
     servicing fee of up to 0.25% is deducted from class assets each
          year. Because the shareholder servicing fee is continuous in nature,
          it may, over time, increase the cost of your investment and may cost
you more than paying other types of sales charges.        

       Class A shares have an up-front sales charge that varies with the
amount you invest:                                        

                                                                [Download Table]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                              FRONT-END SALES          FRONT-END SALES          
                                CHARGE AS %          CHARGE AS % OF YOUR        
YOUR INVESTMENT            OF OFFERING PRICE 1,2       NET INVESTMENT 2         
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                
Up to $50,000                   5.75%                     6.10%                 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
$50,000-$99,999                 4.50                      4.71                  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
$100,000-$249,999               3.50                      3.63                  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
$250,000-$499,999               2.60                      2.67                  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
$500,000-$999,999               2.00                      2.04                  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
$1 million or more            see below                see below                
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

1   The offering price includes the sales charge.         

       2   Because of rounding in the calculation of the offering price,
          the actual front-end sales charge paid by an investor may be
higher or lower than the percentages noted.       

YOU MAY BE ABLE TO LOWER YOUR CLASS A SALES CHARGE IF:    

         -  you plan to invest at least $50,000 in Class A shares (including
             Class A shares in other retail DWS funds) over the next 24 months
("Letter of Intent")                                

20 | Choosing a Share Class                                                     

P-->497176th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 176th
        -  the amount of Class A shares you already own (including Class A
    shares in other retail DWS funds) plus the amount you're
            investing now in Class A shares is at least $50,000 ("Cumulative
Discount")                                          

          -  you are investing a total of $50,000 or more in Class A shares of
           several retail DWS funds on the same day ("Combined Purchases")

       The point of these three features is to let you count investments
   made at other times or in certain other funds for purposes of
     calculating your present sales charge. Any time you can use the
    privileges to "move" your investment into a lower sales charge
category, it's generally beneficial for you to do so.     

        For purposes of determining whether you are eligible for a reduced
         Class A sales charge, you and your immediate family (your spouse or
       life partner and your children or stepchildren age 21 or younger)
     may aggregate your investments in the DWS family of funds. This
         includes, for example, investments held in a retirement account, an
        employee benefit plan or at a financial advisor other than the one
        handling your current purchase. These combined investments will be
      valued at their current offering price to determine whether your
current investment qualifies for a reduced sales charge.  

      To receive a reduction in your Class A initial sales charge, you
         must let your financial advisor or Shareholder Services know at the
         time you purchase shares that you qualify for such a reduction. You
       may be asked by your financial advisor or Shareholder Services to
       provide account statements or other information regarding related
      accounts of you or your immediate family in order to verify your
eligibility for a reduced sales charge.                   

     For more information about sales charge discounts, please visit
        www.dws-scudder.com (click on the link entitled "Fund Sales Charge
       and Breakpoint Schedule"), consult with your financial advisor or
         refer to the section entitled "Purchase or Redemption of Shares" in
the fund's Statement of Additional Information.           

     IN CERTAIN CIRCUMSTANCES, YOU MAY BE ABLE TO BUY CLASS A SHARES
          WITHOUT A SALES CHARGE. For example, the sales charge will be waived
     if you are reinvesting dividends or distributions or if you are
       exchanging an investment in Class A shares of another fund in the
          DWS family of funds for an investment in Class A shares of the fund.
In addition, a sales charge waiver                        

                                                    Choosing a Share Class  | 21

P-->497177th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 177th
       may apply to transactions by certain retirement plans and certain
        other entities or persons (e.g., affiliated persons of DeAM or the
        DWS funds) and with respect to certain types of investments (e.g.,
         an investment advisory or agency commission program under which you
    pay a fee to an investment advisor or other firm for portfolio
management or brokerage services).                        

          Details regarding the types of investment programs and categories of
      investors eligible for a sales charge waiver are provided in the
fund's Statement of Additional Information.               

        There are a number of additional provisions that apply in order to
         be eligible for a sales charge waiver. The fund may waive the sales
      charge for investors in other situations as well. Your financial
        advisor or Shareholder Services can answer your questions and help
you determine if you are eligible.                        

     IF YOU'RE INVESTING $1 MILLION OR MORE, either as a lump sum or
         through one of the sales charge reduction features described above,
      you may be eligible to buy Class A shares without a sales charge
         ("Large Order NAV Purchase Privilege"). However, you may be charged
          a contingent deferred sales charge (CDSC) of 1.00% on any shares you
        sell within 12 months of owning them and a similar charge of 0.50%
      on shares you sell within the following six months. This CDSC is
       waived under certain circumstances (see "Policies You Should Know
About"). Your financial advisor or Shareholder Services can answer
your questions and help you determine if you're eligible. 

22 | Choosing a Share Class                                                     

P-->497178th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 178th
Class C shares                                            

         Class C shares may appeal to investors who plan to sell some or all
   of their shares within six years of buying them or who aren't
certain of their investment time horizon.                 

        With Class C shares, you pay no up-front sales charge to the fund.
         Class C shares have a 12b-1 plan, under which a distribution fee of
       0.75% and a shareholder servicing fee of up to 0.25% are deducted
    from class assets each year. Because of these fees, the annual
          expenses for Class C shares are higher than those for Class A shares
          (and the performance of Class C shares is correspondingly lower than
that of Class A shares).                                  

        Class C shares have a CDSC, but only on shares you sell within one
year of buying them:                                      

                                                                [Download Table]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   YEAR AFTER YOU BOUGHT SHARES        CDSC ON SHARES YOU SELL                  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                
First year                                      1.00%                           
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Second year and later                           None                            
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

        This CDSC is waived under certain circumstances (see "Policies You
Should Know About"). Your financial advisor or Shareholder Services
          can answer your questions and help you determine if you're eligible.

      While Class C shares do not have an up-front sales charge, their
        higher annual expenses mean that, over the years, you could end up
       paying more than the equivalent of the maximum allowable up-front
sales charge.                                             

   Orders to purchase Class C shares of $500,000 or more will be
   declined with the exception of orders received from financial
    representatives acting for clients whose shares are held in an
     omnibus account and certain employer-sponsored employee benefit
plans.                                                    

                                                    Choosing a Share Class  | 23

P-->497179th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 179th
How to BUY Class A and C Shares                                                 

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 FIRST INVESTMENT                              ADDITIONAL INVESTMENTS                     
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                          

 $1,000 or more for regular accounts           $50 or more for regular accounts and       
 $500 or more for IRAs                         IRA accounts                               
 $500 or more with an Automatic                $50 or more with an Automatic              
 Investment Plan                               Investment Plan                            
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 THROUGH A FINANCIAL ADVISOR                                                              
 -  Contact your advisor using the             -  Contact your advisor using the          
    method that's most convenient for you         method that's most convenient for you   
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 BY MAIL OR EXPRESS MAIL (SEE BELOW)                                                      
 -  Fill out and sign an application           -  Send a check made out to "DWS           
                                                  Scudder" and a DWS Scudder              
 -  Send it to us at the appropriate              investment slip to us at the            
    address, along with an investment             appropriate address below               
    check                                                                                 
                                               -  If you don't have an investment slip,   
                                                  simply include a letter with your       
                                                  name, account number, the full name     
                                                  of the fund and the share class and     
                                                  your investment instructions            
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 BY WIRE                                                                                  
 -  Call (800) 621-1048 for instructions       -  Call (800) 621-1048 for instructions    
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 BY PHONE                                                                                 
 Not available                                 -  Call (800) 621-1048 for instructions    
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 WITH AN AUTOMATIC INVESTMENT PLAN                                                        
 -  Fill in the application and include a      -  Call (800) 621-1048 for instructions    
    voided check                                                                          
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 USING QuickBuy                                                                           
 Not available                                 -  Call (800) 621-1048 to make sure        
                                                  QuickBuy is set up on your account; if  
                                                  it is, you can request a transfer from  
                                                  your bank account of any amount         
                                                  between $50 and $250,000                
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 ON THE INTERNET                                                                          
 Not available                                 -  Go to www.dws-scudder.com and           
                                                  register                                

                                               -  Follow the instructions for buying      
                                                  shares with money from your bank        
                                                  account                                 
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
REGULAR MAIL:                                                                   

First Investment: DWS Scudder, PO Box 219356, Kansas City, MO 64121-9356        
Additional Investments: DWS Scudder, PO Box 219154, Kansas City, MO 64121-9154
EXPRESS, REGISTERED OR CERTIFIED MAIL:                                          
DWS Scudder, 210 West 10th Street, Kansas City, MO 64105-1614                   

24 | How to Buy Class A and C Shares                                            

P-->497180th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 180th
How to EXCHANGE or SELL Class A and C Shares                                    

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
 EXCHANGING INTO ANOTHER FUND                   SELLING SHARES                             
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
                                                                                           
 -  Exchanges into existing accounts:          Some transactions, including most for       
    $50 minimum per fund                       over $100,000, can only be ordered in       
                                               writing with a signature guarantee;         
 -  Exchanges into new accounts:               please see "Signature Guarantee"            
    $1,000 minimum per fund                                                                
    $500 minimum for IRAs                                                                  
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
 THROUGH A FINANCIAL ADVISOR                                                               
 -  Contact your advisor by the method         -  Contact your advisor by the method       
    that's most convenient for you                that's most convenient for you           
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
 BY PHONE OR WIRE                                                                          
 -  Call (800) 621-1048 for instructions       -  Call (800) 621-1048 for instructions     
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
 BY MAIL OR EXPRESS MAIL                                                                   
 (see previous page for address)                                                           
 Write a letter that includes:                 Write a letter that includes:               

 -  the fund, class and account number         -  the fund, class and account number       
    you're exchanging out of                      from which you want to sell shares       

 -  the dollar amount or number of shares      -  the dollar amount or number of shares    
    you want to exchange                          you want to sell                         

 -  the name and class of the fund you         -  your name(s), signature(s) and           
    want to exchange into                         address, as they appear on your          
                                                  account                                  
 -  your name(s), signature(s) and                                                         
    address, as they appear on your            -  a daytime telephone number               
    account                                                                                

 -  a daytime telephone number                                                             
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
 WITH AN AUTOMATIC EXCHANGE PLAN                WITH AN AUTOMATIC WITHDRAWAL PLAN          
 -  To set up regular exchanges from a         -  Call (800) 621-1048 (minimum $50)        
    fund account, call (800) 621-1048                                                      
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
 USING QuickSell                                                                           
 Not available                                 -  Call (800) 621-1048 to make sure         
                                                  QuickSell is set up on your account; if  
                                                  it is, you can request a transfer to your
                                                  bank account of any amount between       
                                                  $50 and $250,000                         
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
 ON THE INTERNET                                                                           
 -  Register at www.dws-scudder.com            -  Register at www.dws-scudder.com          
    and log in and then follow the                and log in and then follow the           
    instructions for making on-line               instructions for making on-line          
    exchanges                                     redemptions                              
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                                                [Download Table]
                                                                               
TO REACH US:  WEB SITE: www.dws-scudder.com                                    
              TELEPHONE REPRESENTATIVE: (800) 621-1048, M-F, 9 a.m. - 6 p.m. ET
              TDD LINE: (800) 972-3006, M-F, 9 a.m. - 6 p.m. ET                

                              How to Exchange or Sell Class A and C Shares  | 25

P-->497181st Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 181st
Financial intermediary support payments                   

     The Advisor, DWS Scudder Distributors, Inc. (the "Distributor")
     and/or their affiliates may pay additional compensation, out of
      their own assets and not as an additional charge to the fund, to
          selected affiliated and unaffiliated brokers, dealers, participating
       insurance companies or other financial intermediaries ("financial
        advisors") in connection with the sale and/or distribution of fund
         shares or the retention and/or servicing of fund investors and fund
      shares ("revenue sharing"). Such revenue sharing payments are in
         addition to any distribution or service fees payable under any Rule
        12b-1 or service plan of the fund, any record keeping/sub-transfer
       agency/networking fees payable by the fund (generally through the
    Distributor or an affiliate) and/or the Distributor to certain
   financial advisors for performing such services and any sales
        charges, commissions, non-cash compensation arrangements expressly
permitted under applicable rules of the Financial Industry
          Regulatory Authority ("FINRA") or other concessions described in the
   fee table or elsewhere in this prospectus or the Statement of
      Additional Information as payable to all financial advisors. For
       example, the Advisor, the Distributor and/or their affiliates may
      compensate financial advisors for providing the fund with "shelf
         space" or access to a third party platform or fund offering list or
        other marketing programs, including, without limitation, inclusion
      of the fund on preferred or recommended sales lists, mutual fund
       "supermarket" platforms and other formal sales programs; granting
    the Distributor access to the financial advisor's sales force;
granting the Distributor access to the financial advisor's
        conferences and meetings; assistance in training and educating the
 financial advisor's personnel; and obtaining other forms of
marketing support.                                        

          The level of revenue sharing payments made to financial advisors may
        be a fixed fee or based upon one or more of the following factors:
       gross sales, current assets and/or number of accounts of the fund
        attributable to the financial advisor, the particular fund or fund
         type or other measures as agreed to by the Advisor, the Distributor
and/or their affiliates and the financial advisors or any 
          combination thereof. The amount of these revenue sharing payments is
         determined at the discretion of the Advisor, the Distributor and/or
        their affiliates from time to time, may be substantial, and may be
       different for different financial advisors based on, for example,
   the nature of the services provided by the financial advisor.

26 | How to Exchange or Sell Class A and C Shares                               

P-->497182nd Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 182nd
         The Advisor, the Distributor and/or their affiliates currently make
       revenue sharing payments from their own assets in connection with
      the sale and/or distribution of DWS Fund shares or the retention
    and/or servicing of investors and DWS Fund shares to financial
      advisors in amounts that generally range from .01% up to .50% of
          assets of the fund serviced and maintained by the financial advisor,
     .10% to .25% of sales of the fund attributable to the financial
       advisor, a flat fee of $12,500 up to $500,000, or any combination
       thereof. These amounts are subject to change at the discretion of
          the Advisor, the Distributor and/or their affiliates. Receipt of, or
 the prospect of receiving, this additional compensation may
         influence your financial advisor's recommendation of the fund or of
    any particular share class of the fund. You should review your
     financial advisor's compensation disclosure and/or talk to your
financial advisor to obtain more information on how this  
compensation may have influenced your financial advisor's 
        recommendation of the fund. Additional information regarding these
     revenue sharing payments is included in the fund's Statement of
        Additional Information, which is available to you on request at no
        charge (see the back cover of this prospectus for more information
on how to request a copy of the Statement of Additional   
Information).                                             

        The Advisor, the Distributor and/or their affiliates may also make
         such revenue sharing payments to financial advisors under the terms
     discussed above in connection with the distribution of both DWS
       funds and non-DWS funds by financial advisors to retirement plans
   that obtain record keeping services from ADP, Inc. on the DWS
        Scudder branded retirement plan platform (the "Platform") with the
          level of revenue sharing payments being based upon sales of both the
     DWS funds and the non-DWS funds by the financial advisor on the
      Platform or current assets of both the DWS funds and the non-DWS
   funds serviced and maintained by the financial advisor on the
Platform.                                                 

          It is likely that broker-dealers that execute portfolio transactions
      for the fund will include firms that also sell shares of the DWS
      funds to their customers. However, the Advisor will not consider
sales of DWS fund shares as a factor in the selection of  
         broker-dealers to execute portfolio transactions for the DWS funds.
      Accordingly, the Advisor has implemented policies and procedures
          reasonably designed to prevent its traders from considering sales of
DWS fund shares as a factor in the selection of           

                              How to Exchange or Sell Class A and C Shares  | 27

P-->497183rd Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 183rd
       broker-dealers to execute portfolio transactions for the fund. In
         addition, the Advisor, the Distributor and/or their affiliates will
   not use fund brokerage to pay for their obligation to provide
       additional compensation to financial advisors as described above.

POLICIES YOU SHOULD KNOW ABOUT 

          Along with the information on the previous pages, the policies below
        may affect you as a shareholder. Some of this information, such as
       the section on distributions and taxes, applies to all investors,
including those investing through a financial advisor.    

   If you are investing through a financial advisor or through a
       retirement plan, check the materials you received from them about
         how to buy and sell shares because particular financial advisors or
        other intermediaries may adopt policies, procedures or limitations
          that are separate from those described by the fund. Please note that
        a financial advisor may charge fees separate from those charged by
the fund and may be compensated by the fund.              

          Keep in mind that the information in this prospectus applies only to
     the shares offered herein. Other share classes are described in
     separate prospectuses and have different fees, requirements and
services.                                                 

          In order to reduce the amount of mail you receive and to help reduce
         expenses, we generally send a single copy of any shareholder report
         and prospectus to each household. If you do not want the mailing of
         these documents to be combined with those for other members of your
    household, please contact your financial advisor or call (800)
621-1048.                                                 

Policies about transactions                               

        THE FUND IS OPEN FOR BUSINESS each day the New York Stock Exchange
       is open. The fund calculates its share price for each class every
      business day, as of the close of regular trading on the New York
     Stock Exchange (typically 4:00 p.m. Eastern time, but sometimes
          earlier, as in the case of scheduled half-day trading or unscheduled
    suspensions of trading). You can place an order to buy or sell
shares at any time.                                       

28 | Policies You Should Know About                                             

P-->497184th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 184th
     To help the government fight the funding of terrorism and money
laundering activities, federal law requires all financial 
institutions to obtain, verify and record information that
          identifies each person who opens an account. What this means to you:
        When you open an account, we will ask for your name, address, date
        of birth and other information that will allow us to identify you.
         Some or all of this information will be used to verify the identity
of all persons opening an account.                        

          We might request additional information about you (which may include
         certain documents, such as articles of incorporation for companies)
         to help us verify your identity and, in some cases, the information
       and/or documents may be required to conduct the verification. The
  information and documents will be used solely to verify your
identity.                                                 

   We will attempt to collect any missing required and requested
        information by contacting you or your financial advisor. If we are
          unable to obtain this information within the time frames established
 by the fund, then we may reject your application and order.

   The fund will not invest your purchase until all required and
     requested identification information has been provided and your
          application has been submitted in "good order." After we receive all
         the information, your application is deemed to be in good order and
       we accept your purchase, you will receive the net asset value per
share next calculated, less any applicable sales charge.  

 If we are unable to verify your identity within time frames
      established by the fund, after a reasonable effort to do so, you
will receive written notification.                        

          With certain limited exceptions, only US residents may invest in the
fund.                                                     

         Because orders placed through a financial advisor must be forwarded
        to the transfer agent before they can be processed, you'll need to
         allow extra time. Your financial advisor should be able to tell you
approximately when your order will be processed. It is the
       responsibility of your financial advisor to forward your order to
the transfer agent in a timely manner.                    

        INITIAL PURCHASE. The minimum initial investment for Class A and C
        shares is $1,000, except for investments on behalf of participants
    in certain fee-based and wrap programs offered through certain
financial intermediaries approved by the Advisor,         

                                            Policies You Should Know About  | 29

P-->497185th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 185th
     for which there is no minimum initial investment; and IRAs, for
   which the minimum initial investment is $500 per account. The
        minimum initial investment is $500 per account if you establish an
         automatic investment plan. Group retirement plans and certain other
        accounts have similar or lower minimum share balance requirements.

        SUB-MINIMUM BALANCES. The fund may close your account and send you
          the proceeds if your balance falls below $1,000 ($250 for retirement
      accounts and $500 for accounts with an Automatic Investment Plan
      funded with $50 or more per month in subsequent investments). We
        will give you 60 days' notice (90 days for retirement accounts) so
       you can either increase your balance or close your account (these
         policies don't apply to investors with $100,000 or more in DWS fund
      shares, investors in certain fee-based and wrap programs offered
          through certain financial intermediaries approved by the Advisor, or
    group retirement plans and certain other accounts having lower
minimum share balance requirements).                      

       SUBSEQUENT INVESTMENTS. The minimum subsequent investment is $50.
        However, there is no minimum investment requirement for subsequent
        investments in Class A shares on behalf of participants in certain
   fee-based and wrap programs offered through certain financial
intermediaries approved by the Advisor.                   

MARKET TIMING POLICIES AND PROCEDURES. Short-term and excessive
         trading of fund shares may present risks to long-term shareholders,
including potential dilution in the value of fund shares, 
        interference with the efficient management of the fund's portfolio
     (including losses on the sale of investments), taxable gains to
       remaining shareholders and increased brokerage and administrative
      costs. These risks may be more pronounced if the fund invests in
          certain securities, such as those that trade in foreign markets, are
 illiquid or do not otherwise have "readily available market
          quotations." Certain investors may seek to employ short-term trading
      strategies aimed at exploiting variations in portfolio valuation
          that arise from the nature of the securities held by the fund (e.g.,
 "time zone arbitrage"). The fund discourages short-term and
        excessive trading and has adopted policies and procedures that are
    intended to detect and deter short-term and excessive trading.

30 | Policies You Should Know About                                             

P-->497186th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 186th
        Pursuant to its policies, the fund will impose a 2% redemption fee
  on fund shares held for less than a specified holding period
      (subject to certain exceptions discussed below under "Redemption
fees"). The fund also reserves the right to reject or cancel a
         purchase or exchange order for any reason without prior notice. For
         example, the fund may in its discretion reject or cancel a purchase
        or an exchange order even if the transaction is not subject to the
      specific roundtrip transaction limitation described below if the
          Advisor believes that there appears to be a pattern of short-term or
    excessive trading activity by a shareholder or deems any other
   trading activity harmful or disruptive to the fund. The fund,
         through its Advisor and Transfer Agent, will measure short-term and
        excessive trading by the number of roundtrip transactions within a
shareholder's account during a rolling 12-month period. A 
       "roundtrip" transaction is defined as any combination of purchase
      and redemption activity (including exchanges) of the same fund's
          shares. The fund may take other trading activity into account if the
          fund believes such activity is of an amount or frequency that may be
  harmful to long-term shareholders or disruptive to portfolio
management.                                               

         Shareholders are limited to four roundtrip transactions in the same
     DWS Fund (excluding money market funds) over a rolling 12-month
          period. Shareholders with four or more roundtrip transactions in the
      same DWS Fund within a rolling 12-month period generally will be
          blocked from making additional purchases of, or exchanges into, that
      DWS Fund. The fund has sole discretion whether to remove a block
         from a shareholder's account. The rights of a shareholder to redeem
 shares of a DWS Fund are not affected by the four roundtrip
       transaction limitation, but all redemptions remain subject to the
   fund's redemption fee policy (see "Redemption fees" described
below).                                                   

         The Advisor may make exceptions to the roundtrip transaction policy
          for certain types of transactions if in its opinion the transactions
         do not represent short-term or excessive trading or are not abusive
     or harmful to the fund, such as, but not limited to, systematic
transactions, required minimum retirement distributions,  
          transactions initiated by the fund or administrator and transactions
by certain qualified fund-of-fund(s).                     

                                            Policies You Should Know About  | 31

P-->497187th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 187th
         In certain circumstances where shareholders hold shares of the fund
  through a financial intermediary, the fund may rely upon the
      financial intermediary's policy to deter short-term or excessive
       trading if the Advisor believes that the financial intermediary's
         policy is reasonably designed to detect and deter transactions that
are not in the best interests of the fund. A financial    
       intermediary's policy relating to short-term or excessive trading
     may be more or less restrictive than the DWS Funds' policy, may
 permit certain transactions not permitted by the DWS Funds'
      policies, or prohibit transactions not subject to the DWS Funds'
policies.                                                 

The Advisor may also accept undertakings from a financial 
         intermediary to enforce short-term or excessive trading policies on
      behalf of the fund that provide a substantially similar level of
     protection for the fund against such transactions. For example,
     certain financial intermediaries may have contractual, legal or
          operational restrictions that prevent them from blocking an account.
     In such instances, the financial intermediary may use alternate
         techniques that the Advisor considers to be a reasonable substitute
for such a block.                                         

    In addition, if the fund invests some portion of its assets in
         foreign securities, it has adopted certain fair valuation practices
          intended to protect the fund from "time zone arbitrage" with respect
         to its foreign securities holdings and other trading practices that
       seek to exploit variations in portfolio valuation that arise from
       the nature of the securities held by the fund. (See "How the fund
calculates share price.")                                 

      There is no assurance that these policies and procedures will be
          effective in limiting short-term and excessive trading in all cases.
      For example, the Advisor may not be able to effectively monitor,
   detect or limit short-term or excessive trading by underlying
     shareholders that occurs through omnibus accounts maintained by
   broker-dealers or other financial intermediaries. The Advisor
        reviews trading activity at the omnibus level to detect short-term
     or excessive trading. If the Advisor has reason to suspect that
        short-term or excessive trading is occurring at the omnibus level,
    the Advisor will contact the financial intermediary to request
       underlying shareholder level activity. Depending on the amount of
         fund shares held in such omnibus accounts (which may represent most
       of the fund's shares) short-term and/or excessive trading of fund
          shares could adversely affect long-term shareholders in the fund. If
          short-term or excessive trading is identified, the Advisor will take
appropriate action.                                       

32 | Policies You Should Know About                                             

P-->497188th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 188th
         The fund's market timing policies and procedures may be modified or
terminated at any time.                                   

REDEMPTION FEES. The fund imposes a redemption fee of 2% of the
     total redemption amount (calculated at net asset value, without
       regard to the effect of any contingent deferred sales charge; any
    contingent deferred sales charge is also assessed on the total
  redemption amount without regard to the assessment of the 2%
        redemption fee) on all fund shares redeemed or exchanged within 15
          days of buying them (either by purchase or exchange). The redemption
   fee is paid directly to the fund and is designed to encourage
    long-term investment and to offset transaction and other costs
      associated with short-term or excessive trading. For purposes of
     determining whether the redemption fee applies, shares held the
          longest time will be treated as being redeemed first and shares held
the shortest time will be treated as being redeemed last. 

      The redemption fee is applicable to fund shares purchased either
directly or through a financial intermediary, such as a   
  broker-dealer. Transactions through financial intermediaries
        typically are placed with the fund on an omnibus basis and include
      both purchase and sale transactions placed on behalf of multiple
          investors. These purchase and sale transactions are generally netted
        against one another and placed on an aggregate basis; consequently
        the identities of the individuals on whose behalf the transactions
          are placed generally are not known to the fund. For this reason, the
     fund has undertaken to notify financial intermediaries of their
         obligation to assess the redemption fee on customer accounts and to
 collect and remit the proceeds to the fund. However, due to
        operational requirements, the intermediaries' methods for tracking
          and calculating the fee may be inadequate or differ in some respects
       from the fund's. Subject to approval by the Advisor or the fund's
         Board, intermediaries who transact business on an omnibus basis may
      implement the redemption fees according to their own operational
      guidelines (which may be different than the fund's policies) and
remit the fees to the fund.                               

   The redemption fee will not be charged in connection with the
        following exchange or redemption transactions: (i) transactions on
    behalf of participants in certain research wrap programs; (ii)
        transactions on behalf of participants in certain group retirement
     plans and financial intermediaries whose processing systems are
     incapable of properly applying the redemption fee to underlying
    shareholders; (iii) transactions on behalf of a shareholder to

                                            Policies You Should Know About  | 33

P-->497189th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 189th
  return any excess IRA contributions to the shareholder; (iv)
          transactions on behalf of a shareholder to effect a required minimum
      distribution on an IRA; (v) transactions on behalf of any mutual
     fund advised by the Advisor and its affiliates (e.g., "funds of
          funds") or, in the case of a master/feeder relationship, redemptions
        by the feeder fund from the master portfolio; (vi) transactions on
       behalf of certain unaffiliated mutual funds operating as funds of
    funds; (vii) transactions following death or disability of any
     registered shareholder, beneficial owner or grantor of a living
        trust with respect to shares purchased before death or disability;
(viii) transactions involving hardship of any registered  
      shareholder; (ix) systematic transactions with pre-defined trade
      dates for purchases, exchanges or redemptions, such as automatic
  account rebalancing, or loan origination and repayments; (x)
         transactions involving shares purchased through the reinvestment of
          dividends or other distributions; (xi) transactions involving shares
         transferred from another account in the same fund or converted from
          another class of the same fund (the redemption fee period will carry
       over to the acquired shares); (xii) transactions initiated by the
      fund or administrator (e.g., redemptions for not meeting account
          minimums, to pay account fees funded by share redemptions, or in the
event of the liquidation or merger of the fund); or (xiii)
transactions in cases when there are legal or contractual 
         limitations or restrictions on the imposition of the redemption fee
         (as determined by the fund or its agents in their sole discretion).
        It is the policy of the DWS funds to permit approved fund platform
    providers to execute transactions within the funds without the
       imposition of a redemption fee if such providers have implemented
        alternative measures that are determined by the Advisor to provide
         controls on short-term and excessive trading that are comparable to
the DWS funds' policies.                                  

   THE AUTOMATED INFORMATION LINE IS AVAILABLE 24 HOURS A DAY BY
         CALLING (800) 621-1048. You can use our automated phone services to
          get information on DWS funds generally and on accounts held directly
         at DWS Scudder. You can also use this service to make exchanges and
sell shares.                                              

     QUICKBUY AND QUICKSELL let you set up a link between a DWS fund
          account and a bank account. Once this link is in place, you can move
       money between the two with a phone call. You'll need to make sure
your bank has Automated Clearing House                    

THE FOLLOWING SIDEBAR TEXT APPEARS NEXT TO THE PRECEDING PARAGRAPHS             

The DWS Scudder Web site can be a valuable resource for shareholders with       
Internet access. Go to WWW.DWS-SCUDDER.COM to get up-to-date information, review
balances or even place orders for exchanges.                                    

34 | Policies You Should Know About                                             

P-->497190th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 190th
         (ACH) services. Transactions take two to three days to be completed
  and there is a $50 minimum and a $250,000 maximum. To set up
          QuickBuy or QuickSell on a new account, see the account application;
to add it to an existing account, call (800) 621-1048.    

TELEPHONE AND ELECTRONIC TRANSACTIONS. Generally, you are 
    automatically entitled to telephone and electronic transaction
       privileges, but you may elect not to have them when you open your
          account or by contacting Shareholder Services at (800) 621-1048 at a
later date.                                               

Since many transactions may be initiated by telephone or  
          electronically, it's important to understand that as long as we take
    reasonable steps to ensure that an order to purchase or redeem
shares is genuine, such as recording calls or requesting  
  personalized security codes or other information, we are not
responsible for any losses that may occur as a result. For
         transactions conducted over the Internet, we recommend the use of a
          secure Internet browser. In addition, you should verify the accuracy
         of your confirmation statements immediately after you receive them.

THE FUND DOES NOT ISSUE SHARE CERTIFICATES.               

          WHEN YOU ASK US TO SEND OR RECEIVE A WIRE, please note that while we
          don't charge a fee to send or receive wires, it's possible that your
         bank may do so. Wire transactions are generally completed within 24
      hours. The fund can only send wires of $1,000 or more and accept
wires of $50 or more.                                     

      THE FUND ACCEPTS PAYMENT FOR SHARES ONLY IN US DOLLARS by check,
         bank or Federal Funds wire transfer or by electronic bank transfer.
   Please note that the fund does not accept cash, money orders,
          traveler's checks, starter checks, third party checks (except checks
      for retirement plan asset transfers and rollovers or for Uniform
    Gifts to Minors Act/Uniform Transfers to Minors Act accounts),
   checks drawn on foreign banks or checks issued by credit card
 companies or Internet-based companies. Thus, subject to the
          foregoing exceptions for certain third party checks, checks that are
    otherwise permissible must be drawn by the account holder on a
domestic bank and must be payable to the fund.            

THE FOLLOWING SIDEBAR TEXT APPEARS NEXT TO THE PRECEDING PARAGRAPHS             

If you ever have difficulty placing an order by phone or Internet, you can send 
us your order in writing.                                                       

                                            Policies You Should Know About  | 35

P-->497191st Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 191st
 SIGNATURE GUARANTEE. When you want to sell more than $100,000 worth
      of shares or send proceeds to a third party or to a new address,
      you'll usually need to place your order in writing and include a
     signature guarantee. However, if you want money wired to a bank
         account that is already on file with us, you don't need a signature
         guarantee. Also, generally you don't need a signature guarantee for
an exchange, although we may require one in certain other 
circumstances.                                            

         A signature guarantee is simply a certification of your signature -
 a valuable safeguard against fraud. You can get a signature
 guarantee from an eligible guarantor institution, including
          commercial banks, savings and loans, trust companies, credit unions,
member firms of a national stock exchange or any member or
       participant of an approved signature guarantor program. Note that
          you can't get a signature guarantee from a notary public and we must
be provided the original guarantee.                       

   SELLING SHARES OF TRUST ACCOUNTS AND BUSINESS OR ORGANIZATION
      ACCOUNTS may require additional documentation. Please call (800)
      621-1048 or contact your financial advisor for more information.

       WHEN YOU SELL SHARES THAT HAVE A CDSC, we calculate the CDSC as a
        percentage of what you paid for the shares or what you are selling
 them for - whichever results in the lower charge to you. In
       processing orders to sell shares, the shares with the lowest CDSC
       are sold first. Exchanges from one fund into another don't affect
    CDSCs; for each investment you make, the date you first bought
      shares is the date we use to calculate a CDSC on that particular
investment.                                               

     There are certain cases in which you may be exempt from a CDSC.
These include:                                            

       -  the death or disability of an account owner (including a joint
             owner). This waiver applies only under certain conditions. Please
     contact your financial advisor or Shareholder Services to
determine if the conditions exist                   

      -  withdrawals made through an automatic withdrawal plan up to a
         maximum of 12% per year of the net asset value of the account

   -  withdrawals related to certain retirement or benefit plans

      -  redemptions for certain loan advances, hardship provisions or
 returns of excess contributions from retirement plans

36 | Policies You Should Know About                                             

P-->497192nd Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 192nd
 -  for Class A shares purchased through the Large Order NAV
           Purchase Privilege, redemption of shares whose dealer of record
           at the time of the investment notifies the Distributor that the
dealer waives the applicable commission             

     -  for Class C shares, redemption of shares purchased through a
      dealer-sponsored asset allocation program maintained on an
            omnibus record-keeping system, provided the dealer of record has
         waived the advance of the first year distribution and service
         fees applicable to such shares and has agreed to receive such
fees quarterly                                      

         In each of these cases, there are a number of additional provisions
          that apply in order to be eligible for a CDSC waiver. Your financial
        advisor or Shareholder Services can answer your questions and help
you determine if you are eligible.                        

         IF YOU SELL SHARES IN A DWS FUND AND THEN DECIDE TO INVEST WITH DWS
        SCUDDER AGAIN WITHIN SIX MONTHS, you may be able to take advantage
         of the "reinstatement feature." With this feature, you can put your
          money back into the same class of a DWS fund at its current NAV and,
     for purposes of a sales charge, it will be treated as if it had
never left DWS Scudder.                                   

        You'll be reimbursed (in the form of fund shares) for any CDSC you
        paid when you sold. Future CDSC calculations will be based on your
        original investment date, rather than your reinstatement date. You
        can only use the reinstatement feature once for any given group of
    shares. To take advantage of this feature, contact Shareholder
Services or your financial advisor.                       

         MONEY FROM SHARES YOU SELL is normally sent out within one business
    day of when your order is processed (not when it is received),
        although it could be delayed for up to seven days. There are other
        circumstances when it could be longer: When you are selling shares
        you bought recently by check (redemption proceeds from such a sale
 are unavailable until the check has cleared), when you make
        purchases by ACH (the funds will be placed under a 10 calendar day
         hold to ensure good funds) or when unusual circumstances prompt the
         SEC to allow further delays. Certain expedited redemption processes
        may also be delayed when you are selling recently purchased shares
   or in the event of closing of the Federal Reserve Bank's wire
         payment system. In addition, the fund reserves the right to suspend
or postpone redemptions as permitted pursuant to          
     Section 22(e) of the Investment Company Act of 1940. Generally,
those circumstances are when 1) the New York Stock        

                                            Policies You Should Know About  | 37

P-->497193rd Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 193rd
          Exchange is closed other than customary weekend or holiday closings;
    2) trading on the New York Stock Exchange is restricted; 3) an
          emergency exists which makes the disposal of securities owned by the
          fund or the fair determination of the value of the fund's net assets
      not reasonably practicable; or 4) the SEC, by order, permits the
        suspension of the right of redemption. Redemption payments by wire
      may also be delayed in the event of a non-routine closure of the
         Federal Reserve wire payment system. For additional rights reserved
by the fund, please see "Other rights we reserve."        

         You may obtain additional information about other ways to sell your
shares by contacting your financial advisor.              

How the fund calculates share price                       

     To calculate net asset value, or NAV, each share class uses the
following equation:                                       

                                                                [Download Table]

     TOTAL ASSETS - TOTAL LIABILITIES                
-----------------------------------------    =    NAV
    TOTAL NUMBER OF SHARES OUTSTANDING               

        The price at which you buy shares is the NAV, although for Class A
         shares it will be adjusted to allow for any applicable sales charge
        (see "Choosing a Share Class"). The price at which you sell shares
       is also the NAV, although a CDSC may be taken out of the proceeds
(see "Choosing a Share Class").                           

      THE FUND CHARGES A REDEMPTION FEE EQUAL TO 2.00% of the value of
         shares redeemed or exchanged within 15 days of purchase. Please see
 "Policies about transactions - Redemption fees" for further
information.                                              

     WE TYPICALLY VALUE SECURITIES USING INFORMATION FURNISHED BY AN
          INDEPENDENT PRICING SERVICE OR MARKET QUOTATIONS, WHERE APPROPRIATE.
         However, we may use methods approved by the fund's Board, such as a
         fair valuation model, which are intended to reflect fair value when
      pricing service information or market quotations are not readily
         available or when a security's value or a meaningful portion of the
       value of the fund's portfolio is believed to have been materially
     affected by a significant event, such as a natural disaster, an
economic event like a bankruptcy filing, or a substantial 
          fluctuation in domestic or foreign markets that has occurred between
  the close of the exchange or market on which the security is
        principally traded (for example, a foreign exchange or market) and
the close of the New York                                 

38 | Policies You Should Know About                                             

P-->497194th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 194th
        Stock Exchange. In such a case, the fund's value for a security is
         likely to be different from the last quoted market price or pricing
          service information. In addition, due to the subjective and variable
 nature of fair value pricing, it is possible that the value
        determined for a particular asset may be materially different from
        the value realized upon such asset's sale. It is expected that the
      greater the percentage of fund assets that is invested in non-US
         securities, the more extensive will be the fund's use of fair value
      pricing. This is intended to reduce the fund's exposure to "time
       zone arbitrage" and other harmful trading practices. (See "Market
timing policies and procedures.")                         

       TO THE EXTENT THAT THE FUND INVESTS IN SECURITIES THAT ARE TRADED
          PRIMARILY IN FOREIGN MARKETS, the value of its holdings could change
        at a time when you aren't able to buy or sell fund shares. This is
        because some foreign markets are open on days or at times when the
          fund doesn't price its shares. (Note that prices for securities that
          trade on foreign exchanges can change significantly on days when the
       New York Stock Exchange is closed and you cannot buy or sell fund
          shares. Price changes in the securities the fund owns may ultimately
affect the price of fund shares the next time the NAV is  
calculated.)                                              

Other rights we reserve                                   

You should be aware that we may do any of the following:  

-  withdraw or suspend the offering of shares at any time 

         -  withhold a portion of your distributions and redemption proceeds
          as federal income tax if we have been notified by the IRS that
           you are subject to backup withholding or if you fail to provide
           us with a correct taxpayer ID number and certain certifications
        or certification that you are exempt from backup withholding

  -  reject a new account application if you don't provide any
           required or requested identifying information, or for any other
reason                                              

                                            Policies You Should Know About  | 39

P-->497195th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 195th
         -  refuse, cancel, limit or rescind any purchase or exchange order,
             without prior notice; freeze any account (meaning you will not be
          able to purchase fund shares in your account); suspend account
          services; and/or involuntarily redeem your account if we think
    that the account is being used for fraudulent or illegal
             purposes; one or more of these actions will be taken when, at our
     sole discretion, they are deemed to be in the fund's best
            interests or when the fund is requested or compelled to do so by
governmental authority or by applicable law         

         -  close and liquidate your account if we are unable to verify your
      identity, or for other reasons; if we decide to close your
             account, your fund shares will be redeemed at the net asset value
      per share next calculated after we determine to close your
             account (less any applicable sales charge or redemption fee); you
       may recognize a gain or loss on the redemption of your fund
shares and incur a tax liability                    

        -  pay you for shares you sell by "redeeming in kind," that is, by
         giving you securities (which typically will involve brokerage
           costs for you to liquidate) rather than cash, but which will be
         taxable to the same extent as a redemption for cash; the fund
          generally won't make a redemption in kind unless your requests
            over a 90-day period total more than $250,000 or 1% of the value
of the fund's net assets, whichever is less         

   -  change, add or withdraw various services, fees and account
      policies (for example, we may adjust the fund's investment
minimums at any time)                               

40 | Policies You Should Know About                                             

P-->497196th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 196th
UNDERSTANDING DISTRIBUTIONS AND TAXES                                           

         The fund intends to distribute to its shareholders virtually all of
         its net earnings. The fund can earn money in two ways: by receiving
         interest, dividends or other income from securities it holds and by
    selling securities for more than it paid for them. (The fund's
       earnings are separate from any gains or losses stemming from your
     own purchase and sale of shares.) The fund may not always pay a
dividend or distribution for a given period.              

THE FUND INTENDS TO PAY DIVIDENDS AND DISTRIBUTIONS to its
       shareholders annually in December and, if necessary, may do so at
other times as well.                                      

          Dividends or distributions declared to shareholders of record in the
          last quarter of a given calendar year are treated for federal income
        tax purposes as if they were received on December 31 of that year,
         provided such dividends or distributions are paid by the end of the
following January.                                        

For federal income tax purposes, income and capital gains 
 distributions are generally taxable. However, dividends and
   distributions received by retirement plans qualifying for tax
   exemption under federal income tax laws generally will not be
taxable.                                                  

         YOU CAN CHOOSE HOW TO RECEIVE YOUR DIVIDENDS AND DISTRIBUTIONS. You
         can have them all automatically reinvested in fund shares (at NAV),
       all deposited directly to your bank account or all sent to you by
        check, have one type reinvested and the other sent to you by check
        or have them invested in a different fund. Tell us your preference
   on your application. If you don't indicate a preference, your
         dividends and distributions will all be reinvested in shares of the
    fund without a sales charge (if applicable). Distributions are
          treated the same for federal income tax purposes whether you receive
them in cash or reinvest them in additional shares. For   
employer-sponsored qualified plans, and retirement plans, 
reinvestment (at NAV) is the only option.                 

         BUYING, SELLING OR EXCHANGING FUND SHARES WILL USUALLY HAVE FEDERAL
   INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES FOR YOU (except in employer-sponsored
        qualified plans, IRAs or other tax-advantaged accounts). Your sale
of shares may result in a capital                         

THE FOLLOWING SIDEBAR TEXT APPEARS NEXT TO THE PRECEDING PARAGRAPHS             

Because each shareholder's tax situation is unique, ask your tax professional   
about the tax consequences of your investments, including any state and local   
tax consequences.                                                               

                                     Understanding Distributions and Taxes  | 41

P-->497197th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 197th
    gain or loss. The gain or loss will be long-term or short-term
    depending on how long you owned the shares that were sold. For
       federal income tax purposes, an exchange is treated the same as a
sale.                                                     

          THE FEDERAL INCOME TAX STATUS of the fund's earnings you receive and
your own fund transactions generally depend on their type:

                                                                [Download Table]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
GENERALLY TAXED AT LONG-TERM                 GENERALLY TAXED AT ORDINARY        
CAPITAL GAIN RATES:                          INCOME RATES:                      
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

DISTRIBUTIONS FROM THE FUND                                                     

-   gains from the sale of                   -  gains from the sale of          
    securities held (or treated                 securities held by the fund for 
    as held) by the fund for                    one year or less                
    more than one year                                                          

-   qualified dividend income                -  all other taxable income        
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

TRANSACTIONS INVOLVING FUND                                                     
SHARES                                                                          

-   gains from selling fund                  -  gains from selling fund         
    shares held for more than                   shares held for one year or     
    one year                                    less                            
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

     ANY DIRECT INVESTMENTS IN FOREIGN SECURITIES BY THE FUND MAY BE
          SUBJECT TO FOREIGN WITHHOLDING TAXES. In that case, the fund's yield
          on those securities would generally be decreased. The fund may elect
   to pass through to its shareholders a credit or deduction for
          foreign taxes it has paid if at the end of its year more than 50% of
 the fund's total assets are stocks or securities of foreign
         corporations. In addition, any investments in foreign securities or
          foreign currencies may increase or accelerate the fund's recognition
          of ordinary income and may affect the timing or amount of the fund's
         distributions. If you invest in the fund through a taxable account,
your after-tax return could be negatively impacted.       

        To the extent that the fund invests in certain debt obligations or
   certain other securities, investments in these obligations or
         securities may cause the fund to recognize taxable income in excess
        of the cash generated by such obligations. Thus, the fund could be
          required at times to liquidate other investments in order to satisfy
its distribution requirements.                            

          For taxable years beginning before January 1, 2011, distributions to
          individuals and other noncorporate shareholders of investment income
          designated by the fund as derived from qualified dividend income are
eligible for taxation for federal                         

42 | Understanding Distributions and Taxes                                      

P-->497198th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 198th
      income tax purposes at the more favorable long-term capital gain
        rates. Qualified dividend income generally includes dividends from
        domestic and some foreign corporations. It does not include income
       from investments in debt securities or, generally, from REITs. In
   addition, the fund must meet certain holding period and other
    requirements with respect to the dividend-paying stocks in its
        portfolio and the shareholder must meet certain holding period and
        other requirements with respect to the fund's shares for the lower
       tax rates to apply. Because the fund will invest in both long and
    short positions in equity securities, it is anticipated that a
          smaller portion of the income dividends paid to you by the fund will
     be qualified dividend income eligible for taxation at long-term
         capital gain rates than if the fund invested in only long positions
in equity securities.                                     

     For taxable years beginning before January 1, 2011, the maximum
federal income tax rate imposed on long-term capital gains
       recognized by individuals and other noncorporate shareholders has
          been reduced to 15%. For taxable years beginning on or after January
1, 2011, the long-term capital gain rate is scheduled to return to
20%. For more information, see the Statement of Additional
Information, under "Taxes."
     YOUR FUND WILL SEND YOU DETAILED FEDERAL INCOME TAX INFORMATION
         EVERY JANUARY. These statements tell you the amount and the federal
     income tax classification of any dividends or distributions you
          received. They also have certain details on your purchases and sales
of shares.                                                

    IF YOU INVEST RIGHT BEFORE THE FUND PAYS A DIVIDEND, you'll be
         getting some of your investment back as a taxable dividend. You can
    avoid this by investing after the fund declares a dividend. In
       tax-advantaged retirement accounts you do not need to worry about
this.                                                     

     CORPORATIONS are taxed at the same rates on ordinary income and
 capital gains, but may be eligible for a dividends-received
       deduction for a portion of the income dividends they receive from
          the fund, provided certain holding period and other requirements are
met.                                                      

   The above discussion is applicable to shareholders who are US
      persons. If you are a non-US person, please consult your own tax
  advisor with respect to the US tax consequences to you of an
investment in the fund.                                   

                                     Understanding Distributions and Taxes  | 43

P-->497199th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 199th
APPENDIX                                                                        
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Hypothetical Expense Summary                              

         Using the annual fund operating expense ratios presented in the fee
     tables in the fund prospectus, the Hypothetical Expense Summary
          shows the estimated fees and expenses, in actual dollars, that would
         be charged on a hypothetical investment of $10,000 in the fund held
       for the next 10 years and the impact of such fees and expenses on
       fund returns for each year and cumulatively, assuming a 5% return
  for each year. The tables also assume that all dividends and
        distributions are reinvested. The annual fund expense ratios shown
          are net of any contractual fee waivers or expense reimbursements, if
   any, for the period of the contractual commitment. The tables
          reflect the maximum initial sales charge, if any, but do not reflect
      any contingent deferred sales charge or redemption fees, if any,
        which may be payable upon redemption. If contingent deferred sales
       charges or redemption fees were shown, the "Hypothetical Year-End
       Balance After Fees and Expenses" amounts shown would be lower and
         the "Annual Fees and Expenses" amounts shown would be higher. Also,
 please note that if you are investing through a third party
      provider, that provider may have fees and expenses separate from
         those of the fund that are not reflected here. Mutual fund fees and
       expenses fluctuate over time and actual expenses may be higher or
lower than those shown.                                   

         The Hypothetical Expense Summary should not be used or construed as
an offer to sell, a solicitation of an offer to buy or a  
    recommendation or endorsement of any specific mutual fund. You
   should carefully review the fund's prospectus to consider the
          investment objectives, risks, expenses and charges of the fund prior
to investing.                                             

44 | Appendix                                                                   

P-->497200th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 200th
DWS International Value Opportunities Fund - Class A                            

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

              MAXIMUM           INITIAL HYPOTHETICAL                 ASSUMED RATE             
           SALES CHARGE:             INVESTMENT:                      OF RETURN:              
               5.75%                   $10,000                            5%                  
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                              HYPOTHETICAL                    
             CUMULATIVE        ANNUAL       CUMULATIVE          YEAR-END                      
           RETURN BEFORE        FUND       RETURN AFTER      BALANCE AFTER      ANNUAL FEES   
              FEES AND        EXPENSE        FEES AND           FEES AND            AND       
YEAR          EXPENSES         RATIOS        EXPENSES           EXPENSES         EXPENSES     
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                              
   1            5.00%        1.61%             -2.55%       $  9,744.51        $   729.31     
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   2           10.25%        3.51%             -1.10%       $  9,889.70        $   344.58     
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   3           15.76%        3.51%              0.37%       $ 10,037.06        $   349.71     
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   4           21.55%        3.51%              1.87%       $ 10,186.61        $   354.93     
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   5           27.63%        3.51%              3.38%       $ 10,338.39        $   360.21     
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   6           34.01%        3.51%              4.92%       $ 10,492.43        $   365.58     
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   7           40.71%        3.51%              6.49%       $ 10,648.77        $   371.03     
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   8           47.75%        3.51%              8.07%       $ 10,807.44        $   376.56     
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   9           55.13%        3.51%              9.68%       $ 10,968.47        $   382.17     
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  10           62.89%        3.51%             11.32%       $ 11,131.90        $   387.86     
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  TOTAL                                                                        $ 4,021.94     
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

DWS International Value Opportunities Fund - Class C                            

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

              MAXIMUM           INITIAL HYPOTHETICAL                 ASSUMED RATE             
           SALES CHARGE:             INVESTMENT:                      OF RETURN:              
               0.00%                   $10,000                            5%                  
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                              HYPOTHETICAL                    
             CUMULATIVE        ANNUAL       CUMULATIVE          YEAR-END                      
           RETURN BEFORE        FUND       RETURN AFTER      BALANCE AFTER        ANNUAL      
              FEES AND        EXPENSE        FEES AND           FEES AND         FEES AND     
YEAR          EXPENSES         RATIOS        EXPENSES           EXPENSES         EXPENSES     
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                              
   1            5.00%        2.36%              2.64%       $ 10,264.00        $   239.12     
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   2           10.25%        4.31%              3.35%       $ 10,334.82        $   443.90     
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   3           15.76%        4.31%              4.06%       $ 10,406.13        $   446.97     
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   4           21.55%        4.31%              4.78%       $ 10,477.93        $   450.05     
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   5           27.63%        4.31%              5.50%       $ 10,550.23        $   453.16     
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   6           34.01%        4.31%              6.23%       $ 10,623.03        $   456.28     
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   7           40.71%        4.31%              6.96%       $ 10,696.33        $   459.43     
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   8           47.75%        4.31%              7.70%       $ 10,770.13        $   462.60     
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   9           55.13%        4.31%              8.44%       $ 10,844.45        $   465.79     
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  10           62.89%        4.31%              9.19%       $ 10,919.27        $   469.01     
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  TOTAL                                                                        $ 4,346.31     
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                                                  Appendix  | 45

P-->497201st Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 201st
TO GET MORE INFORMATION                                                         

SHAREHOLDER REPORTS - These include commentary from the fund's management team  
about recent market conditions and the effects of the fund's strategies on its  
performance. They also have detailed performance figures, a list of everything  
the fund owns, and its financial statements. Shareholders get these reports     
automatically.                                                                  

STATEMENT OF ADDITIONAL INFORMATION (SAI) - This tells you more about the       
fund's features and policies, including additional risk information. The SAI is 
incorporated by reference into this document (meaning that it's legally part of 
this prospectus).                                                               

For a free copy of any of these documents or to request other information about 
the fund, call (800) 621-1048, or contact DWS Scudder at the address listed     
below. The fund's SAI and shareholder reports are also available through the    
DWS Scudder Web site at www.dws-scudder.com. These documents and other          
information about the fund are available from the EDGAR Database on the SEC's   
Internet site at www.sec.gov. If you like, you may obtain copies of this        
information, after paying a copying fee, by e-mailing a request to              
publicinfo@sec.gov or by writing the SEC at the address listed below. You can   
also review and copy these documents and other information about the fund,      
including the fund's SAI, at the SEC's Public Reference Room in Washington,     
D.C. Information on the operation of the SEC's Public Reference Room may be     
obtained by calling (800) SEC-0330.                                             

                                                                [Download Table]

DWS SCUDDER              SEC                     DISTRIBUTOR                    
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                
PO Box 219151            100 F Street, N.E.      DWS Scudder Distributors, Inc. 
Kansas City, MO          Washington, D.C.        222 South Riverside Plaza      
64121-9151               20549-0102              Chicago, IL 60606-5808
WWW.DWS-SCUDDER.COM WWW.SEC.GOV             (800) 621-1148                 
(800) 621-1048           (800) SEC-0330                                         

                                                                [Download Table]

SEC FILE NUMBER:                                                                
DWS International Fund, Inc. DWS International Value Opportunities Fund  811-642

(12/1/07) DIVOF-1                                                               
[RECYCLED PAPER GRAPHIC APPEARS HERE]    [DWS SCUDDER LOGO GRAPHIC APPEARS HERE]

P-->497202nd Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 202nd
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

DECEMBER 1, 2007

PROSPECTUS

------------------  

INSTITUTIONAL CLASS 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

DWS INTERNATIONAL VALUE OPPORTUNITIES FUND

As with all mutual funds, the Securities and Exchange  Commission (SEC) does not
approve or disapprove these shares or determine  whether the information in this
prospectus  is  truthful  or  complete.  It is a criminal  offense for anyone to
inform you otherwise.                                                           

                                         [DWS SCUDDER LOGO GRAPHIC APPEARS HERE]

P-->497203rd Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 203rd
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

CONTENTS                                                                        
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                                                [Download Table]

HOW THE FUND WORKS                     

  4      The Fund's Main Investment    
         Strategy                      

  5      The Main Risks of Investing in
         the Fund                      

  8      The Fund's Performance        
         History                       

  9      How Much Investors Pay        

 10      Other Policies and Secondary  
         Risks                         

 11      Who Manages and Oversees      
         the Fund                      

 15      Financial Highlights          

                                                                [Download Table]

HOW TO INVEST IN THE FUND           

 17      Buying and Selling         
         Institutional Class Shares 

 23      Policies You Should Know   
         About                      

 34      Understanding Distributions
         and Taxes                  

 38      Appendix                   

P-->497204th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 204th
HOW THE FUND WORKS                                                              

On the next few pages, you'll find information about the fund's investment      
goal, the main strategies it uses to pursue that goal and the main risks that   
could affect performance.                                                       

Whether you are considering investing in the fund or are already a shareholder, 
you'll want to LOOK THIS INFORMATION OVER CAREFULLY. You may want to keep it on 
hand for reference as well.                                                     

Remember that mutual funds are investments, not bank deposits. They're not      
insured or guaranteed by the FDIC or any other government agency. Their share   
prices will go up and down, and you could lose money by investing in them.      

You can find DWS prospectuses on the Internet at WWW.DWS-SCUDDER.COM (the Web   
site does not form a part of this prospectus).                                  

P-->497205th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 205th
                                                                [Download Table]
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                
                                                        Institutional Class     
                                   ticker symbol        DNVIX                   
                                     fund number        591                     

DWS INTERNATIONAL VALUE OPPORTUNITIES FUND                                      
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


THE FUND'S MAIN INVESTMENT STRATEGY 

   The fund seeks long-term capital appreciation, with current
income as a secondary objective.                        

        Under normal circumstances, the fund invests at least 80% of its
           assets, determined at the time of purchase, in the stocks and other
        securities with equity characteristics of companies in developed
        countries outside the United States. Almost all the companies in
           which the fund invests are based in the developed foreign countries
     that make up the Morgan Stanley Capital International Europe,
         Australasia and Far East Index ("MSCI EAFE (Reg. TM) Index"). The
          fund may also invest a portion of its assets in companies based in
       the emerging markets of Latin America, the Middle East, Europe,
           Asia and Africa if the portfolio managers believe that their return
           potential more than compensates for the extra risks associated with
    these markets. While the portfolio managers have invested in
         emerging markets in the past, under normal market conditions they
      do not consider this a central element of the fund's strategy.
          Typically, the fund would not hold more than 20% of its net assets
       in emerging markets. In implementing this overall strategy, the
      fund may experience a high portfolio turnover rate. The fund's
         equity investments are mainly common stocks, but may also include
       other types of equities such as preferred stocks or convertible
       securities. The fund may also invest up to 20% of its assets in
          cash equivalents, US investment-grade fixed-income securities, and
US stocks and other equities.                           

           The fund invests for the long term. The portfolio managers employ a
    value strategy and invest in companies that they believe are
 undervalued. These are typically companies that have been
     historically sound but are temporarily out of favor. The fund
intends to invest primarily in companies whose market   
           capitalizations fall within the normal range of the MSCI EAFE (Reg.
TM) Index.                                              

4 | DWS International Value Opportunities Fund                                  

P-->497206th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 206th
         The portfolio managers track several thousand companies to arrive
        at between 50 to 70 stocks the fund normally holds. The managers
          use a variety of quantitative screens to compare a company's stock
          price to its book value, cash flow and dividend yield, and analyze
         individual companies to identify those that are financially sound
 and appear to have strong potential for long-term growth.

  After narrowing the investment universe through the use of
     valuation screens, the portfolio managers' use of fundamental
       research tools lies at the heart of the investment process. The
     portfolio managers' process brings an added dimension to this
        fundamental research by drawing on the insight of experts from a
           range of financial disciplines - regional stock market specialists,
          global industry specialists, economists and quantitative analysts.
          They challenge, refine and amplify each other's ideas. Their close
      collaboration is a critical element of the portfolio managers'
investment process.                                     

          OTHER INVESTMENTS. The fund is permitted, but not required, to use
        various types of derivatives (contracts whose value is based on,
           for example, indices, currencies or securities). Derivatives may be
   used for hedging and for risk management or for non-hedging
     purposes to seek to enhance potential gains. The fund may use
        derivatives in circumstances where portfolio management believes
          they offer an economical means of gaining exposure to a particular
           asset class or to keep cash on hand to meet shareholder redemptions
or other needs while maintaining exposure to the market.

          SECURITIES LENDING. The fund may lend its investment securities in
an amount up to 33 1/3% of its total assets to approved 
         institutional borrowers who need to borrow securities in order to
complete certain transactions.                          

THE MAIN RISKS OF INVESTING IN THE FUND                 

 There are several risk factors that could hurt the fund's
performance, cause you to lose money or cause the fund's
performance to trail that of other investments.         

        STOCK MARKET RISK. As with most stock funds, an important factor
        with this fund is how stock markets perform - (to the extent the
  fund invests in a particular geographic region, the fund's
    performance may be proportionately affected by that region's
           general performance). When stock prices fall, you should expect the
value of your investment to fall as well.               

                                 DWS International Value Opportunities Fund  | 5

P-->497207th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 207th
        Because a stock represents ownership in its issuer, stock prices
          can be hurt by poor management, shrinking product demand and other
           business risks. These may affect single companies as well as groups
     of companies. In addition, movements in financial markets may
    adversely affect a stock's price, regardless of how well the
          company performs. The market as a whole may not favor the types of
      investments the fund makes and the fund may not be able to get
attractive prices for them.                             

          SECURITY SELECTION RISK. A risk that pervades all investing is the
       risk that the securities in the fund's portfolio may decline in
value.                                                  

    FOREIGN INVESTMENT RISK. Foreign investments involve certain
special risks, including:                               

    -  POLITICAL RISK. Some foreign governments have limited the
             outflow of profits to investors abroad, imposed restrictions on
             the exchange or export of foreign currency, extended diplomatic
       disputes to include trade and financial relations, seized
foreign investment and imposed high taxes.        

           -  INFORMATION RISK. Companies based in foreign markets are usually
         not subject to accounting, auditing and financial reporting
      standards and practices as stringent as those in the US.
           Therefore, their financial reports may present an incomplete,
              untimely or misleading picture of a foreign company, as compared
to the financial reports of US companies.         

  -  LIQUIDITY RISK. Investments that trade less can be more
              difficult or more costly to buy, or to sell, than more liquid or
        active investments. This liquidity risk is a factor of the
            trading volume of a particular investment, as well as the size
             and liquidity of the entire local market. On the whole, foreign
            exchanges are smaller and less liquid than the US market. This
            can make buying and selling certain investments more difficult
             and costly. Relatively small transactions in some instances can
            have a disproportionately large effect on the price and supply
           of securities. In certain situations, it may become virtually
         impossible to sell an investment in an orderly fashion at a
          price that approaches portfolio management's estimate of its
         value. For the same reason, it may at times be difficult to
value the fund's foreign investments.             

THE FOLLOWING SIDEBAR TEXT APPEARS NEXT TO THE PRECEDING PARAGRAPHS             

The fund is designed for investors who are seeking capital  appreciation and are
willing to accept the risks of investing in the stocks of foreign companies.    

6 | DWS International Value Opportunities Fund                                  

P-->497208th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 208th
           -  REGULATORY RISK.  There is generally less government  regulation
              of foreign markets, companies and securities dealers than in the
US.                                               

       -  CURRENCY RISK. The fund invests in securities denominated in
              foreign currencies. This creates the possibility that changes in
              exchange rates between foreign currencies and the US dollar will
            affect the US dollar value of foreign securities or the income
or gain received on these securities.             

           -  LIMITED LEGAL RECOURSE RISK. Legal remedies for investors may be
 more limited than the remedies available in the US.

          -  TRADING PRACTICE RISK. Brokerage commissions and other fees are
  generally higher for foreign investments than for US
     investments. The procedures and rules governing foreign
          transactions and custody may also involve delays in payment,
delivery or recovery of money or investments.     

        -  TAXES. Foreign withholding and certain other taxes may reduce
             the amount of income available to distribute to shareholders of
            the fund. In addition, special US tax considerations may apply
to the fund's foreign investments.                

      EMERGING MARKET RISK. All of the risks of investing in foreign
           securities are increased in connection with investments in emerging
    markets securities. In addition, profound social changes and
         business practices that depart from norms in developed countries'
        economies have hindered the orderly growth of emerging economies
       and their markets in the past and have caused instability. High
         levels of debt tend to make emerging economies heavily reliant on
         foreign capital and vulnerable to capital flight. These countries
    are also more likely to experience high levels of inflation,
      deflation or currency devaluation, which could also hurt their
      economies and securities markets. For these and other reasons,
         investments in emerging markets are often considered speculative.

       DERIVATIVES RISK. Risks associated with derivatives include the
          risk that the derivative is not well correlated with the security,
        index or currency to which it relates; the risk that derivatives
     may not have the intended effects and may result in losses or
           missed opportunities; the risk that the fund will be unable to sell
        the derivative because of an illiquid secondary market; the risk
          that a counterparty is unwilling or unable to meet its obligation;
and the risk that the derivative transaction could      

                                 DWS International Value Opportunities Fund  | 7

P-->497209th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 209th
        expose the fund to the effects of leverage, which could increase
       the fund's exposure to the market and magnify potential losses.
       There is no guarantee that derivatives, to the extent employed,
      will have the intended effect, and their use could cause lower
         returns or even losses to the fund. The use of derivatives by the
 fund to hedge risk may reduce the opportunity for gain by
    offsetting the positive effect of favorable price movements.

       PRICING RISK. At times, market conditions might make it hard to
      value some investments, and the fund may use certain valuation
     methodologies for some of its investments, such as fair value
         pricing. Given the subjective nature of such methodologies, it is
   possible that the value determined for an investment may be
         different than the value realized upon such investment's sale. If
     the fund has valued its securities too highly, you may end up
          paying too much for fund shares when you buy into the fund. If the
    fund underestimates the price of its securities, you may not
         receive the full market value for your fund shares when you sell.

           SECURITIES LENDING RISK. Any loss in the market price of securities
           loaned by the fund that occurs during the term of the loan would be
borne by the fund and would adversely affect the fund's 
        performance. Also, there may be delays in recovery of securities
    loaned or even a loss of rights in the collateral should the
     borrower of the securities fail financially while the loan is
           outstanding. However, loans will be made only to borrowers selected
   by the fund's delegate after a review of relevant facts and
      circumstances, including the creditworthiness of the borrower.

THE FUND'S PERFORMANCE HISTORY                          

        Since the fund commenced operations on July 5, 2006, performance
information is not available for a full calendar year.  

8 | DWS International Value Opportunities Fund                                  

P-->497210th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 210th
HOW MUCH INVESTORS PAY                                                          

This table describes the fees and expenses that you may pay if you buy and hold 
Institutional Class shares of the fund. This information doesn't include any    
fees that may be charged by your financial advisor.                             

                                                                [Download Table]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
FEE TABLE                                                                       
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                
 SHAREHOLDER FEES, paid directly from your investment                           
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Redemption/Exchange Fee on shares                                              
 owned less than 15 days (as % of                                               
 redemption proceeds) 1                                         2.00%           
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 ANNUAL OPERATING EXPENSES, deducted from fund assets                           
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Management Fee 2                                               0.90%           
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Distribution/Service (12b-1) Fee                               None            
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Other Expenses                                                 2.36            
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 TOTAL ANNUAL OPERATING EXPENSES                                3.26            
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Less Fee Waiver/Expense                                                        
 Reimbursement 3                                                1.90            
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 NET ANNUAL OPERATING EXPENSES 3                                1.36            
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

1   This fee is charged on all applicable  redemptions or exchanges.  Please see
    "Policies You Should Know About - Policies about  transactions"  for further
information.                                                            

2   Includes 0.10% administration fee.                                          

3   Through November 30, 2008, the advisor has contractually agreed to waive all
    or a portion of its management  fee and reimburse or pay operating  expenses
    of the fund to the extent  necessary  to maintain  the fund's  total  annual
    operating  expenses  at 1.32%  for  Institutional  Class  shares,  excluding
    certain  expenses  such as  extraordinary  expenses,  taxes,  brokerage  and
interest.                                                               

Based on the costs above (including one year of capped expenses in each         
period), this example helps you compare the fund's Institutional Class shares   
expenses to those of other mutual funds. This example assumes the expenses      
above remain the same. It also assumes that you invested $10,000, earned 5%     
annual returns, reinvested all dividends and distributions and sold your shares 
at the end of each period. This is only an example; actual expenses will be     
different.                                                                      

                                                                [Download Table]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXAMPLE                    1 YEAR      3 YEARS      5 YEARS      10 YEARS       
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                
 Institutional Class        $138         $826       $1,538       $3,428         
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                 DWS International Value Opportunities Fund  | 9

P-->497211th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 211th
OTHER POLICIES AND SECONDARY RISKS                                              

     While the previous pages describe the main points of the fund's
     strategy and risks, there are a few other issues to know about:

       -  Although major changes tend to be infrequent, the fund's Board
        could change the fund's investment objective without seeking
 shareholder approval. However, the Board will provide
          shareholders with at least 60 days' notice prior to making any
            changes to the fund's 80% investment policy as described herein.

          -  As a temporary defensive measure, the fund could shift up to 100%
         of assets into investments such as money market securities or
            other short-term securities that offer comparable levels of risk
        This could prevent losses, but, while engaged in a temporary
            defensive position, the fund will not be pursuing its investment
           goal. However, portfolio management may choose not to use these
   strategies for various reasons, even in volatile market
conditions.                                         

        -  The fund may trade actively. This could raise transaction costs
(thus lowering return) and could mean higher taxable
distributions.                                      

Secondary risks                                           

  CREDIT RISK. A fund purchasing bonds faces the risk that the
          creditworthiness of the issuer may decline, causing the value of its
      bonds to decline. In addition, an issuer may not be able to make
       timely payments on the interest and principal on the bonds it has
      issued. In some cases, bonds may decline in credit quality or go
into default.                                             

For more information                                      

    This prospectus doesn't tell you about every policy or risk of
investing in the fund.                                    

         If you want more information on the fund's allowable securities and
         investment practices and the characteristics and risks of each one,
   you may want to request a copy of the Statement of Additional
Information (the back cover tells you how to do this).    

        Keep in mind that there is no assurance that the fund will achieve
its goal.                                                 

10 | Other Policies and Secondary Risks                                         

P-->497212th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 212th
          A complete list of the fund's portfolio holdings is posted as of the
         month-end on www.dws-scudder.com (the Web site does not form a part
          of this prospectus) on or after the last day of the following month.
         This posted information generally remains accessible at least until
     the date on which the fund files its Form N-CSR or N-Q with the
Securities and Exchange                                   
      Commission for the period that includes the date as of which the
    posted information is current. In addition, the fund's top ten
equity holdings and other fund information is posted on   
        www.dws-scudder.com as of the calendar quarter-end on or after the
        15th day following quarter-end. The fund's Statement of Additional
   Information includes a description of the fund's policies and
       procedures with respect to the disclosure of the fund's portfolio
holdings.                                                 

WHO MANAGES AND OVERSEES THE FUND                                               

The investment advisor                                    

 Deutsche Investment Management Americas Inc. ("DIMA" or the
    "Advisor"), with headquarters at 345 Park Avenue, New York, NY
10154, is the investment advisor for the fund. Under the oversight
    of the Board, the Advisor, or the subadvisor, makes investment
    decisions, buys and sells securities for the fund and conducts
   research that leads to these purchase and sale decisions. The
          Advisor provides a full range of global investment advisory services
to institutional and retail clients.                      

    DWS Scudder is part of Deutsche Asset Management, which is the
     marketing name in the US for the asset management activities of
          Deutsche Bank AG, DIMA, Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas and DWS
Trust Company.                                            

         Deutsche Asset Management is a global asset management organization
    that offers a wide range of investing expertise and resources,
         including hundreds of portfolio managers and analysts and an office
     network that reaches the world's major investment centers. This
      well-resourced global investment platform brings together a wide
     variety of experience and investment insight across industries,
regions, asset classes and investing styles.              

                                         Who Manages and Oversees the Fund  | 11

P-->497213th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 213th
          The Advisor is an indirect, wholly owned subsidiary of Deutsche Bank
        AG. Deutsche Bank AG is a major global banking institution that is
         engaged in a wide range of financial services, including investment
       management, mutual funds, retail, private and commercial banking,
investment banking and insurance.                         

          MANAGEMENT FEE. The Advisor receives a management fee from the fund.
          Below is the actual rate paid by the fund for the most recent fiscal
   year, as a percentage of the fund's average daily net assets.

                                                                [Download Table]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
FUND NAME                                                      FEE PAID         
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                
DWS International Value Opportunities Fund                      0.00%*          
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

         *  Reflects the effects of expense  limitations  and/or fee waivers
then in effect.                                   

        As compensation for its services, DIMA is entitled to receive from
        the fund a fee (based upon the fund's average daily net assets) in
      accordance with the following schedule: 0.800% on the first $500
     million; 0.780% on the next $500 million; 0.760% on the next $1
billion and 0.740% thereafter.                            

      A discussion regarding the basis for the Board's approval of the
          fund's investment management agreement and subadvisory agreement, is
     contained in the shareholder report for the annual period ended
    August 31, 2006 (see "Shareholder reports" on the back cover).

         Under a separate administrative services agreement between the fund
          and the Advisor, the fund pays the Advisor for providing most of the
fund's administrative services.                           

12 | Who Manages and Oversees the Fund                                          

P-->497214th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 214th
Subadvisor for DWS International Value Opportunities Fund 

      The subadvisor for DWS International Value Opportunities Fund is
     Deutsche Asset Management International GmbH ("DeAMi"), Mainzer
    Landstrasse 178-190, Frankfurt am Main, Germany. DeAMi renders
          investment advisory and management services to the fund. DeAMi is an
    investment advisor registered with the Securities and Exchange
        Commission and currently manages over $40 billion in assets, which
     is primarily comprised of institutional accounts and investment
companies. DeAMi is a subsidiary of Deutsche Bank AG. DIMA
      compensates DeAMi out of the management fee it receives from the
fund.                                                     

                                         Who Manages and Oversees the Fund  | 13

P-->497215th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 215th
Portfolio management                                                            

The fund is managed by a team of investment professionals who collaborate to    
develop and implement the fund's investment strategy. Each portfolio manager on 
the team has authority over all aspects of the fund's investment portfolio,     
including but not limited to, purchases and sales of individual securities,     
portfolio construction techniques, portfolio risk assessment, and the           
management of daily cash flows in accordance with portfolio holdings.           

The following people handle the day-to-day management of the fund.              

Klaus Kaldemorgen                                                               
Managing Director of Deutsche Asset Management and Lead Portfolio Manager of    
the fund.                                                                       

- Joined Deutsche Asset Management in 1982 and the fund in 2006.                
- Head of Equities: Germany; senior portfolio manager of international          
equities; Managing Director of DWS Investment GmbH: Frankfurt.            
- Master's degree in economics, Johannes-Gutenberg University, Mainz.           

Carmen Weber, CFA                                                               
Director of Deutsche Asset Management and Portfolio Manager of the fund.        

- Joined Deutsche Asset Management and the fund in 2006.                        
- Senior portfolio manager for Global Equities: Frankfurt.                      
- Prior to that, Head of Growth and Equity Funds at Metzler.                    
- Over 13 years of investment industry experience.                              
- BA, University of Siegen, Germany.                                            

The fund's Statement of Additional Information provides additional information  
about a portfolio manager's investments in the fund, a description of the       
portfolio management compensation structure and information regarding other     
accounts managed.                                                               

14 | Who Manages and Oversees the Fund                                          

P-->497216th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 216th
FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS                                                            

The financial highlights are designed to help you understand recent financial   
performance. The figures in the first part of the table are for a single share. 
The total return figures represent the percentage that an investor in the fund  
would have earned (or lost), assuming all dividends and distributions were      
reinvested. This information has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP,    
independent registered public accounting firm, whose report, along with the     
fund's financial statements, is included in the fund's annual report (see       
"Shareholder reports" on the back cover).                                       

DWS International Value Opportunities Fund - Institutional Class                

                                                                [Download Table]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
YEARS ENDED AUGUST 31,                                   2007            2006 a 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

SELECTED PER SHARE DATA                                                         
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
NET ASSET VALUE, BEGINNING OF PERIOD                  $ 10.25         $ 10.00   
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Income (loss) from investment operations:                                       
  Net investment income (loss) b                          .22             .03   
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Net realized and unrealized gain (loss)                1.93             .22   
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  TOTAL FROM INVESTMENT OPERATIONS                       2.15             .25   
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Less distributions from:                                                        
  Net investment income                                 ( .13)              -   
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Redemption fees                                           .00***            -   
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
NET ASSET VALUE, END OF PERIOD                        $ 12.27         $ 10.25   
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total Return (%) c                                      21.23            2.50** 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
RATIOS TO AVERAGE NET ASSETS AND SUPPLEMENTAL DATA                              
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net assets, end of period ($ millions)                     10               1   
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Ratio of expenses before expense reductions (%)          4.26            9.12*  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Ratio of expenses after expense reductions (%)           1.80 d          1.26*  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Ratio of net investment income (loss) (%)                1.87            2.04*  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Portfolio turnover rate (%)                               127               7** 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

a   For the period from July 5, 2006  (commencement of operations) to August 31,
2006.                                                                   

b   Based on average shares outstanding during the period.                      

c   Total returns would have been lower had certain expenses not been reduced.  

d   Ratio  includes  interest  expense  incurred  on  foreign  cash  overdrafts.
    Interest  income  incurred on domestic  cash  balances is included in income
    from investment  operations.  The ratio of expenses after expense reductions
excluding interest expense was 1.26% for the year ended August 31, 2007.

*   Annualized                                                                  

**  Not annualized                                                              

*** Amount is less than $.005.                                                  

                                                      Financial Highlights  | 15

P-->497217th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 217th
HOW TO INVEST IN THE FUND                                                       

The following pages tell you how to invest in the fund and what to expect as a  
shareholder. If you're investing directly with DWS Scudder, all of this         
information applies to you.                                                     

The following pages also tell you about many of the services, choices and       
benefits of being a shareholder. You'll also find information on how to check   
the status of your account using the method that's most convenient for you.     

If you're investing through a "third party provider" - for example, a workplace 
retirement plan, financial supermarket or financial advisor - your provider may 
have its own policies or instructions and you should follow those.              

You can find out more about the topics covered here by speaking with your       
FINANCIAL ADVISOR OR A REPRESENTATIVE OF YOUR WORKPLACE RETIREMENT PLAN OR      
OTHER INVESTMENT PROVIDER.                                                      

P-->497218th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 218th
Buying and Selling INSTITUTIONAL CLASS Shares                                   

    You may buy Institutional Class shares through your securities
       dealer or through any financial institution that is authorized to
         act as a shareholder servicing agent ("financial advisor"). Contact
   them for details on how to enter and pay for your order. Your
      financial advisor may also receive compensation from the Advisor
       and/or its affiliates, please see "Financial intermediary support
payments."                                                

       You may also buy Institutional Class shares by sending your check
       (along with a completed Application Form) directly to DWS Scudder
       Investments Service Company (the "transfer agent"). Your purchase
          order may not be accepted if the fund withdraws the offering of fund
    shares, the sale of fund shares has been suspended or if it is
         determined that your purchase would be detrimental to the interests
of the fund's shareholders.                               

Eligibility requirements                                  

  You may buy Institutional Class shares if you are any of the
following:                                                

-  An eligible institution (e.g., a financial institution,
   corporation, trust, estate or educational, religious or
charitable institution).                            

      -  An employee benefit plan with assets of at least $50 million.

        -  A registered investment advisor or financial planner purchasing
on behalf of clients and charging an asset-based or 
hourly fee.                                         

      -  A client of the private banking division of Deutsche Bank AG.

       -  A current or former director or trustee of the Deutsche or DWS
mutual funds.                                       

        -  An employee, the employee's spouse or life partner and children
     or stepchildren age 21 or younger of Deutsche Bank or its
             affiliates or a subadvisor to any fund in the DWS family of funds
      or a broker-dealer authorized to sell shares in the funds.

Investment minimum                                        

        Your initial investment must be for at least $1,000,000. There are
no minimum subsequent investment requirements.            

                             Buying and Selling Institutional Class Shares  | 17

P-->497219th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 219th
The minimum initial investment is waived for:             

          -  Investment advisory affiliates of Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.,
             DWS funds or Deutsche funds purchasing shares for the accounts of
their investment advisory clients.                  

    -  Employee benefit plans with assets of at least $50 million.

     -  Clients of the private banking division of Deutsche Bank AG.

        -  Institutional clients and qualified purchasers that are clients
of a division of Deutsche Bank AG.                  

       -  A current or former director or trustee of the Deutsche or DWS
mutual funds.                                       

        -  An employee, the employee's spouse or life partner and children
     or stepchildren age 21 or younger of Deutsche Bank or its
             affiliates or a subadvisor to any fund in the DWS family of funds
      or a broker-dealer authorized to sell shares of the funds.

   -  Registered investment advisors who trade through platforms
            approved by the Advisor and whose client assets in the aggregate
meet the $1,000,000 minimum investment.             

 The fund reserves the right to modify the above eligibility
requirements and investment minimum at any time.          

How to contact the transfer agent                         

                                                                [Download Table]
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

  BY PHONE:               (800) 730-1313                                        
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  FIRST INVESTMENTS       DWS Scudder Investments Service Company               
  BY MAIL:                P.O. Box 219210                                       
                          Kansas City, MO 64121-9151                            
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  ADDITIONAL              DWS Scudder Investments Service Company               
  INVESTMENTS BY          P.O. Box 219210                                       
  MAIL:                   Kansas City, MO 64121-9154                            
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  BY OVERNIGHT MAIL:      DWS Scudder Investments Service Company               
                          210 West 10th Street                                  
                          Kansas City, MO 64105-1614                            
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

   You can reach the automated information line, 24 hours a day,
7 days a week by calling (800) 621-1048.                  

18 | Buying and Selling Institutional Class Shares                              

P-->497220th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 220th
How to open your fund account                             

                                                                [Download Table]
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                
  MAIL:              Complete and sign the account application that             
                     accompanies this prospectus. (You may obtain               
                     additional applications by calling the transfer agent.)    
                     Mail the completed application along with a check          
                     payable to the fund you have selected to the transfer      
                     agent. Be sure to include the fund number. (For fund       
                     number, refer to "The Fund's Main Investment
Strategy"). The applicable addresses are shown under       
                     "How to contact the transfer agent."                       
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  WIRE:              Call the transfer agent to set up a wire account.          
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  FUND NAME AND      Please use the complete fund name. Refer to "The           
  FUND NUMBER:       Fund's Main Investment Strategy" above for the fund        
                     number.                                                    
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

    Please note that your account cannot become activated until we
receive a completed application.                          

How to BUY and SELL shares                                

MAIL:                                                     

        BUYING: Send your check, payable to the fund you have selected, to
     the transfer agent. Be sure to include the fund number and your
         account number on your check. If you are investing in more than one
     fund, make your check payable to "DWS Scudder" and include your
 account number, the names and numbers of the funds you have
  selected, and the dollar amount or percentage you would like
      invested in each fund. Mailing addresses are shown under "How to
contact the transfer agent."                              

         SELLING: Send a signed letter to the transfer agent with your name,
          your fund number and account number, the fund's name, and either the
        number of shares you wish to sell or the dollar amount you wish to
         receive. Unless exchanging into another DWS fund, you must submit a
   written authorization to sell shares in a retirement account.

                             Buying and Selling Institutional Class Shares  | 19

P-->497221st Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 221st
WIRE:                                                     

BUYING: You may buy shares by wire only if your account is
         authorized to do so. Please note that you or your financial advisor
      must call Shareholder Services at (800) 730-1313 to notify us in
         advance of a wire transfer purchase. Inform Shareholder Services of
          the amount of your purchase and receive a trade confirmation number.
Instruct your bank to send payment by wire using the wire 
       instructions noted below. All wires must be received by 4:00 p.m.
      (Eastern time) the next business day following your purchase. If
       your wire is not received by 4:00 p.m. (Eastern time) on the next
   business day after the fund receives your request to purchase
         shares, your transaction will be canceled at your expense and risk.

                                                                [Download Table]
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                
  BANK NAME:        State Street Bank Boston                                    
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  ROUTING NO:       011000028                                                   
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  ATTN:             DWS Scudder                                                 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  DDA NO:           9903-5552                                                   
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  FBO:              (Account name) (Account number)                             
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  CREDIT:           (fund name, fund number and, if applicable, class           
                    name) (see "How to open your fund account")                 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

      Refer to your account statement for the account name and number.
      Wire transfers normally take two or more hours to complete. Wire
         transfers may be restricted on holidays and at certain other times.

  SELLING: You may sell shares by wire only if your account is
       authorized to do so. You will be paid for redeemed shares by wire
         transfer of funds to your financial advisor or bank upon receipt of
       a duly authorized redemption request as promptly as feasible. For
      your protection, you may not change the destination bank account
        over the phone. To sell by wire, contact your financial advisor or
         Shareholder Services at (800) 730-1313. Inform Shareholder Services
       of the amount of your redemption and receive a trade confirmation
         number. The minimum redemption by wire is $1,000. The fund reserves
the right to change the above eligibility requirements and
        investment minimum at any time. We must receive your order by 4:00
     p.m. (Eastern time) to wire your account the next business day.

20 | Buying and Selling Institutional Class Shares                              

P-->497222nd Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 222nd
TELEPHONE TRANSACTIONS:                                   

         You may place orders to buy and sell over the phone by calling your
          financial advisor or Shareholder Services at (800) 730-1313. If your
          shares are in an account with the transfer agent, you may (1) redeem
        by check in an amount up to $100,000, or by wire (minimum $1,000),
        or (2) exchange the shares for Institutional shares of another DWS
fund by calling the                                       
transfer agent.                                           

        You may make regular investments from a bank checking account. For
    more information on setting up an automatic investment plan or
 payroll investment plan, call Shareholder Services at (800)
730-1313.                                                 

Financial intermediary support payments                   

     The Advisor, DWS Scudder Distributors, Inc. (the "Distributor")
     and/or their affiliates may pay additional compensation, out of
      their own assets and not as an additional charge to the fund, to
          selected affiliated and unaffiliated brokers, dealers, participating
       insurance companies or other financial intermediaries ("financial
        advisors") in connection with the sale and/or distribution of fund
         shares or the retention and/or servicing of fund investors and fund
      shares ("revenue sharing"). Such revenue sharing payments are in
         addition to any distribution or service fees payable under any Rule
        12b-1 or service plan of the fund, any record keeping/sub-transfer
       agency/networking fees payable by the fund (generally through the
    Distributor or an affiliate) and/or the Distributor to certain
   financial advisors for performing such services and any sales
        charges, commissions, non-cash compensation arrangements expressly
permitted under applicable rules of the Financial Industry
          Regulatory Authority ("FINRA") or other concessions described in the
   fee table or elsewhere in this prospectus or the Statement of
      Additional Information as payable to all financial advisors. For
       example, the Advisor, the Distributor and/or their affiliates may
      compensate financial advisors for providing the fund with "shelf
         space" or access to a third party platform or fund offering list or
        other marketing programs, including, without limitation, inclusion
      of the fund on preferred or recommended sales lists, mutual fund
       "supermarket" platforms and other formal sales programs; granting
the Distributor access to the financial advisor's sales   

                             Buying and Selling Institutional Class Shares  | 21

P-->497223rd Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 223rd
       force; granting the Distributor access to the financial advisor's
        conferences and meetings; assistance in training and educating the
 financial advisor's personnel; and obtaining other forms of
marketing support.                                        

          The level of revenue sharing payments made to financial advisors may
        be a fixed fee or based upon one or more of the following factors:
       gross sales, current assets and/or number of accounts of the fund
        attributable to the financial advisor, the particular fund or fund
         type or other measures as agreed to by the Advisor, the Distributor
and/or their affiliates and the financial advisors or any 
          combination thereof. The amount of these revenue sharing payments is
         determined at the discretion of the Advisor, the Distributor and/or
        their affiliates from time to time, may be substantial, and may be
       different for different financial advisors based on, for example,
   the nature of the services provided by the financial advisor.

         The Advisor, the Distributor and/or their affiliates currently make
       revenue sharing payments from their own assets in connection with
      the sale and/or distribution of DWS Fund shares or the retention
    and/or servicing of investors and DWS Fund shares to financial
      advisors in amounts that generally range from .01% up to .50% of
          assets of the fund serviced and maintained by the financial advisor,
     .10% to .25% of sales of the fund attributable to the financial
       advisor, a flat fee of $12,500 up to $500,000, or any combination
       thereof. These amounts are subject to change at the discretion of
          the Advisor, the Distributor and/or their affiliates. Receipt of, or
 the prospect of receiving, this additional compensation may
         influence your financial advisor's recommendation of the fund or of
    any particular share class of the fund. You should review your
     financial advisor's compensation disclosure and/or talk to your
financial advisor to obtain more information on how this  
compensation may have influenced your financial advisor's 
        recommendation of the fund. Additional information regarding these
     revenue sharing payments is included in the fund's Statement of
        Additional Information, which is available to you on request at no
        charge (see the back cover of this prospectus for more information
on how to request a copy of the Statement of Additional   
Information).                                             

        The Advisor, the Distributor and/or their affiliates may also make
         such revenue sharing payments to financial advisors under the terms
     discussed above in connection with the distribution of both DWS
funds and non-DWS funds by financial advisors to          

22 | Buying and Selling Institutional Class Shares                              

P-->497224th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 224th
         retirement plans that obtain record keeping services from ADP, Inc.
          on the DWS Scudder branded retirement plan platform (the "Platform")
          with the level of revenue sharing payments being based upon sales of
          both the DWS funds and the non-DWS funds by the financial advisor on
          the Platform or current assets of both the DWS funds and the non-DWS
   funds serviced and maintained by the financial advisor on the
Platform.                                                 

          It is likely that broker-dealers that execute portfolio transactions
      for the fund will include firms that also sell shares of the DWS
      funds to their customers. However, the Advisor will not consider
sales of DWS fund shares as a factor in the selection of  
         broker-dealers to execute portfolio transactions for the DWS funds.
      Accordingly, the Advisor has implemented policies and procedures
          reasonably designed to prevent its traders from considering sales of
       DWS fund shares as a factor in the selection of broker-dealers to
   execute portfolio transactions for the fund. In addition, the
        Advisor, the Distributor and/or their affiliates will not use fund
 brokerage to pay for their obligation to provide additional
compensation to financial advisors as described above.    

POLICIES YOU SHOULD KNOW ABOUT 

          Along with the information on the previous pages, the policies below
        may affect you as a shareholder. Some of this information, such as
       the section on distributions and taxes, applies to all investors,
including those investing through a financial advisor.    

   If you are investing through a financial advisor or through a
       retirement plan, check the materials you received from them about
         how to buy and sell shares because particular financial advisors or
        other intermediaries may adopt policies, procedures or limitations
          that are separate from those described by the fund. Please note that
        a financial advisor may charge fees separate from those charged by
the fund and may be compensated by the fund.              

          Keep in mind that the information in this prospectus applies only to
     the shares offered herein. Other share classes are described in
     separate prospectuses and have different fees, requirements and
services.                                                 

                                            Policies You Should Know About  | 23

P-->497225th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 225th
          In order to reduce the amount of mail you receive and to help reduce
         expenses, we generally send a single copy of any shareholder report
         and prospectus to each household. If you do not want the mailing of
         these documents to be combined with those for other members of your
    household, please contact your financial advisor or call (800)
730-1313.                                                 

Policies about transactions                               

        THE FUND IS OPEN FOR BUSINESS each day the New York Stock Exchange
       is open. The fund calculates its share price for each class every
      business day, as of the close of regular trading on the New York
     Stock Exchange (typically 4:00 p.m. Eastern time, but sometimes
          earlier, as in the case of scheduled half-day trading or unscheduled
    suspensions of trading). You can place an order to buy or sell
shares at any time.                                       

     To help the government fight the funding of terrorism and money
laundering activities, federal law requires all financial 
institutions to obtain, verify and record information that
          identifies each person who opens an account. What this means to you:
        When you open an account, we will ask for your name, address, date
        of birth and other information that will allow us to identify you.
         Some or all of this information will be used to verify the identity
of all persons opening an account.                        

          We might request additional information about you (which may include
         certain documents, such as articles of incorporation for companies)
         to help us verify your identity and, in some cases, the information
       and/or documents may be required to conduct the verification. The
  information and documents will be used solely to verify your
identity.                                                 

   We will attempt to collect any missing required and requested
        information by contacting you or your financial advisor. If we are
          unable to obtain this information within the time frames established
 by the fund, then we may reject your application and order.

   The fund will not invest your purchase until all required and
     requested identification information has been provided and your
          application has been submitted in "good order." After we receive all
         the information, your application is deemed to be in good order and
       we accept your purchase, you will receive the net asset value per
share next calculated.                                    

24 | Policies You Should Know About                                             

P-->497226th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 226th
 If we are unable to verify your identity within time frames
      established by the fund, after a reasonable effort to do so, you
will receive written notification.                        

          With certain limited exceptions, only US residents may invest in the
fund.                                                     

         Because orders placed through a financial advisor must be forwarded
        to the transfer agent before they can be processed, you'll need to
         allow extra time. Your financial advisor should be able to tell you
approximately when your order will be processed. It is the
       responsibility of your financial advisor to forward your order to
the transfer agent in a timely manner.                    

          SUB-MINIMUM BALANCES. The fund may redeem your shares and close your
        account on 60 days' notice if it fails to meet the minimum account
          balance requirement of $1,000,000 for any reason other than a change
in market value.                                          

MARKET TIMING POLICIES AND PROCEDURES. Short-term and excessive
         trading of fund shares may present risks to long-term shareholders,
including potential dilution in the value of fund shares, 
        interference with the efficient management of the fund's portfolio
     (including losses on the sale of investments), taxable gains to
       remaining shareholders and increased brokerage and administrative
      costs. These risks may be more pronounced if the fund invests in
          certain securities, such as those that trade in foreign markets, are
 illiquid or do not otherwise have "readily available market
          quotations." Certain investors may seek to employ short-term trading
      strategies aimed at exploiting variations in portfolio valuation
          that arise from the nature of the securities held by the fund (e.g.,
 "time zone arbitrage"). The fund discourages short-term and
        excessive trading and has adopted policies and procedures that are
    intended to detect and deter short-term and excessive trading.

        Pursuant to its policies, the fund will impose a 2% redemption fee
  on fund shares held for less than a specified holding period
      (subject to certain exceptions discussed below under "Redemption
fees"). The fund also reserves the right to reject or cancel a
         purchase or exchange order for any reason without prior notice. For
         example, the fund may in its discretion reject or cancel a purchase
        or an exchange order even if the transaction is not subject to the
      specific roundtrip transaction limitation described below if the
          Advisor believes that there appears to be a pattern of short-term or
    excessive trading activity by a shareholder or deems any other
trading activity harmful or                               

                                            Policies You Should Know About  | 25

P-->497227th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 227th
        disruptive to the fund. The fund, through its Advisor and Transfer
        Agent, will measure short-term and excessive trading by the number
       of roundtrip transactions within a shareholder's account during a
          rolling 12-month period. A "roundtrip" transaction is defined as any
combination of purchase and redemption activity (including
   exchanges) of the same fund's shares. The fund may take other
         trading activity into account if the fund believes such activity is
of an amount or frequency that may be harmful to long-term
shareholders or disruptive to portfolio management.       

         Shareholders are limited to four roundtrip transactions in the same
     DWS Fund (excluding money market funds) over a rolling 12-month
          period. Shareholders with four or more roundtrip transactions in the
      same DWS Fund within a rolling 12-month period generally will be
          blocked from making additional purchases of, or exchanges into, that
      DWS Fund. The fund has sole discretion whether to remove a block
         from a shareholder's account. The rights of a shareholder to redeem
 shares of a DWS Fund are not affected by the four roundtrip
       transaction limitation, but all redemptions remain subject to the
   fund's redemption fee policy (see "Redemption fees" described
below).                                                   

         The Advisor may make exceptions to the roundtrip transaction policy
          for certain types of transactions if in its opinion the transactions
         do not represent short-term or excessive trading or are not abusive
     or harmful to the fund, such as, but not limited to, systematic
transactions, required minimum retirement distributions,  
          transactions initiated by the fund or administrator and transactions
by certain qualified fund-of-fund(s).                     

         In certain circumstances where shareholders hold shares of the fund
  through a financial intermediary, the fund may rely upon the
      financial intermediary's policy to deter short-term or excessive
       trading if the Advisor believes that the financial intermediary's
         policy is reasonably designed to detect and deter transactions that
are not in the best interests of the fund. A financial    
       intermediary's policy relating to short-term or excessive trading
     may be more or less restrictive than the DWS Funds' policy, may
 permit certain transactions not permitted by the DWS Funds'
      policies, or prohibit transactions not subject to the DWS Funds'
policies.                                                 

26 | Policies You Should Know About                                             

P-->497228th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 228th
The Advisor may also accept undertakings from a financial 
         intermediary to enforce short-term or excessive trading policies on
      behalf of the fund that provide a substantially similar level of
     protection for the fund against such transactions. For example,
     certain financial intermediaries may have contractual, legal or
          operational restrictions that prevent them from blocking an account.
     In such instances, the financial intermediary may use alternate
         techniques that the Advisor considers to be a reasonable substitute
for such a block.                                         

    In addition, if the fund invests some portion of its assets in
         foreign securities, it has adopted certain fair valuation practices
          intended to protect the fund from "time zone arbitrage" with respect
         to its foreign securities holdings and other trading practices that
       seek to exploit variations in portfolio valuation that arise from
       the nature of the securities held by the fund. (See "How the fund
calculates share price.")                                 

      There is no assurance that these policies and procedures will be
          effective in limiting short-term and excessive trading in all cases.
      For example, the Advisor may not be able to effectively monitor,
   detect or limit short-term or excessive trading by underlying
     shareholders that occurs through omnibus accounts maintained by
   broker-dealers or other financial intermediaries. The Advisor
        reviews trading activity at the omnibus level to detect short-term
     or excessive trading. If the Advisor has reason to suspect that
        short-term or excessive trading is occurring at the omnibus level,
    the Advisor will contact the financial intermediary to request
       underlying shareholder level activity. Depending on the amount of
         fund shares held in such omnibus accounts (which may represent most
       of the fund's shares) short-term and/or excessive trading of fund
          shares could adversely affect long-term shareholders in the fund. If
          short-term or excessive trading is identified, the Advisor will take
appropriate action.                                       

         The fund's market timing policies and procedures may be modified or
terminated at any time.                                   

REDEMPTION FEES. The fund imposes a redemption fee of 2% of the
         total redemption amount (calculated at net asset value) on all fund
        shares redeemed or exchanged within 15 days of buying them (either
          by purchase or exchange). The redemption fee is paid directly to the
          fund and is designed to encourage long-term investment and to offset
transaction and other costs                               

                                            Policies You Should Know About  | 27

P-->497229th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 229th
      associated with short-term or excessive trading. For purposes of
     determining whether the redemption fee applies, shares held the
          longest time will be treated as being redeemed first and shares held
the shortest time will be treated as being redeemed last. 

      The redemption fee is applicable to fund shares purchased either
directly or through a financial intermediary, such as a   
  broker-dealer. Transactions through financial intermediaries
        typically are placed with the fund on an omnibus basis and include
      both purchase and sale transactions placed on behalf of multiple
          investors. These purchase and sale transactions are generally netted
        against one another and placed on an aggregate basis; consequently
        the identities of the individuals on whose behalf the transactions
          are placed generally are not known to the fund. For this reason, the
     fund has undertaken to notify financial intermediaries of their
         obligation to assess the redemption fee on customer accounts and to
 collect and remit the proceeds to the fund. However, due to
        operational requirements, the intermediaries' methods for tracking
          and calculating the fee may be inadequate or differ in some respects
from the fund's.                                          

   The redemption fee will not be charged in connection with the
        following exchange or redemption transactions: (i) transactions on
    behalf of participants in certain research wrap programs; (ii)
        transactions on behalf of participants in certain group retirement
       plans whose processing systems are incapable of properly applying
          the redemption fee to underlying shareholders; (iii) transactions on
       behalf of a shareholder to return any excess IRA contributions to
      the shareholder; (iv) transactions on behalf of a shareholder to
        effect a required minimum distribution on an IRA; (v) transactions
 on behalf of any mutual fund advised by the Advisor and its
affiliates (e.g., "funds of funds") or, in the case of a  
         master/feeder relationship, redemptions by the feeder fund from the
master portfolio; (vi) transactions on behalf of certain  
  unaffiliated mutual funds operating as funds of funds; (vii)
  transactions following death or disability of any registered
     shareholder, beneficial owner or grantor of a living trust with
    respect to shares purchased before death or disability; (viii)
         transactions involving hardship of any registered shareholder; (ix)
         systematic transactions with pre-defined trade dates for purchases,
         exchanges or redemptions, such as automatic account rebalancing, or
        loan origination and repayments; (x) transactions involving shares
purchased through the                                     

28 | Policies You Should Know About                                             

P-->497230th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 230th
         reinvestment of dividends or other distributions; (xi) transactions
        involving shares transferred from another account in the same fund
          or converted from another class of the same fund (the redemption fee
        period will carry over to the acquired shares); (xii) transactions
       initiated by the fund or administrator (e.g., redemptions for not
   meeting account minimums, to pay account fees funded by share
      redemptions, or in the event of the liquidation or merger of the
    fund); or (xiii) transactions in cases when there are legal or
      contractual limitations or restrictions on the imposition of the
      redemption fee (as determined by the fund or its agents in their
   sole discretion). It is the policy of the DWS funds to permit
         approved fund platform providers to execute transactions within the
        funds without the imposition of a redemption fee if such providers
      have implemented alternative measures that are determined by the
          Advisor to provide controls on short-term and excessive trading that
are comparable to the DWS funds' policies.                

   THE AUTOMATED INFORMATION LINE IS AVAILABLE 24 HOURS A DAY BY
         CALLING (800) 621-1048. You can use our automated phone services to
          get information on DWS funds generally and on accounts held directly
         at DWS Scudder. You can also use this service to make exchanges and
sell shares.                                              

     QUICKBUY AND QUICKSELL let you set up a link between a DWS fund
          account and a bank account. Once this link is in place, you can move
money between the two with a phone call. You'll           
    need to make sure your bank has Automated Clearing House (ACH)
       services. Transactions take two to three days to be completed and
          there is a $50 minimum and a $250,000 maximum. To set up QuickBuy or
        QuickSell on a new account, see the account application; to add it
to an existing account, call (800) 730-1313.              

TELEPHONE AND ELECTRONIC TRANSACTIONS. Generally, you are 
    automatically entitled to telephone and electronic transaction
       privileges, but you may elect not to have them when you open your
          account or by contacting Shareholder Services at (800) 730-1313 at a
later date.                                               

Since many transactions may be initiated by telephone or  
          electronically, it's important to understand that as long as we take
    reasonable steps to ensure that an order to purchase or redeem
shares is genuine, such as recording calls or requesting  
  personalized security codes or other information, we are not
responsible for any losses that may occur as a result. For

THE FOLLOWING SIDEBAR TEXT APPEARS NEXT TO THE PRECEDING PARAGRAPHS             

The DWS  Scudder  Web site can be a  valuable  resource  for  shareholders  with
Internet access. Go to WWW.DWS-SCUDDER.COM to get up-to-date information, review
balances or even place orders for exchanges.                                    

                                            Policies You Should Know About  | 29

P-->497231st Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 231st
         transactions conducted over the Internet, we recommend the use of a
          secure Internet browser. In addition, you should verify the accuracy
         of your confirmation statements immediately after you receive them.

        IF YOU PAY FOR SHARES BY CHECK and the check fails to clear, or if
     you order shares by phone and fail to pay for them by 4:00 p.m.
          Eastern time the next business day, we have the right to cancel your
         order, hold you liable or charge you or your account for any losses
       or fees the fund or its agents have incurred. To sell shares, you
          must state whether you would like to receive the proceeds by wire or
check.                                                    

          WHEN YOU ASK US TO SEND OR RECEIVE A WIRE, please note that while we
          don't charge a fee to send or receive wires, it's possible that your
         bank may do so. Wire transactions are generally completed within 24
      hours. The fund can only send wires of $1,000 or more and accept
wires of $50 or more.                                     

THE FUND DOES NOT ISSUE SHARE CERTIFICATES.               

      THE FUND ACCEPTS PAYMENT FOR SHARES ONLY IN US DOLLARS by check,
         bank or Federal Funds wire transfer or by electronic bank transfer.
   Please note that the fund does not accept cash, money orders,
          traveler's checks, starter checks, third party checks (except checks
      for retirement plan asset transfers and rollovers or for Uniform
    Gifts to Minors Act/Uniform Transfers to Minors Act accounts),
   checks drawn on foreign banks or checks issued by credit card
 companies or Internet-based companies. Thus, subject to the
          foregoing exceptions for certain third party checks, checks that are
    otherwise permissible must be drawn by the account holder on a
domestic bank and must be payable to the fund.            

SIGNATURE GUARANTEE. When you want to sell more than $100,000 worth
      of shares or send proceeds to a third party or to a new address,
      you'll usually need to place your order in writing and include a
     signature guarantee. However, if you want money wired to a bank
account that is already on file with us, you don't        
  need a signature guarantee. Also, generally you don't need a
         signature guarantee for an exchange, although we may require one in
certain other circumstances.                              

         A signature guarantee is simply a certification of your signature -
 a valuable safeguard against fraud. You can get a signature
 guarantee from an eligible guarantor institution, including
commercial banks, savings and loans, trust                

THE FOLLOWING SIDEBAR TEXT APPEARS NEXT TO THE PRECEDING PARAGRAPHS             

If you ever have difficulty placing an order by phone or Internet,  you can send
us your order in writing.                                                       

30 | Policies You Should Know About                                             

P-->497232nd Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 232nd
         companies, credit unions, member firms of a national stock exchange
     or any member or participant of an approved signature guarantor
          program. Note that you can't get a signature guarantee from a notary
public and we must be provided the original guarantee.    

   SELLING SHARES OF TRUST ACCOUNTS AND BUSINESS OR ORGANIZATION
      ACCOUNTS may require additional documentation. Please call (800)
      730-1313 or contact your financial advisor for more information.

         MONEY FROM SHARES YOU SELL is normally sent out within one business
    day of when your order is processed (not when it is received),
        although it could be delayed for up to seven days. There are other
        circumstances when it could be longer: When you are selling shares
        you bought recently by check (redemption proceeds from such a sale
 are unavailable until the check has cleared), when you make
        purchases by ACH (the funds will be placed under a 10 calendar day
         hold to ensure good funds) or when unusual circumstances prompt the
         SEC to allow further delays. Certain expedited redemption processes
        may also be delayed when you are selling recently purchased shares
   or in the event of closing of the Federal Reserve Bank's wire
         payment system. In addition, the fund reserves the right to suspend
or postpone redemptions as permitted pursuant to          
     Section 22(e) of the Investment Company Act of 1940. Generally,
    those circumstances are when 1) the New York Stock Exchange is
         closed other than customary weekend or holiday closings; 2) trading
          on the New York Stock Exchange is restricted; 3) an emergency exists
          which makes the disposal of securities owned by the fund or the fair
        determination of the value of the fund's net assets not reasonably
         practicable; or 4) the SEC, by order, permits the suspension of the
          right of redemption. Redemption payments by wire may also be delayed
       in the event of a non-routine closure of the Federal Reserve wire
        payment system. For additional rights reserved by the fund, please
see "Other rights we reserve."                            

         You may obtain additional information about other ways to sell your
shares by contacting your financial advisor.              

     ACCOUNT STATEMENTS. We or your financial advisor will generally
       furnish you with a written confirmation of every transaction that
  affects your account balance. You will also receive periodic
statements reflecting the balances in your account.       

                                            Policies You Should Know About  | 31

P-->497233rd Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 233rd
How the fund calculates share price                       

     To calculate net asset value, or NAV, each share class uses the
following equation:                                       

                                                                [Download Table]

      TOTAL ASSETS - TOTAL LIABILITIES               
-----------------------------------------    =    NAV
    TOTAL NUMBER OF SHARES OUTSTANDING               

The price at which you buy and sell shares is the NAV.    

      THE FUND CHARGES A REDEMPTION FEE EQUAL TO 2.00% of the value of
         shares redeemed or exchanged within 15 days of purchase. Please see
 "Policies about transactions - Redemption fees" for further
information.                                              

     WE TYPICALLY VALUE SECURITIES USING INFORMATION FURNISHED BY AN
          INDEPENDENT PRICING SERVICE OR MARKET QUOTATIONS, WHERE APPROPRIATE.
         However, we may use methods approved by the fund's Board, such as a
         fair valuation model, which are intended to reflect fair value when
      pricing service information or market quotations are not readily
         available or when a security's value or a meaningful portion of the
       value of the fund's portfolio is believed to have been materially
     affected by a significant event, such as a natural disaster, an
economic event like a bankruptcy filing, or a substantial 
          fluctuation in domestic or foreign markets that has occurred between
  the close of the exchange or market on which the security is
        principally traded (for example, a foreign exchange or market) and
          the close of the New York Stock Exchange. In such a case, the fund's
         value for a security is likely to be different from the last quoted
          market price or pricing service information. In addition, due to the
          subjective and variable nature of fair value pricing, it is possible
        that the value determined for a particular asset may be materially
     different from the value realized upon such asset's sale. It is
     expected that the greater the percentage of fund assets that is
          invested in non-US securities, the more extensive will be the fund's
      use of fair value pricing. This is intended to reduce the fund's
 exposure to "time zone arbitrage" and other harmful trading
practices. (See "Market timing policies and procedures.") 

       TO THE EXTENT THAT THE FUND INVESTS IN SECURITIES THAT ARE TRADED
          PRIMARILY IN FOREIGN MARKETS, the value of its holdings could change
        at a time when you aren't able to buy or sell fund shares. This is
        because some foreign markets are open on days or at times when the
          fund doesn't price its shares. (Note that prices for securities that
trade on foreign exchanges can change                     

32 | Policies You Should Know About                                             

P-->497234th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 234th
          significantly on days when the New York Stock Exchange is closed and
         you cannot buy or sell fund shares. Price changes in the securities
      the fund owns may ultimately affect the price of fund shares the
next time the NAV is calculated.)                         

Other rights we reserve                                   

You should be aware that we may do any of the following:  

-  withdraw or suspend the offering of shares at any time 

         -  withhold a portion of your distributions and redemption proceeds
          as federal income tax if we have been notified by the IRS that
           you are subject to backup withholding or if you fail to provide
           us with a correct taxpayer ID number and certain certifications
        or certification that you are exempt from backup withholding

  -  reject a new account application if you don't provide any
           required or requested identifying information, or for any other
reason                                              

         -  refuse, cancel, limit or rescind any purchase or exchange order,
             without prior notice; freeze any account (meaning you will not be
          able to purchase fund shares in your account); suspend account
          services; and/or involuntarily redeem your account if we think
    that the account is being used for fraudulent or illegal
             purposes; one or more of these actions will be taken when, at our
     sole discretion, they are deemed to be in the fund's best
            interests or when the fund is requested or compelled to do so by
governmental authority or by applicable law         

         -  close and liquidate your account if we are unable to verify your
      identity, or for other reasons; if we decide to close your
             account, your fund shares will be redeemed at the net asset value
      per share next calculated after we determine to close your
             account (less any applicable redemption fee); you may recognize a
          gain or loss on the redemption of your fund shares and incur a
tax liability                                       

        -  pay you for shares you sell by "redeeming in kind," that is, by
         giving you securities (which typically will involve brokerage
           costs for you to liquidate) rather than cash, but which will be
         taxable to the same extent as a redemption for cash; the fund
          generally won't make a redemption in kind unless your requests
            over a 90-day period total more than $250,000 or 1% of the value
of the fund's net assets, whichever is less         

                                            Policies You Should Know About  | 33

P-->497235th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 235th
   -  change, add or withdraw various services, fees and account
      policies (for example, we may adjust the fund's investment
minimums at any time)                               

UNDERSTANDING DISTRIBUTIONS AND TAXES                                           

         The fund intends to distribute to its shareholders virtually all of
         its net earnings. The fund can earn money in two ways: by receiving
         interest, dividends or other income from securities it holds and by
    selling securities for more than it paid for them. (The fund's
       earnings are separate from any gains or losses stemming from your
     own purchase and sale of shares.) The fund may not always pay a
dividend or distribution for a given period.              

THE FUND INTENDS TO PAY DIVIDENDS AND DISTRIBUTIONS to its
       shareholders annually in December and, if necessary, may do so at
other times as well.                                      

          Dividends or distributions declared to shareholders of record in the
          last quarter of a given calendar year are treated for federal income
        tax purposes as if they were received on December 31 of that year,
         provided such dividends or distributions are paid by the end of the
following January.                                        

For federal income tax purposes, income and capital gains 
 distributions are generally taxable. However, dividends and
   distributions received by retirement plans qualifying for tax
   exemption under federal income tax laws generally will not be
taxable.                                                  

         YOU CAN CHOOSE HOW TO RECEIVE YOUR DIVIDENDS AND DISTRIBUTIONS. You
can have them all automatically reinvested in             
          fund shares (at NAV), all deposited directly to your bank account or
      all sent to you by check, have one type reinvested and the other
          sent to you by check or have them invested in a different fund. Tell
     us your preference on your application. If you don't indicate a
         preference, your dividends and distributions will all be reinvested
   in shares of the fund without a sales charge (if applicable).
        Distributions are treated the same for federal income tax purposes
     whether you receive them in cash or reinvest them in additional
    shares. For employer-sponsored qualified plans, and retirement
plans, reinvestment (at NAV) is the only option.          

THE FOLLOWING SIDEBAR TEXT APPEARS NEXT TO THE PRECEDING PARAGRAPHS             

Because each  shareholder's  tax situation is unique,  ask your tax professional
about the tax  consequences of your  investments,  including any state and local
tax consequences.                                                               

34 | Understanding Distributions and Taxes                                      

P-->497236th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 236th
         BUYING, SELLING OR EXCHANGING FUND SHARES WILL USUALLY HAVE FEDERAL
   INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES FOR YOU (except in employer-sponsored
        qualified plans, IRAs or other tax-advantaged accounts). Your sale
      of shares may result in a capital gain or loss. The gain or loss
         will be long-term or short-term depending on how long you owned the
         shares that were sold. For federal income tax purposes, an exchange
is treated the same as a sale.                            

          THE FEDERAL INCOME TAX STATUS of the fund's earnings you receive and
your own fund transactions generally depend on their type:

                                                                [Download Table]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
GENERALLY TAXED AT LONG-TERM                 GENERALLY TAXED AT ORDINARY        
CAPITAL GAIN RATES:                          INCOME RATES:                      
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

DISTRIBUTIONS FROM THE FUND                                                     

-   gains from the sale of                   -  gains from the sale of          
    securities held (or treated                 securities held by the fund for 
    as held) by the fund for                    one year or less                
    more than one year                                                          

-   qualified dividend income                -  all other taxable income        
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

TRANSACTIONS INVOLVING FUND                                                     
SHARES                                                                          

-   gains from selling fund                  -  gains from selling fund         
    shares held for more than                   shares held for one year or     
    one year                                    less                            
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

     ANY DIRECT INVESTMENTS IN FOREIGN SECURITIES BY THE FUND MAY BE
          SUBJECT TO FOREIGN WITHHOLDING TAXES. In that case, the fund's yield
          on those securities would generally be decreased. The fund may elect
   to pass through to its shareholders a credit or deduction for
          foreign taxes it has paid if at the end of its year more than 50% of
 the fund's total assets are stocks or securities of foreign
         corporations. In addition, any investments in foreign securities or
          foreign currencies may increase or accelerate the fund's recognition
          of ordinary income and may affect the timing or amount of the fund's
         distributions. If you invest in the fund through a taxable account,
your after-tax return could be negatively impacted.       

        To the extent that the fund invests in certain debt obligations or
   certain other securities, investments in these obligations or
         securities may cause the fund to recognize taxable income in excess
        of the cash generated by such obligations. Thus, the fund could be
          required at times to liquidate other investments in order to satisfy
its distribution requirements.                            

                                     Understanding Distributions and Taxes  | 35

P-->497237th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 237th
          For taxable years beginning before January 1, 2011, distributions to
          individuals and other noncorporate shareholders of investment income
          designated by the fund as derived from qualified dividend income are
       eligible for taxation for federal income tax purposes at the more
       favorable long-term capital gain rates. Qualified dividend income
 generally includes dividends from domestic and some foreign
       corporations. It does not include income from investments in debt
      securities or, generally, from REITs. In addition, the fund must
        meet certain holding period and other requirements with respect to
          the dividend-paying stocks in its portfolio and the shareholder must
        meet certain holding period and other requirements with respect to
          the fund's shares for the lower tax rates to apply. Because the fund
        will invest in both long and short positions in equity securities,
      it is anticipated that a smaller portion of the income dividends
        paid to you by the fund will be qualified dividend income eligible
   for taxation at long-term capital gain rates than if the fund
invested in only long positions in equity securities.     

     For taxable years beginning before January 1, 2011, the maximum
federal income tax rate imposed on long-term capital gains
       recognized by individuals and other noncorporate shareholders has
          been reduced to 15%. For taxable years beginning on or after January
1, 2011, the long-term capital gain rate is scheduled to return to
20%. For more information, see the Statement of Additional
Information, under "Taxes."
     YOUR FUND WILL SEND YOU DETAILED FEDERAL INCOME TAX INFORMATION
         EVERY JANUARY. These statements tell you the amount and the federal
     income tax classification of any dividends or distributions you
          received. They also have certain details on your purchases and sales
of shares.                                                

    IF YOU INVEST RIGHT BEFORE THE FUND PAYS A DIVIDEND, you'll be
         getting some of your investment back as a taxable dividend. You can
    avoid this by investing after the fund declares a dividend. In
       tax-advantaged retirement accounts you do not need to worry about
this.                                                     

     CORPORATIONS are taxed at the same rates on ordinary income and
 capital gains, but may be eligible for a dividends-received
       deduction for a portion of the income dividends they receive from
          the fund, provided certain holding period and other requirements are
met.                                                      

36 | Understanding Distributions and Taxes                                      

P-->497238th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 238th
   The above discussion is applicable to shareholders who are US
      persons. If you are a non-US person, please consult your own tax
  advisor with respect to the US tax consequences to you of an
investment in the fund.                                   

                                     Understanding Distributions and Taxes  | 37

P-->497239th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 239th
APPENDIX                                                                        
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Hypothetical Expense Summary                              

         Using the annual fund operating expense ratios presented in the fee
     tables in the fund prospectus, the Hypothetical Expense Summary
          shows the estimated fees and expenses, in actual dollars, that would
         be charged on a hypothetical investment of $10,000 in the fund held
       for the next 10 years and the impact of such fees and expenses on
       fund returns for each year and cumulatively, assuming a 5% return
  for each year. The tables also assume that all dividends and
        distributions are reinvested. The annual fund expense ratios shown
          are net of any contractual fee waivers or expense reimbursements, if
          any, for the period of the contractual commitment. The tables do not
reflect redemption fees, if any, which may be payable upon
  redemption. If redemption fees were shown, the "Hypothetical
      Year-End Balance After Fees and Expenses" amounts shown would be
     lower and the "Annual Fees and Expenses" amounts shown would be
         higher. Also, please note that if you are investing through a third
       party provider, that provider may have fees and expenses separate
          from those of the fund that are not reflected here. Mutual fund fees
        and expenses fluctuate over time and actual expenses may be higher
or lower than those shown.                                

         The Hypothetical Expense Summary should not be used or construed as
an offer to sell, a solicitation of an offer to buy or a  
    recommendation or endorsement of any specific mutual fund. You
   should carefully review the fund's prospectus to consider the
          investment objectives, risks, expenses and charges of the fund prior
to investing.                                             

38 | Appendix                                                                   

P-->497240th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 240th
DWS International Value Opportunities Fund - Institutional Class                

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

              MAXIMUM           INITIAL HYPOTHETICAL                 ASSUMED RATE             
           SALES CHARGE:             INVESTMENT:                      OF RETURN:              
               0.00%                   $10,000                            5%                  
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                              HYPOTHETICAL                    
             CUMULATIVE        ANNUAL       CUMULATIVE          YEAR-END                      
           RETURN BEFORE        FUND       RETURN AFTER      BALANCE AFTER      ANNUAL FEES   
              FEES AND        EXPENSE        FEES AND           FEES AND            AND       
YEAR          EXPENSES         RATIOS        EXPENSES           EXPENSES         EXPENSES     
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                              
   1            5.00%        1.36%              3.64%       $ 10,364.00        $   138.48     
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   2           10.25%        3.26%              5.44%       $ 10,544.33        $   340.81     
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   3           15.76%        3.26%              7.28%       $ 10,727.81        $   346.74     
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   4           21.55%        3.26%              9.14%       $ 10,914.47        $   352.77     
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   5           27.63%        3.26%             11.04%       $ 11,104.38        $   358.91     
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   6           34.01%        3.26%             12.98%       $ 11,297.60        $   365.15     
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   7           40.71%        3.26%             14.94%       $ 11,494.17        $   371.51     
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   8           47.75%        3.26%             16.94%       $ 11,694.17        $   377.97     
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   9           55.13%        3.26%             18.98%       $ 11,897.65        $   384.55     
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  10           62.89%        3.26%             21.05%       $ 12,104.67        $   391.24     
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  TOTAL                                                                        $ 3,428.13     
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                                                  Appendix  | 39

P-->497241st Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 241st
TO GET MORE INFORMATION                                                         

SHAREHOLDER REPORTS - These include commentary from the fund's management team  
about recent market conditions and the effects of the fund's strategies on its  
performance. They also have detailed performance figures, a list of everything  
the fund owns, and its financial statements. Shareholders get these reports     
automatically.                                                                  

STATEMENT OF ADDITIONAL INFORMATION (SAI) - This tells you more about the       
fund's features and policies, including additional risk information. The SAI is 
incorporated by reference into this document (meaning that it's legally part of 
this prospectus).                                                               

For a free copy of any of these documents or to request other information about 
the fund, call (800) 730-1313, or contact DWS Scudder at the address listed     
below. The fund's SAI and shareholder reports are also available through the    
DWS Scudder Web site at www.dws-scudder.com. These documents and other          
information about the fund are available from the EDGAR Database on the SEC's   
Internet site at www.sec.gov. If you like, you may obtain copies of this        
information, after paying a copying fee, by e-mailing a request to              
publicinfo@sec.gov or by writing the SEC at the address listed below. You can   
also review and copy these documents and other information about the fund,      
including the fund's SAI, at the SEC's Public Reference Room in Washington,     
D.C. Information on the operation of the SEC's Public Reference Room may be     
obtained by calling (800) SEC-0330.                                             

                                                                [Download Table]

DWS SCUDDER              SEC                     DISTRIBUTOR                    
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                
PO Box 219210            100 F Street, N.E.      DWS Scudder Distributors, Inc. 
Kansas City, MO          Washington, D.C.        222 South Riverside Plaza      
64121-9210               20549-0102              Chicago, IL 60606-5808
WWW.DWS-SCUDDER.COM WWW.SEC.GOV             (800) 621-1148                 
(800) 730-1313           (800) SEC-0330                                         

                                                                [Download Table]

SEC FILE NUMBER:                                                                
DWS International Fund, Inc. DWS International Value Opportunities Fund  811-642

(12/01/07) DIVOF-1-IN                                                           
[RECYCLED PAPER GRAPHIC APPEARS HERE]    [DWS SCUDDER LOGO GRAPHIC APPEARS HERE]

P-->497242nd Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 242nd
DECEMBER 1, 2007

PROSPECTUS

------------------  

CLASS S 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

DWS INTERNATIONAL VALUE OPPORTUNITIES FUND

As with all mutual funds, the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) does not 
approve or disapprove these shares or determine whether the information in this 
prospectus is truthful or complete. It is a criminal offense for anyone to      
inform you otherwise.                                                           

                                         [DWS SCUDDER LOGO GRAPHIC APPEARS HERE]

P-->497243rd Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 243rd
CONTENTS                                                                        

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                                                [Download Table]

HOW THE FUND WORKS                     

  4      The Fund's Main Investment    
         Strategy                      

  5      The Main Risks of Investing in
         the Fund                      

  8      The Fund's Performance        
         History                       

  9      How Much Investors Pay        

 10      Other Policies and Secondary  
         Risks                         

 11      Who Manages and Oversees      
         the Fund                      

 15      Financial Highlights          

                                                                [Download Table]

HOW TO INVEST IN THE FUND           

 17      How to Buy, Sell and       
         Exchange Shares            

 21      Policies You Should Know   
         About                      

 33      Understanding Distributions
         and Taxes                  

 36      Appendix                   

P-->497244th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 244th
HOW THE FUND WORKS                                                              

On the next few pages, you'll find information about the fund's investment      
goal, the main strategies it uses to pursue that goal and the main risks that   
could affect performance.                                                       

Whether you are considering investing in the fund or are already a shareholder, 
you'll want to LOOK THIS INFORMATION OVER CAREFULLY. You may want to keep it on 
hand for reference as well.                                                     

CLASS S shares are generally only available to new investors through fee-based  
programs of investment dealers that have special agreements with the fund's     
distributor and through certain registered investment advisors. These dealers   
and advisors typically charge ongoing fees for services they provide.           

Remember that mutual funds are investments, not bank deposits. They're not      
insured or guaranteed by the FDIC or any other government agency. Their share   
prices will go up and down, and you could lose money by investing in them.      

You can find DWS prospectuses on the Internet at WWW.DWS-SCUDDER.COM (the Web   
site does not form a part of this prospectus).                                  

P-->497245th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 245th
                                                                [Download Table]
                                                                                
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                        Class S 

                          ticker symbol                                 DNVSX   

                            fund number                                 2355    

DWS INTERNATIONAL VALUE OPPORTUNITIES FUND                                      
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


THE FUND'S MAIN INVESTMENT STRATEGY 

   The fund seeks long-term capital appreciation, with current
income as a secondary objective.                        

        Under normal circumstances, the fund invests at least 80% of its
           assets, determined at the time of purchase, in the stocks and other
        securities with equity characteristics of companies in developed
        countries outside the United States. Almost all the companies in
           which the fund invests are based in the developed foreign countries
     that make up the Morgan Stanley Capital International Europe,
         Australasia and Far East Index ("MSCI EAFE (Reg. TM) Index"). The
          fund may also invest a portion of its assets in companies based in
       the emerging markets of Latin America, the Middle East, Europe,
           Asia and Africa if the portfolio managers believe that their return
           potential more than compensates for the extra risks associated with
    these markets. While the portfolio managers have invested in
         emerging markets in the past, under normal market conditions they
      do not consider this a central element of the fund's strategy.
          Typically, the fund would not hold more than 20% of its net assets
       in emerging markets. In implementing this overall strategy, the
      fund may experience a high portfolio turnover rate. The fund's
         equity investments are mainly common stocks, but may also include
       other types of equities such as preferred stocks or convertible
       securities. The fund may also invest up to 20% of its assets in
          cash equivalents, US investment-grade fixed-income securities, and
US stocks and other equities.                           

           The fund invests for the long term. The portfolio managers employ a
    value strategy and invest in companies that they believe are
 undervalued. These are typically companies that have been
     historically sound but are temporarily out of favor. The fund
intends to invest primarily in companies whose market   
           capitalizations fall within the normal range of the MSCI EAFE (Reg.
TM) Index.                                              

4 | DWS International Value Opportunities Fund                                  

P-->497246th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 246th
         The portfolio managers track several thousand companies to arrive
        at between 50 to 70 stocks the fund normally holds. The managers
          use a variety of quantitative screens to compare a company's stock
          price to its book value, cash flow and dividend yield, and analyze
         individual companies to identify those that are financially sound
 and appear to have strong potential for long-term growth.

  After narrowing the investment universe through the use of
     valuation screens, the portfolio managers' use of fundamental
       research tools lies at the heart of the investment process. The
     portfolio managers' process brings an added dimension to this
        fundamental research by drawing on the insight of experts from a
           range of financial disciplines - regional stock market specialists,
          global industry specialists, economists and quantitative analysts.
          They challenge, refine and amplify each other's ideas. Their close
      collaboration is a critical element of the portfolio managers'
investment process.                                     

          OTHER INVESTMENTS. The fund is permitted, but not required, to use
        various types of derivatives (contracts whose value is based on,
           for example, indices, currencies or securities). Derivatives may be
   used for hedging and for risk management or for non-hedging
     purposes to seek to enhance potential gains. The fund may use
        derivatives in circumstances where portfolio management believes
          they offer an economical means of gaining exposure to a particular
           asset class or to keep cash on hand to meet shareholder redemptions
or other needs while maintaining exposure to the market.

          SECURITIES LENDING. The fund may lend its investment securities in
an amount up to 33 1/3% of its total assets to approved 
         institutional borrowers who need to borrow securities in order to
complete certain transactions.                          

THE MAIN RISKS OF INVESTING IN THE FUND                 

 There are several risk factors that could hurt the fund's
performance, cause you to lose money or cause the fund's
performance to trail that of other investments.         

        STOCK MARKET RISK. As with most stock funds, an important factor
        with this fund is how stock markets perform - (to the extent the
  fund invests in a particular geographic region, the fund's
    performance may be proportionately affected by that region's
           general performance). When stock prices fall, you should expect the
value of your investment to fall as well.               

                                 DWS International Value Opportunities Fund  | 5

P-->497247th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 247th
        Because a stock represents ownership in its issuer, stock prices
          can be hurt by poor management, shrinking product demand and other
           business risks. These may affect single companies as well as groups
     of companies. In addition, movements in financial markets may
    adversely affect a stock's price, regardless of how well the
          company performs. The market as a whole may not favor the types of
      investments the fund makes and the fund may not be able to get
attractive prices for them.                             

          SECURITY SELECTION RISK. A risk that pervades all investing is the
       risk that the securities in the fund's portfolio may decline in
value.                                                  

    FOREIGN INVESTMENT RISK. Foreign investments involve certain
special risks, including:                               

    -  POLITICAL RISK. Some foreign governments have limited the
             outflow of profits to investors abroad, imposed restrictions on
             the exchange or export of foreign currency, extended diplomatic
       disputes to include trade and financial relations, seized
foreign investment and imposed high taxes.        

           -  INFORMATION RISK. Companies based in foreign markets are usually
         not subject to accounting, auditing and financial reporting
      standards and practices as stringent as those in the US.
           Therefore, their financial reports may present an incomplete,
              untimely or misleading picture of a foreign company, as compared
to the financial reports of US companies.         

  -  LIQUIDITY RISK. Investments that trade less can be more
              difficult or more costly to buy, or to sell, than more liquid or
        active investments. This liquidity risk is a factor of the
            trading volume of a particular investment, as well as the size
             and liquidity of the entire local market. On the whole, foreign
            exchanges are smaller and less liquid than the US market. This
            can make buying and selling certain investments more difficult
             and costly. Relatively small transactions in some instances can
            have a disproportionately large effect on the price and supply
           of securities. In certain situations, it may become virtually
         impossible to sell an investment in an orderly fashion at a
          price that approaches portfolio management's estimate of its
         value. For the same reason, it may at times be difficult to
value the fund's foreign investments.             

THE FOLLOWING SIDEBAR TEXT APPEARS NEXT TO THE PRECEDING PARAGRAPHS             

The fund is designed for investors who are seeking capital appreciation and are 
willing to accept the risks of investing in the stocks of foreign companies.    

6 | DWS International Value Opportunities Fund                                  

P-->497248th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 248th
         -  REGULATORY RISK. There is generally less government regulation
              of foreign markets, companies and securities dealers than in the
US.                                               

       -  CURRENCY RISK. The fund invests in securities denominated in
              foreign currencies. This creates the possibility that changes in
              exchange rates between foreign currencies and the US dollar will
            affect the US dollar value of foreign securities or the income
or gain received on these securities.             

           -  LIMITED LEGAL RECOURSE RISK. Legal remedies for investors may be
 more limited than the remedies available in the US.

          -  TRADING PRACTICE RISK. Brokerage commissions and other fees are
  generally higher for foreign investments than for US
     investments. The procedures and rules governing foreign
          transactions and custody may also involve delays in payment,
delivery or recovery of money or investments.     

        -  TAXES. Foreign withholding and certain other taxes may reduce
             the amount of income available to distribute to shareholders of
            the fund. In addition, special US tax considerations may apply
to the fund's foreign investments.                

      EMERGING MARKET RISK. All of the risks of investing in foreign
           securities are increased in connection with investments in emerging
    markets securities. In addition, profound social changes and
         business practices that depart from norms in developed countries'
        economies have hindered the orderly growth of emerging economies
       and their markets in the past and have caused instability. High
         levels of debt tend to make emerging economies heavily reliant on
         foreign capital and vulnerable to capital flight. These countries
    are also more likely to experience high levels of inflation,
      deflation or currency devaluation, which could also hurt their
      economies and securities markets. For these and other reasons,
         investments in emerging markets are often considered speculative.

       DERIVATIVES RISK. Risks associated with derivatives include the
          risk that the derivative is not well correlated with the security,
        index or currency to which it relates; the risk that derivatives
     may not have the intended effects and may result in losses or
           missed opportunities; the risk that the fund will be unable to sell
        the derivative because of an illiquid secondary market; the risk
          that a counterparty is unwilling or unable to meet its obligation;
and the risk that the derivative transaction could      

                                 DWS International Value Opportunities Fund  | 7

P-->497249th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 249th
        expose the fund to the effects of leverage, which could increase
       the fund's exposure to the market and magnify potential losses.
       There is no guarantee that derivatives, to the extent employed,
      will have the intended effect, and their use could cause lower
         returns or even losses to the fund. The use of derivatives by the
 fund to hedge risk may reduce the opportunity for gain by
    offsetting the positive effect of favorable price movements.

       PRICING RISK. At times, market conditions might make it hard to
      value some investments, and the fund may use certain valuation
     methodologies for some of its investments, such as fair value
         pricing. Given the subjective nature of such methodologies, it is
   possible that the value determined for an investment may be
         different than the value realized upon such investment's sale. If
     the fund has valued its securities too highly, you may end up
          paying too much for fund shares when you buy into the fund. If the
    fund underestimates the price of its securities, you may not
         receive the full market value for your fund shares when you sell.

           SECURITIES LENDING RISK. Any loss in the market price of securities
           loaned by the fund that occurs during the term of the loan would be
borne by the fund and would adversely affect the fund's 
        performance. Also, there may be delays in recovery of securities
    loaned or even a loss of rights in the collateral should the
     borrower of the securities fail financially while the loan is
           outstanding. However, loans will be made only to borrowers selected
   by the fund's delegate after a review of relevant facts and
      circumstances, including the creditworthiness of the borrower.

THE FUND'S PERFORMANCE HISTORY                          

        Since the fund commenced operations on July 5, 2006, performance
information is not available for a full calendar year.  

8 | DWS International Value Opportunities Fund                                  

P-->497250th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 250th
HOW MUCH INVESTORS PAY                                                          

This fund's Class S shares have no sales charges or other shareholder fees      
other than a short-term redemption/exchange fee. This information doesn't       
include any fees that may be charged by your financial advisor. The fund does   
have annual operating expenses, and as a shareholder of Class S shares, you pay 
them indirectly.                                                                

                                                                [Download Table]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
FEE TABLE                                        CLASS S                        
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                
 SHAREHOLDER FEES, paid directly from your investment                           
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Redemption/Exchange fee on shares                                              
 owned less than 15 days (as % of                                               
 redemption proceeds)1                             2.00%                        
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 ANNUAL OPERATING EXPENSES, deducted from fund assets                           
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Management Fee 2                                  0.90%                        
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Distribution/Service (12b-1) Fee                  None                         
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Other Expenses                                    2.43                         
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 TOTAL ANNUAL OPERATING EXPENSES                   3.33                         
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Less Fee Waiver/Expense                                                        
 Reimbursement 3                                   1.97                         
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 NET ANNUAL OPERATING EXPENSES3                    1.36                         
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

1    This fee is charged on all applicable redemptions or exchanges. Please see 
    "Policies You Should Know About - Policies about transactions" for further
information.                                                          

2    Includes 0.10% administration fee.                                         

3    Through November 30, 2008, the advisor has contractually agreed to waive   
all or a portion of its management fee and reimburse or pay operating 
   expenses of the fund to the extent necessary to maintain the fund's total
    operating expenses at 1.32% for Class S shares, excluding certain expenses
such as extraordinary expenses, taxes, brokerage and interest.        

Based on the costs above (including one year of capped expenses in each         
period), this example helps you compare the fund's Class S shares expenses to   
those of other mutual funds. This example assumes the expenses above remain the 
same and that you invested $10,000, earned 5% annual returns, reinvested all    
dividends and distributions and sold your shares at the end of each period.     
This is only an example; actual expenses will be different.                     

                                                                [Download Table]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
EXAMPLE               1 YEAR      3 YEARS      5 YEARS      10 YEARS            
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                
 Class S shares        $138         $840       $1,566       $3,488              
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                 DWS International Value Opportunities Fund  | 9

P-->497251st Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 251st
OTHER POLICIES AND SECONDARY RISKS                                              

     While the previous pages describe the main points of the fund's
     strategy and risks, there are a few other issues to know about:

       -  Although major changes tend to be infrequent, the fund's Board
        could change the fund's investment objective without seeking
 shareholder approval. However, the Board will provide
          shareholders with at least 60 days' notice prior to making any
            changes to the fund's 80% investment policy as described herein.

          -  As a temporary defensive measure, the fund could shift up to 100%
         of assets into investments such as money market securities or
            other short-term securities that offer comparable levels of risk
        This could prevent losses, but, while engaged in a temporary
            defensive position, the fund will not be pursuing its investment
           goal. However, portfolio management may choose not to use these
   strategies for various reasons, even in volatile market
conditions.                                         

        -  The fund may trade actively. This could raise transaction costs
(thus lowering return) and could mean higher taxable
distributions.                                      

Secondary risks                                           

  CREDIT RISK. A fund purchasing bonds faces the risk that the
          creditworthiness of the issuer may decline, causing the value of its
      bonds to decline. In addition, an issuer may not be able to make
       timely payments on the interest and principal on the bonds it has
      issued. In some cases, bonds may decline in credit quality or go
into default.                                             

For more information                                      

    This prospectus doesn't tell you about every policy or risk of
investing in the fund.                                    

         If you want more information on the fund's allowable securities and
         investment practices and the characteristics and risks of each one,
   you may want to request a copy of the Statement of Additional
Information (the back cover tells you how to do this).    

        Keep in mind that there is no assurance that the fund will achieve
its goal.                                                 

10 | Other Policies and Secondary Risks                                         

P-->497252nd Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 252nd
          A complete list of the fund's portfolio holdings is posted as of the
         month-end on www.dws-scudder.com (the Web site does not form a part
          of this prospectus) on or after the last day of the following month.
         This posted information generally remains accessible at least until
     the date on which the fund files its Form N-CSR or N-Q with the
Securities and Exchange                                   
      Commission for the period that includes the date as of which the
    posted information is current. In addition, the fund's top ten
equity holdings and other fund information is posted on   
        www.dws-scudder.com as of the calendar quarter-end on or after the
        15th day following quarter-end. The fund's Statement of Additional
   Information includes a description of the fund's policies and
       procedures with respect to the disclosure of the fund's portfolio
holdings.                                                 

WHO MANAGES AND OVERSEES THE FUND                                               

The investment advisor                                    

 Deutsche Investment Management Americas Inc. ("DIMA" or the
    "Advisor"), with headquarters at 345 Park Avenue, New York, NY
10154, is the investment advisor for the fund. Under the oversight
    of the Board, the Advisor, or the subadvisor, makes investment
    decisions, buys and sells securities for the fund and conducts
   research that leads to these purchase and sale decisions. The
          Advisor provides a full range of global investment advisory services
to institutional and retail clients.                      

    DWS Scudder is part of Deutsche Asset Management, which is the
     marketing name in the US for the asset management activities of
          Deutsche Bank AG, DIMA, Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas and DWS
Trust Company.                                            

         Deutsche Asset Management is a global asset management organization
    that offers a wide range of investing expertise and resources,
         including hundreds of portfolio managers and analysts and an office
     network that reaches the world's major investment centers. This
      well-resourced global investment platform brings together a wide
     variety of experience and investment insight across industries,
regions, asset classes and investing styles.              

                                         Who Manages and Oversees the Fund  | 11

P-->497253rd Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 253rd
          The Advisor is an indirect, wholly owned subsidiary of Deutsche Bank
        AG. Deutsche Bank AG is a major global banking institution that is
         engaged in a wide range of financial services, including investment
       management, mutual funds, retail, private and commercial banking,
investment banking and insurance.                         

          MANAGEMENT FEE. The Advisor receives a management fee from the fund.
          Below is the actual rate paid by the fund for the most recent fiscal
   year, as a percentage of the fund's average daily net assets.

                                                                [Download Table]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
FUND NAME                                                    FEE PAID           
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                
           DWS International Value Opportunities Fund           0.00%*          
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

       *    Reflects the effects of expense limitations and/or fee waivers
then in effect.                                   

        As compensation for its services, DIMA is entitled to receive from
        the fund a fee (based upon the fund's average daily net assets) in
      accordance with the following schedule: 0.800% on the first $500
     million; 0.780% on the next $500 million; 0.760% on the next $1
billion and 0.740% thereafter.                            

      A discussion regarding the basis for the Board's approval of the
          fund's investment management agreement and subadvisory agreement, is
     contained in the shareholder report for the annual period ended
    August 31, 2006 (see "Shareholder reports" on the back cover).

         Under a separate administrative services agreement between the fund
          and the Advisor, the fund pays the Advisor for providing most of the
fund's administrative services.                           

12 | Who Manages and Oversees the Fund                                          

P-->497254th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 254th
Subadvisor for DWS International Value Opportunities Fund 

      The subadvisor for DWS International Value Opportunities Fund is
     Deutsche Asset Management International GmbH ("DeAMi"), Mainzer
    Landstrasse 178-190, Frankfurt am Main, Germany. DeAMi renders
          investment advisory and management services to the fund. DeAMi is an
    investment advisor registered with the Securities and Exchange
        Commission and currently manages over $40 billion in assets, which
     is primarily comprised of institutional accounts and investment
companies. DeAMi is a subsidiary of Deutsche Bank AG. DIMA
      compensates DeAMi out of the management fee it receives from the
fund.                                                     

                                         Who Manages and Oversees the Fund  | 13

P-->497255th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 255th
Portfolio management                                                            

The fund is managed by a team of investment professionals who collaborate to    
develop and implement the fund's investment strategy. Each portfolio manager on 
the team has authority over all aspects of the fund's investment portfolio,     
including but not limited to, purchases and sales of individual securities,     
portfolio construction techniques, portfolio risk assessment, and the           
management of daily cash flows in accordance with portfolio holdings.           

The following people handle the day-to-day management of the fund.              

Klaus Kaldemorgen                                                               
Managing Director of Deutsche Asset Management and Lead Portfolio Manager of    
the fund.                                                                       
- Joined Deutsche Asset Management in 1982 and the fund in 2006.                
- Head of Equities: Germany; senior portfolio manager of international          
equities; Managing Director of DWS Investment GmbH: Frankfurt.              
- Master's degree in economics, Johannes-Gutenberg University, Mainz.           

Carmen Weber, CFA                                                               
Director of Deutsche Asset Management and Portfolio Manager of the fund.        
- Joined Deutsche Asset Management and the fund in 2006.                        
- Senior portfolio manager for Global Equities: Frankfurt.                      
- Prior to that, Head of Growth and Equity Funds at Metzler.                    
- Over 13 years of investment industry experience.                              
- BA, University of Siegen, Germany.                                            

The fund's Statement of Additional Information provides additional information  
about a portfolio manager's investments in the fund, a description of the       
portfolio management compensation structure and information regarding other     
accounts managed.                                                               

14 | Who Manages and Oversees the Fund                                          

P-->497256th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 256th
FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS                                                            

The financial highlights are designed to help you understand recent financial   
performance. The figures in the first part of the table are for a single share. 
The total return figures represent the percentage that an investor in the fund  
would have earned (or lost), assuming all dividends and distributions were      
reinvested. This information has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP,    
independent registered public accounting firm, whose report, along with the     
fund's financial statements, is included in the fund's annual report (see       
"Shareholder reports" on the back cover).                                       

DWS International Value Opportunities Fund - Class S                            

                                                                [Download Table]

YEARS ENDED AUGUST 31,                                   2007           2006a   
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


SELECTED PER SHARE DATA                                                         
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
NET ASSET VALUE, BEGINNING OF PERIOD                  $  10.25         $ 10.00  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Income (loss) from investment operations:                                       
  Net investment income (loss)b                            .21             .03  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Net realized and unrealized gain (loss)                 1.94             .22  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  TOTAL FROM INVESTMENT OPERATIONS                        2.15             .25  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Less distributions from:                                                        
  Net investment income                                 (  .13)              -  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Redemption fees                                          .00***            -  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
NET ASSET VALUE, END OF PERIOD                        $  12.27         $ 10.25  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total Return (%)c                                        21.07            2.50**
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
RATIOS TO AVERAGE NET ASSETS AND SUPPLEMENTAL DATA                              
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net assets, end of period ($ millions)                       4               1  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Ratio of expenses before expense reductions (%)           4.33            9.44* 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Ratio of expenses after expense reductions (%)         1.85d              1.31* 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Ratio of net investment income (loss) (%)                 1.82            1.99* 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Portfolio turnover rate (%)                                127               7**
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

a    For the period from July 5, 2006 (commencement of operations) to August 31,
2006.                                                                 

b    Based on average shares outstanding during the period.                     

c    Total returns would have been lower had certain expenses not been reduced. 

d    Ratio includes interest expense incurred on foreign cash overdrafts.       
  Interest income incurred on domestic cash balances is included in income
    from investment operations. The ratio of expenses after expense reductions
  excluding interest expense was 1.31% for the year ended August 31, 2007.

*    Annualized                                                                 

**   Not annualized                                                             

***  Amount is less than $.005.                                                 

                                                      Financial Highlights  | 15

P-->497257th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 257th
HOW TO INVEST IN THE FUND                                                       

The following pages tell you how to invest in the fund and what to expect as a  
shareholder. If you're investing directly with DWS Scudder, all of this         
information applies to you.                                                     

The following pages also tell you about many of the services, choices and       
benefits of being a shareholder. You'll also find information on how to check   
the status of your account using the method that's most convenient for you.     

If you're investing through a "third party provider" - for example, a workplace 
retirement plan, financial supermarket or financial advisor - your provider may 
have its own policies or instructions and you should follow those.              

Please remember, CLASS S shares are generally only available to new investors   
through fee-based programs of investment dealers that have special agreements   
with the fund's distributor, through certain group retirement plans and through 
certain registered investment advisors. These dealers and advisors typically    
charge ongoing fees for services they provide.                                  

You can find out more about the topics covered here by speaking with your       
FINANCIAL ADVISOR OR A REPRESENTATIVE OF YOUR WORKPLACE RETIREMENT PLAN OR      
OTHER INVESTMENT PROVIDER.                                                      

P-->497258th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 258th
How to Buy, Sell and Exchange Shares                                            

BUYING SHARES: Use these instructions to invest directly. Make out your check   
to "DWS Scudder."                                                               

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 FIRST INVESTMENT                               ADDITIONAL INVESTMENTS                  
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                        
 $2,500 or more for regular accounts           $50 or more for regular accounts and     
 $1,000 or more for IRAs                       IRA accounts                             
 $1,000 or more with an Automatic              $50 or more with an Automatic            
 Investment Plan                               Investment Plan                          
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 BY MAIL OR EXPRESS MAIL (SEE BELOW)                                                    

 -  Fill out and sign an application           Send a DWS Scudder investment slip or    
                                               short note that includes:                
 -  Send it to us at the appropriate                                                    
    address, along with an investment          -  fund and class name                   
    check                                                                               
                                               -  account number                        

                                               -  check payable to "DWS Scudder"        
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 BY WIRE                                                                                

 -  Call (800) 728-3337 for instructions       -  Call (800) 728-3337 for instructions  
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 BY PHONE                                                                               

 Not available                                 -  Call (800) 728-3337 for instructions  
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 WITH AN AUTOMATIC INVESTMENT PLAN                                                      

-  Fill in the information on your             -  To set up regular investments from a  
    application and include a voided check        bank checking account, call           
                                                  (800) 728-3337                        
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 USING QuickBuy                                                                         

 Not available                                 -  Call (800) 728-3337 to make sure      
                                                  QuickBuy is set up on your account; if
                                                  it is, you can request a transfer from
                                                  your bank account of any amount       
                                                  between $50 and $250,000              
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 ON THE INTERNET                                                                        

 -  Go to www.dws-scudder.com                  -  Call (800) 728-3337 to ensure you have
                                                  electronic services                   
 -  Print out a prospectus and a new                                                    
    account application                        -  Register at www.dws-scudder.com       

 -  Complete and return the application        -  Follow the instructions for buying    
    with your check                               shares with money from your bank      
                                                  account                               
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
REGULAR MAIL:                                                                   

First Investment: DWS Scudder, PO Box 219356, Kansas City, MO 64121-9356        
Additional Investments: DWS Scudder, PO Box 219154, Kansas City, MO 64121-9154
EXPRESS, REGISTERED OR CERTIFIED MAIL:                                          
DWS Scudder, 210 West 10th Street, Kansas City, MO 64105-1614                   

                                      How to Buy, Sell and Exchange Shares  | 17

P-->497259th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 259th
EXCHANGING OR SELLING SHARES: Use these instructions to exchange or sell shares 
in an account opened directly with DWS Scudder.                                 

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  
 EXCHANGING INTO ANOTHER FUND                    SELLING SHARES                             
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  
                                                                                            

 -  Exchanges into existing accounts:           Some transactions, including most for       
     $50 minimum per fund                       over $100,000, can only be ordered in       
                                                writing with a signature guarantee;         
 -  Exchanges into new accounts:                please see "Signature Guarantee" for        
    $2,500 minimum per fund                     details                                     
    $1,000 minimum for IRAs                                                                 
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  
 BY PHONE OR WIRE                                                                           

 -  Call (800) 728-3337 for instructions        -  Call (800) 728-3337 for instructions     
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  
 USING THE AUTOMATED INFORMATION LINE                                                       

 -  Call (800) 728-3337 for instructions        -  Call (800) 728-3337 for instructions     
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  
 BY MAIL OR EXPRESS MAIL                                                                    
 (see previous page for address)                                                            

 Your instructions should include:              Your instructions should include:           
 -  the fund, class and account number          -  the fund, class and account number       
    you're exchanging out of                       from which you want to sell shares       

 -  the dollar amount or number of shares       -  the dollar amount or number of shares    
    you want to exchange                           you want to sell                         

 -  the name and class of the fund you          -  your name(s), signature(s) and           
    want to exchange into                          address, as they appear on your          
                                                   account                                  
 -  your name(s), signature(s) and                                                          
    address, as they appear on your             -  a daytime telephone number               
    account                                                                                 

 -  a daytime telephone number                                                              
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  
 WITH AN AUTOMATIC EXCHANGE PLAN                 WITH AN AUTOMATIC WITHDRAWAL PLAN          

 -  To set up regular exchanges from a          -  To set up regular cash payments from     
    fund account, call (800) 728-3337              a DWS fund account, call                 
                                                   (800) 728-3337                           
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  
 USING QuickSell                                                                            

 Not available                                  -  Call (800) 728-3337 to make sure         
                                                   QuickSell is set up on your account; if  
                                                   it is, you can request a transfer to your
                                                   bank account of any amount between       
                                                   $50 and $250,000                         
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  
 ON THE INTERNET                                                                            

 -  Register at www.dws-scudder.com             -  Register at www.dws-scudder.com          

 -  Follow the instructions for making on-      -  Follow the instructions for making on-   
    line exchanges                                 line redemptions                         
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                                                [Download Table]
                                                                              
TO REACH US:  WEB SITE: www.dws-scudder.com                                   
              TELEPHONE REPRESENTATIVE: (800) 728-3337, M-F, 9 a.m.- 6 p.m. ET
              TDD LINE: (800) 972-3006, M-F, 9 a.m.- 6 p.m. ET                

18 | How to Buy, Sell and Exchange Shares                                       

P-->497260th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 260th
Financial intermediary support payments                   

     The Advisor, DWS Scudder Distributors, Inc. (the "Distributor")
     and/or their affiliates may pay additional compensation, out of
      their own assets and not as an additional charge to the fund, to
          selected affiliated and unaffiliated brokers, dealers, participating
       insurance companies or other financial intermediaries ("financial
        advisors") in connection with the sale and/or distribution of fund
         shares or the retention and/or servicing of fund investors and fund
      shares ("revenue sharing"). Such revenue sharing payments are in
         addition to any distribution or service fees payable under any Rule
        12b-1 or service plan of the fund, any record keeping/sub-transfer
       agency/networking fees payable by the fund (generally through the
    Distributor or an affiliate) and/or the Distributor to certain
   financial advisors for performing such services and any sales
        charges, commissions, non-cash compensation arrangements expressly
permitted under applicable rules of the Financial Industry
          Regulatory Authority ("FINRA") or other concessions described in the
   fee table or elsewhere in this prospectus or the Statement of
      Additional Information as payable to all financial advisors. For
       example, the Advisor, the Distributor and/or their affiliates may
      compensate financial advisors for providing the fund with "shelf
         space" or access to a third party platform or fund offering list or
        other marketing programs, including, without limitation, inclusion
      of the fund on preferred or recommended sales lists, mutual fund
       "supermarket" platforms and other formal sales programs; granting
    the Distributor access to the financial advisor's sales force;
granting the Distributor access to the financial advisor's
        conferences and meetings; assistance in training and educating the
 financial advisor's personnel; and obtaining other forms of
marketing support.                                        

          The level of revenue sharing payments made to financial advisors may
        be a fixed fee or based upon one or more of the following factors:
       gross sales, current assets and/or number of accounts of the fund
        attributable to the financial advisor, the particular fund or fund
         type or other measures as agreed to by the Advisor, the Distributor
and/or their affiliates and the financial advisors or any 
          combination thereof. The amount of these revenue sharing payments is
         determined at the discretion of the Advisor, the Distributor and/or
        their affiliates from time to time, may be substantial, and may be
       different for different financial advisors based on, for example,
   the nature of the services provided by the financial advisor.

                                      How to Buy, Sell and Exchange Shares  | 19

P-->497261st Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 261st
         The Advisor, the Distributor and/or their affiliates currently make
       revenue sharing payments from their own assets in connection with
      the sale and/or distribution of DWS Fund shares or the retention
    and/or servicing of investors and DWS Fund shares to financial
      advisors in amounts that generally range from .01% up to .50% of
          assets of the fund serviced and maintained by the financial advisor,
     .10% to .25% of sales of the fund attributable to the financial
       advisor, a flat fee of $12,500 up to $500,000, or any combination
       thereof. These amounts are subject to change at the discretion of
          the Advisor, the Distributor and/or their affiliates. Receipt of, or
 the prospect of receiving, this additional compensation may
         influence your financial advisor's recommendation of the fund or of
    any particular share class of the fund. You should review your
     financial advisor's compensation disclosure and/or talk to your
financial advisor to obtain more information on how this  
compensation may have influenced your financial advisor's 
        recommendation of the fund. Additional information regarding these
     revenue sharing payments is included in the fund's Statement of
        Additional Information, which is available to you on request at no
        charge (see the back cover of this prospectus for more information
on how to request a copy of the Statement of Additional   
Information).                                             

        The Advisor, the Distributor and/or their affiliates may also make
         such revenue sharing payments to financial advisors under the terms
     discussed above in connection with the distribution of both DWS
       funds and non-DWS funds by financial advisors to retirement plans
   that obtain record keeping services from ADP, Inc. on the DWS
        Scudder branded retirement plan platform (the "Platform") with the
          level of revenue sharing payments being based upon sales of both the
     DWS funds and the non-DWS funds by the financial advisor on the
      Platform or current assets of both the DWS funds and the non-DWS
   funds serviced and maintained by the financial advisor on the
Platform.                                                 

          It is likely that broker-dealers that execute portfolio transactions
      for the fund will include firms that also sell shares of the DWS
      funds to their customers. However, the Advisor will not consider
sales of DWS fund shares as a factor in the selection of  
         broker-dealers to execute portfolio transactions for the DWS funds.
      Accordingly, the Advisor has implemented policies and procedures
          reasonably designed to prevent its traders from considering sales of
DWS fund shares as a factor in the selection of           

20 | How to Buy, Sell and Exchange Shares                                       

P-->497262nd Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 262nd
       broker-dealers to execute portfolio transactions for the fund. In
         addition, the Advisor, the Distributor and/or their affiliates will
   not use fund brokerage to pay for their obligation to provide
       additional compensation to financial advisors as described above.

POLICIES YOU SHOULD KNOW ABOUT 

          Along with the information on the previous pages, the policies below
        may affect you as a shareholder. Some of this information, such as
       the section on distributions and taxes, applies to all investors,
including those investing through a financial advisor.    

   If you are investing through a financial advisor or through a
       retirement plan, check the materials you received from them about
         how to buy and sell shares because particular financial advisors or
        other intermediaries may adopt policies, procedures or limitations
          that are separate from those described by the fund. Please note that
        a financial advisor may charge fees separate from those charged by
the fund and may be compensated by the fund.              

          Keep in mind that the information in this prospectus applies only to
     the shares offered herein. Other share classes are described in
     separate prospectuses and have different fees, requirements and
services.                                                 

          In order to reduce the amount of mail you receive and to help reduce
         expenses, we generally send a single copy of any shareholder report
         and prospectus to each household. If you do not want the mailing of
         these documents to be combined with those for other members of your
    household, please contact your financial advisor or call (800)
728-3337.                                                 

Policies about transactions                               

        THE FUND IS OPEN FOR BUSINESS each day the New York Stock Exchange
       is open. The fund calculates its share price for each class every
      business day, as of the close of regular trading on the New York
     Stock Exchange (typically 4:00 p.m. Eastern time, but sometimes
          earlier, as in the case of scheduled half-day trading or unscheduled
    suspensions of trading). You can place an order to buy or sell
shares at any time.                                       

THE FOLLOWING SIDEBAR TEXT APPEARS NEXT TO THE PRECEDING PARAGRAPHS             

Questions? You can speak to a DWS Scudder representative between 9 a.m. and 6   
p.m. Eastern time on any fund business day by calling (800) 728-3337.           

                                            Policies You Should Know About  | 21

P-->497263rd Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 263rd
     To help the government fight the funding of terrorism and money
laundering activities, federal law requires all financial 
institutions to obtain, verify and record information that
          identifies each person who opens an account. What this means to you:
        When you open an account, we will ask for your name, address, date
        of birth and other information that will allow us to identify you.
         Some or all of this information will be used to verify the identity
of all persons opening an account.                        

          We might request additional information about you (which may include
         certain documents, such as articles of incorporation for companies)
         to help us verify your identity and, in some cases, the information
       and/or documents may be required to conduct the verification. The
  information and documents will be used solely to verify your
identity.                                                 

   We will attempt to collect any missing required and requested
        information by contacting you or your financial advisor. If we are
          unable to obtain this information within the time frames established
 by the fund, then we may reject your application and order.

   The fund will not invest your purchase until all required and
     requested identification information has been provided and your
          application has been submitted in "good order." After we receive all
         the information, your application is deemed to be in good order and
       we accept your purchase, you will receive the net asset value per
share next calculated.                                    

 If we are unable to verify your identity within time frames
      established by the fund, after a reasonable effort to do so, you
will receive written notification.                        

          With certain limited exceptions, only US residents may invest in the
fund.                                                     

         Because orders placed through a financial advisor must be forwarded
        to the transfer agent before they can be processed, you'll need to
         allow extra time. Your financial advisor should be able to tell you
approximately when your order will be processed. It is the
       responsibility of your financial advisor to forward your order to
the transfer agent in a timely manner.                    

        INITIAL PURCHASE. The minimum initial investment is $2,500, except
        for investments on behalf of participants in certain fee-based and
    wrap programs offered through certain financial intermediaries
approved by the Advisor, for which there is no            
     minimum initial investment; and fiduciary accounts such as IRAs

22 | Policies You Should Know About                                             

P-->497264th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 264th
    and custodial accounts such as Uniform Gifts to Minors Act and
    Uniform Transfers to Minors Act accounts for which the minimum
        initial investment is $1,000 per account. In addition, the minimum
         initial investment is $1,000 if an automatic investment plan of $50
        per month is established. Group retirement plans and certain other
        accounts have similar or lower minimum share balance requirements.

        SUB-MINIMUM BALANCES. The fund may close your account and send you
     the proceeds if your balance falls below $2,500 ($1,000 with an
    Automatic Investment Plan funded with $50 or more per month in
         subsequent investments); $250 for retirement accounts. We will give
      you 60 days' notice (90 days for retirement accounts) so you can
        either increase your balance or close your account (these policies
        don't apply to investors with $100,000 or more in DWS fund shares,
      investors in certain fee-based and wrap programs offered through
        certain financial intermediaries approved by the Advisor, or group
      retirement plans and certain other accounts having lower minimum
share balance requirements).                              

          Because of the high cost of servicing accounts with low balances, an
         account maintenance fee of $6.25 per quarter (for a $25 annual fee)
          will be assessed on accounts whose balances fail to meet the minimum
         initial investment requirement for a period of 90 days prior to the
          assessment date. The quarterly assessment will occur on or about the
       15th of the last month in each calendar quarter. Please note that
          the fee will be assessed on accounts that fall below the minimum for
         any reason, including due to market value fluctuations, redemptions
 or exchanges. The account maintenance fee will apply to all
          shareholders of the DWS Funds except for: accounts with an automatic
    investment plan, accounts held in an omnibus account through a
financial services firm, accounts maintained on behalf of 
         participants in certain fee based and wrap programs offered through
certain financial intermediaries approved by the Advisor, 
      participant level accounts in group retirement plans held on the
records of a retirement plan record keeper.               

       SUBSEQUENT INVESTMENTS. The minimum subsequent investment is $50.
        However, there is no minimum investment requirement for subsequent
         investments on behalf of participants in certain fee-based and wrap
        programs offered through certain financial intermediaries approved
by the Advisor.                                           

                                            Policies You Should Know About  | 23

P-->497265th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 265th
 MARKET TIMING POLICIES AND PROCEDURES. Short-term and excessive
         trading of fund shares may present risks to long-term shareholders,
including potential dilution in the value of fund shares, 
        interference with the efficient management of the fund's portfolio
     (including losses on the sale of investments), taxable gains to
       remaining shareholders and increased brokerage and administrative
      costs. These risks may be more pronounced if the fund invests in
          certain securities, such as those that trade in foreign markets, are
 illiquid or do not otherwise have "readily available market
          quotations." Certain investors may seek to employ short-term trading
      strategies aimed at exploiting variations in portfolio valuation
          that arise from the nature of the securities held by the fund (e.g.,
 "time zone arbitrage"). The fund discourages short-term and
        excessive trading and has adopted policies and procedures that are
    intended to detect and deter short-term and excessive trading.

        Pursuant to its policies, the fund will impose a 2% redemption fee
  on fund shares held for less than a specified holding period
      (subject to certain exceptions discussed below under "Redemption
fees"). The fund also reserves the right to reject or cancel a
         purchase or exchange order for any reason without prior notice. For
         example, the fund may in its discretion reject or cancel a purchase
        or an exchange order even if the transaction is not subject to the
      specific roundtrip transaction limitation described below if the
          Advisor believes that there appears to be a pattern of short-term or
    excessive trading activity by a shareholder or deems any other
   trading activity harmful or disruptive to the fund. The fund,
         through its Advisor and Transfer Agent, will measure short-term and
        excessive trading by the number of roundtrip transactions within a
shareholder's account during a rolling 12-month period. A 
       "roundtrip" transaction is defined as any combination of purchase
      and redemption activity (including exchanges) of the same fund's
          shares. The fund may take other trading activity into account if the
          fund believes such activity is of an amount or frequency that may be
  harmful to long-term shareholders or disruptive to portfolio
management.                                               

         Shareholders are limited to four roundtrip transactions in the same
     DWS Fund (excluding money market funds) over a rolling 12-month
          period. Shareholders with four or more roundtrip transactions in the
      same DWS Fund within a rolling 12-month period generally will be
          blocked from making additional purchases of, or exchanges into, that
      DWS Fund. The fund has sole discretion whether to remove a block
from a shareholder's                                      

24 | Policies You Should Know About                                             

P-->497266th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 266th
         account. The rights of a shareholder to redeem shares of a DWS Fund
        are not affected by the four roundtrip transaction limitation, but
        all redemptions remain subject to the fund's redemption fee policy
(see "Redemption fees" described below).                  

         The Advisor may make exceptions to the roundtrip transaction policy
          for certain types of transactions if in its opinion the transactions
         do not represent short-term or excessive trading or are not abusive
     or harmful to the fund, such as, but not limited to, systematic
transactions, required minimum retirement distributions,  
          transactions initiated by the fund or administrator and transactions
by certain qualified fund-of-fund(s).                     

         In certain circumstances where shareholders hold shares of the fund
  through a financial intermediary, the fund may rely upon the
      financial intermediary's policy to deter short-term or excessive
       trading if the Advisor believes that the financial intermediary's
         policy is reasonably designed to detect and deter transactions that
are not in the best interests of the fund. A financial    
       intermediary's policy relating to short-term or excessive trading
     may be more or less restrictive than the DWS Funds' policy, may
 permit certain transactions not permitted by the DWS Funds'
      policies, or prohibit transactions not subject to the DWS Funds'
policies.                                                 

The Advisor may also accept undertakings from a financial 
         intermediary to enforce short-term or excessive trading policies on
      behalf of the fund that provide a substantially similar level of
     protection for the fund against such transactions. For example,
     certain financial intermediaries may have contractual, legal or
          operational restrictions that prevent them from blocking an account.
     In such instances, the financial intermediary may use alternate
         techniques that the Advisor considers to be a reasonable substitute
for such a block.                                         

    In addition, if the fund invests some portion of its assets in
         foreign securities, it has adopted certain fair valuation practices
          intended to protect the fund from "time zone arbitrage" with respect
         to its foreign securities holdings and other trading practices that
       seek to exploit variations in portfolio valuation that arise from
       the nature of the securities held by the fund. (See "How the fund
calculates share price.")                                 

      There is no assurance that these policies and procedures will be
          effective in limiting short-term and excessive trading in all cases.
      For example, the Advisor may not be able to effectively monitor,
   detect or limit short-term or excessive trading by underlying

                                            Policies You Should Know About  | 25

P-->497267th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 267th
     shareholders that occurs through omnibus accounts maintained by
   broker-dealers or other financial intermediaries. The Advisor
        reviews trading activity at the omnibus level to detect short-term
     or excessive trading. If the Advisor has reason to suspect that
        short-term or excessive trading is occurring at the omnibus level,
    the Advisor will contact the financial intermediary to request
       underlying shareholder level activity. Depending on the amount of
         fund shares held in such omnibus accounts (which may represent most
       of the fund's shares) short-term and/or excessive trading of fund
          shares could adversely affect long-term shareholders in the fund. If
          short-term or excessive trading is identified, the Advisor will take
appropriate action.                                       

         The fund's market timing policies and procedures may be modified or
terminated at any time.                                   

REDEMPTION FEES. The fund imposes a redemption fee of 2% of the
         total redemption amount (calculated at net asset value) on all fund
        shares redeemed or exchanged within 15 days of buying them (either
          by purchase or exchange). The redemption fee is paid directly to the
          fund and is designed to encourage long-term investment and to offset
         transaction and other costs associated with short-term or excessive
     trading. For purposes of determining whether the redemption fee
    applies, shares held the longest time will be treated as being
         redeemed first and shares held the shortest time will be treated as
being redeemed last.                                      

      The redemption fee is applicable to fund shares purchased either
directly or through a financial intermediary, such as a   
  broker-dealer. Transactions through financial intermediaries
        typically are placed with the fund on an omnibus basis and include
      both purchase and sale transactions placed on behalf of multiple
          investors. These purchase and sale transactions are generally netted
        against one another and placed on an aggregate basis; consequently
        the identities of the individuals on whose behalf the transactions
          are placed generally are not known to the fund. For this reason, the
     fund has undertaken to notify financial intermediaries of their
         obligation to assess the redemption fee on customer accounts and to
 collect and remit the proceeds to the fund. However, due to
        operational requirements, the intermediaries' methods for tracking
          and calculating the fee may be inadequate or differ in some respects
from the fund's.                                          

THE FOLLOWING SIDEBAR TEXT APPEARS NEXT TO THE PRECEDING PARAGRAPHS             

The DWS Scudder Web site can be a valuable resource for shareholders with       
Internet access. Go to WWW.DWS-SCUDDER.COM to get up-to-date information, review
balances or even place orders for exchanges.                                    

26 | Policies You Should Know About                                             

P-->497268th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 268th
   The redemption fee will not be charged in connection with the
        following exchange or redemption transactions: (i) transactions on
    behalf of participants in certain research wrap programs; (ii)
        transactions on behalf of participants in certain group retirement
       plans whose processing systems are incapable of properly applying
          the redemption fee to underlying shareholders; (iii) transactions on
       behalf of a shareholder to return any excess IRA contributions to
      the shareholder; (iv) transactions on behalf of a shareholder to
        effect a required minimum distribution on an IRA; (v) transactions
 on behalf of any mutual fund advised by the Advisor and its
affiliates (e.g., "funds of funds") or, in the case of a  
         master/feeder relationship, redemptions by the feeder fund from the
master portfolio; (vi) transactions on behalf of certain  
  unaffiliated mutual funds operating as funds of funds; (vii)
  transactions following death or disability of any registered
     shareholder, beneficial owner or grantor of a living trust with
    respect to shares purchased before death or disability; (viii)
         transactions involving hardship of any registered shareholder; (ix)
         systematic transactions with pre-defined trade dates for purchases,
         exchanges or redemptions, such as automatic account rebalancing, or
        loan origination and repayments; (x) transactions involving shares
purchased through the reinvestment of dividends or other  
        distributions; (xi) transactions involving shares transferred from
         another account in the same fund or converted from another class of
     the same fund (the redemption fee period will carry over to the
   acquired shares); (xii) transactions initiated by the fund or
        administrator (e.g., redemptions for not meeting account minimums,
         to pay account fees funded by share redemptions, or in the event of
       the liquidation or merger of the fund); or (xiii) transactions in
cases when there are legal or contractual limitations or  
         restrictions on the imposition of the redemption fee (as determined
    by the fund or its agents in their sole discretion). It is the
        policy of the DWS funds to permit approved fund platform providers
          to execute transactions within the funds without the imposition of a
   redemption fee if such providers have implemented alternative
        measures that are determined by the Advisor to provide controls on
     short-term and excessive trading that are comparable to the DWS
funds' policies.                                          

   THE AUTOMATED INFORMATION LINE IS AVAILABLE 24 HOURS A DAY BY
         CALLING (800) 728-3337. You can use our automated phone services to
          get information on DWS funds generally and on accounts held directly
         at DWS Scudder. You can also use this service to make exchanges and
sell shares.                                              

                                            Policies You Should Know About  | 27

P-->497269th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 269th
     QUICKBUY AND QUICKSELL let you set up a link between a DWS fund
          account and a bank account. Once this link is in place, you can move
       money between the two with a phone call. You'll need to make sure
         your bank has Automated Clearing House (ACH) services. Transactions
       take two to three days to be completed and there is a $50 minimum
      and a $250,000 maximum. To set up QuickBuy or QuickSell on a new
    account, see the account application; to add it to an existing
account, call (800) 728-3337.                             

TELEPHONE AND ELECTRONIC TRANSACTIONS. Generally, you are 
    automatically entitled to telephone and electronic transaction
       privileges, but you may elect not to have them when you open your
          account or by contacting Shareholder Services at (800) 728-3337 at a
later date.                                               

Since many transactions may be initiated by telephone or  
          electronically, it's important to understand that as long as we take
    reasonable steps to ensure that an order to purchase or redeem
shares is genuine, such as recording calls or requesting  
  personalized security codes or other information, we are not
responsible for any losses that may occur as a result. For
         transactions conducted over the Internet, we recommend the use of a
          secure Internet browser. In addition, you should verify the accuracy
         of your confirmation statements immediately after you receive them.

THE FUND DOES NOT ISSUE SHARE CERTIFICATES.               

          WHEN YOU ASK US TO SEND OR RECEIVE A WIRE, please note that while we
          don't charge a fee to send or receive wires, it's possible that your
         bank may do so. Wire transactions are generally completed within 24
      hours. The fund can only send wires of $1,000 or more and accept
wires of $50 or more.                                     

      THE FUND ACCEPTS PAYMENT FOR SHARES ONLY IN US DOLLARS by check,
         bank or Federal Funds wire transfer or by electronic bank transfer.
   Please note that the fund does not accept cash, money orders,
traveler's checks, starter checks, third party checks     
         (except checks for retirement plan asset transfers and rollovers or
     for Uniform Gifts to Minors Act/Uniform Transfers to Minors Act
         accounts), checks drawn on foreign banks or checks issued by credit
      card companies or Internet-based companies. Thus, subject to the
          foregoing exceptions for certain third party checks, checks that are
    otherwise permissible must be drawn by the account holder on a
domestic bank and must be payable to the fund.            

THE FOLLOWING SIDEBAR TEXT APPEARS NEXT TO THE PRECEDING PARAGRAPHS             

If you ever have difficulty placing an order by phone or Internet, you can send 
us your order in writing.                                                       

28 | Policies You Should Know About                                             

P-->497270th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 270th
 SIGNATURE GUARANTEE. When you want to sell more than $100,000 worth
      of shares or send proceeds to a third party or to a new address,
      you'll usually need to place your order in writing and include a
     signature guarantee. However, if you want money wired to a bank
         account that is already on file with us, you don't need a signature
         guarantee. Also, generally you don't need a signature guarantee for
an exchange, although we may require one in certain other 
circumstances.                                            

         A signature guarantee is simply a certification of your signature -
 a valuable safeguard against fraud. You can get a signature
 guarantee from an eligible guarantor institution, including
          commercial banks, savings and loans, trust companies, credit unions,
member firms of a national stock exchange or any member or
       participant of an approved signature guarantor program. Note that
          you can't get a signature guarantee from a notary public and we must
be provided the original guarantee.                       

   SELLING SHARES OF TRUST ACCOUNTS AND BUSINESS OR ORGANIZATION
      ACCOUNTS may require additional documentation. Please call (800)
      728-3337 or contact your financial advisor for more information.

         MONEY FROM SHARES YOU SELL is normally sent out within one business
    day of when your order is processed (not when it is received),
        although it could be delayed for up to seven days. There are other
        circumstances when it could be longer: When you are selling shares
        you bought recently by check (redemption proceeds from such a sale
 are unavailable until the check has cleared), when you make
        purchases by ACH (the funds will be placed under a 10 calendar day
         hold to ensure good funds) or when unusual circumstances prompt the
         SEC to allow further delays. Certain expedited redemption processes
        may also be delayed when you are selling recently purchased shares
   or in the event of closing of the Federal Reserve Bank's wire
         payment system. In addition, the fund reserves the right to suspend
or postpone redemptions as permitted pursuant to          
     Section 22(e) of the Investment Company Act of 1940. Generally,
    those circumstances are when 1) the New York Stock Exchange is
         closed other than customary weekend or holiday closings; 2) trading
          on the New York Stock Exchange is restricted; 3) an emergency exists
          which makes the disposal of securities owned by the fund or the fair
        determination of the value of the fund's net assets not reasonably
         practicable; or 4) the SEC, by order, permits the suspension of the
right of                                                  

                                            Policies You Should Know About  | 29

P-->497271st Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 271st
        redemption. Redemption payments by wire may also be delayed in the
        event of a non-routine closure of the Federal Reserve wire payment
    system. For additional rights reserved by the fund, please see
"Other rights we reserve."                                

         You may obtain additional information about other ways to sell your
shares by contacting your financial advisor.              

How the fund calculates share price                       

     To calculate net asset value, or NAV, each share class uses the
following equation:                                       

                                                                [Download Table]

 TOTAL ASSETS - TOTAL LIABILITIES                    
-----------------------------------------    =    NAV
    TOTAL NUMBER OF SHARES OUTSTANDING               

The price at which you buy and sell shares is the NAV.    

      THE FUND CHARGES A REDEMPTION FEE EQUAL TO 2.00% of the value of
         shares redeemed or exchanged within 15 days of purchase. Please see
 "Policies about transactions - Redemption fees" for further
information.                                              

     WE TYPICALLY VALUE SECURITIES USING INFORMATION FURNISHED BY AN
          INDEPENDENT PRICING SERVICE OR MARKET QUOTATIONS, WHERE APPROPRIATE.
         However, we may use methods approved by the fund's Board, such as a
         fair valuation model, which are intended to reflect fair value when
      pricing service information or market quotations are not readily
         available or when a security's value or a meaningful portion of the
       value of the fund's portfolio is believed to have been materially
     affected by a significant event, such as a natural disaster, an
economic event like a bankruptcy filing, or a substantial 
          fluctuation in domestic or foreign markets that has occurred between
  the close of the exchange or market on which the security is
        principally traded (for example, a foreign exchange or market) and
          the close of the New York Stock Exchange. In such a case, the fund's
         value for a security is likely to be different from the last quoted
          market price or pricing service information. In addition, due to the
          subjective and variable nature of fair value pricing, it is possible
        that the value determined for a particular asset may be materially
     different from the value realized upon such asset's sale. It is
     expected that the greater the percentage of fund assets that is
invested                                                  

30 | Policies You Should Know About                                             

P-->497272nd Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 272nd
        in non-US securities, the more extensive will be the fund's use of
        fair value pricing. This is intended to reduce the fund's exposure
        to "time zone arbitrage" and other harmful trading practices. (See
"Market timing policies and procedures.")                 

       TO THE EXTENT THAT THE FUND INVESTS IN SECURITIES THAT ARE TRADED
          PRIMARILY IN FOREIGN MARKETS, the value of its holdings could change
        at a time when you aren't able to buy or sell fund shares. This is
        because some foreign markets are open on days or at times when the
          fund doesn't price its shares. (Note that prices for securities that
          trade on foreign exchanges can change significantly on days when the
       New York Stock Exchange is closed and you cannot buy or sell fund
          shares. Price changes in the securities the fund owns may ultimately
affect the price of fund shares the next time the NAV is  
calculated.)                                              

Other rights we reserve                                   

You should be aware that we may do any of the following:  

-  withdraw or suspend the offering of shares at any time 

         -  withhold a portion of your distributions and redemption proceeds
          as federal income tax if we have been notified by the IRS that
           you are subject to backup withholding or if you fail to provide
           us with a correct taxpayer ID number and certain certifications
        or certification that you are exempt from backup withholding

  -  reject a new account application if you don't provide any
           required or requested identifying information, or for any other
reason                                              

         -  refuse, cancel, limit or rescind any purchase or exchange order,
             without prior notice; freeze any account (meaning you will not be
          able to purchase fund shares in your account); suspend account
          services; and/or involuntarily redeem your account if we think
    that the account is being used for fraudulent or illegal
             purposes; one or more of these actions will be taken when, at our
     sole discretion, they are deemed to be in the fund's best
            interests or when the fund is requested or compelled to do so by
governmental authority or by applicable law         

                                            Policies You Should Know About  | 31

P-->497273rd Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 273rd
         -  close and liquidate your account if we are unable to verify your
      identity, or for other reasons; if we decide to close your
             account, your fund shares will be redeemed at the net asset value
      per share next calculated after we determine to close your
             account (less any applicable redemption fee); you may recognize a
          gain or loss on the redemption of your fund shares and incur a
tax liability                                       

        -  pay you for shares you sell by "redeeming in kind," that is, by
         giving you securities (which typically will involve brokerage
           costs for you to liquidate) rather than cash, but which will be
         taxable to the same extent as a redemption for cash; the fund
          generally won't make a redemption in kind unless your requests
            over a 90-day period total more than $250,000 or 1% of the value
of the fund's net assets, whichever is less         

   -  change, add or withdraw various services, fees and account
      policies (for example, we may adjust the fund's investment
minimums at any time)                               

32 | Policies You Should Know About                                             

P-->497274th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 274th
UNDERSTANDING DISTRIBUTIONS AND TAXES                                           

         The fund intends to distribute to its shareholders virtually all of
         its net earnings. The fund can earn money in two ways: by receiving
         interest, dividends or other income from securities it holds and by
    selling securities for more than it paid for them. (The fund's
       earnings are separate from any gains or losses stemming from your
     own purchase and sale of shares.) The fund may not always pay a
dividend or distribution for a given period.              

THE FUND INTENDS TO PAY DIVIDENDS AND DISTRIBUTIONS to its
       shareholders annually in December and, if necessary, may do so at
other times as well.                                      

          Dividends or distributions declared to shareholders of record in the
          last quarter of a given calendar year are treated for federal income
        tax purposes as if they were received on December 31 of that year,
         provided such dividends or distributions are paid by the end of the
following January.                                        

For federal income tax purposes, income and capital gains 
 distributions are generally taxable. However, dividends and
   distributions received by retirement plans qualifying for tax
   exemption under federal income tax laws generally will not be
taxable.                                                  

     YOU CAN CHOOSE HOW TO RECEIVE YOUR DIVIDENDS AND DISTRIBUTIONS.
       You can have them all automatically reinvested in fund shares (at
      NAV), all deposited directly to your bank account or all sent to
      you by check, have one type reinvested and the other sent to you
      by check or have them invested in a different fund. Tell us your
preference on your application. If you don't indicate a   
preference, your dividends and distributions will all be  
 reinvested in shares of the fund without a sales charge (if
 applicable). Distributions are treated the same for federal
      income tax purposes whether you receive them in cash or reinvest
 them in additional shares. For employer-sponsored qualified
    plans, and retirement plans, reinvestment (at NAV) is the only
option.                                                   

         BUYING, SELLING OR EXCHANGING FUND SHARES WILL USUALLY HAVE FEDERAL
   INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES FOR YOU (except in employer-sponsored
        qualified plans, IRAs or other tax-advantaged accounts). Your sale
of shares may result in a capital                         

THE FOLLOWING SIDEBAR TEXT APPEARS NEXT TO THE PRECEDING PARAGRAPHS             

Because each shareholder's tax situation is unique, ask your tax professional   
about the tax consequences of your investments, including any state and local   
tax consequences.                                                               

                                     Understanding Distributions and Taxes  | 33

P-->497275th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 275th
    gain or loss. The gain or loss will be long-term or short-term
    depending on how long you owned the shares that were sold. For
       federal income tax purposes, an exchange is treated the same as a
sale.                                                     

          THE FEDERAL INCOME TAX STATUS of the fund's earnings you receive and
your own fund transactions generally depend on their type:

                                                                [Download Table]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
GENERALLY TAXED AT LONG-TERM                  GENERALLY TAXED AT ORDINARY       
CAPITAL GAIN RATES:                           INCOME RATES:                     
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

DISTRIBUTIONS FROM THE FUND                                                     

- gains from the sale of                   -  gains from the sale of            
  securities held (or treated as              securities held by the fund for   
  held) by the fund for more                  one year or less                  
  than one year                            -  all other taxable income          
- qualified dividend income                                                     
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
TRANSACTIONS INVOLVING FUND                                                     
SHARES                                                                          

- gains from selling fund                  -  gains from selling fund           
  shares held for more than                   shares held for one year or       
  one year                                    less                              
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

     ANY DIRECT INVESTMENTS IN FOREIGN SECURITIES BY THE FUND MAY BE
          SUBJECT TO FOREIGN WITHHOLDING TAXES. In that case, the fund's yield
          on those securities would generally be decreased. The fund may elect
   to pass through to its shareholders a credit or deduction for
          foreign taxes it has paid if at the end of its year more than 50% of
 the fund's total assets are stocks or securities of foreign
         corporations. In addition, any investments in foreign securities or
          foreign currencies may increase or accelerate the fund's recognition
          of ordinary income and may affect the timing or amount of the fund's
         distributions. If you invest in the fund through a taxable account,
your after-tax return could be negatively impacted.       

        To the extent that the fund invests in certain debt obligations or
   certain other securities, investments in these obligations or
         securities may cause the fund to recognize taxable income in excess
        of the cash generated by such obligations. Thus, the fund could be
          required at times to liquidate other investments in order to satisfy
its distribution requirements.                            

          For taxable years beginning before January 1, 2011, distributions to
          individuals and other noncorporate shareholders of investment income
          designated by the fund as derived from qualified dividend income are
eligible for taxation for federal                         

34 | Understanding Distributions and Taxes                                      

P-->497276th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 276th
      income tax purposes at the more favorable long-term capital gain
        rates. Qualified dividend income generally includes dividends from
        domestic and some foreign corporations. It does not include income
       from investments in debt securities or, generally, from REITs. In
   addition, the fund must meet certain holding period and other
    requirements with respect to the dividend-paying stocks in its
        portfolio and the shareholder must meet certain holding period and
        other requirements with respect to the fund's shares for the lower
       tax rates to apply. Because the fund will invest in both long and
    short positions in equity securities, it is anticipated that a
          smaller portion of the income dividends paid to you by the fund will
     be qualified dividend income eligible for taxation at long-term
         capital gain rates than if the fund invested in only long positions
in equity securities.                                     

     For taxable years beginning before January 1, 2011, the maximum
federal income tax rate imposed on long-term capital gains
       recognized by individuals and other noncorporate shareholders has
          been reduced to 15%. For taxable years beginning on or after January
1, 2011, the long-term capital gain rate is scheduled to return to
20%. For more information, see the Statement of Additional
Information, under "Taxes."
     YOUR FUND WILL SEND YOU DETAILED FEDERAL INCOME TAX INFORMATION
         EVERY JANUARY. These statements tell you the amount and the federal
     income tax classification of any dividends or distributions you
          received. They also have certain details on your purchases and sales
of shares.                                                

    IF YOU INVEST RIGHT BEFORE THE FUND PAYS A DIVIDEND, you'll be
         getting some of your investment back as a taxable dividend. You can
    avoid this by investing after the fund declares a dividend. In
       tax-advantaged retirement accounts you do not need to worry about
this.                                                     

     CORPORATIONS are taxed at the same rates on ordinary income and
 capital gains, but may be eligible for a dividends-received
       deduction for a portion of the income dividends they receive from
          the fund, provided certain holding period and other requirements are
met.                                                      

   The above discussion is applicable to shareholders who are US
      persons. If you are a non-US person, please consult your own tax
  advisor with respect to the US tax consequences to you of an
investment in the fund.                                   

                                     Understanding Distributions and Taxes  | 35

P-->497277th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 277th
APPENDIX                                                                        
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Hypothetical Expense Summary                              

         Using the annual fund operating expense ratios presented in the fee
     tables in the fund prospectus, the Hypothetical Expense Summary
          shows the estimated fees and expenses, in actual dollars, that would
         be charged on a hypothetical investment of $10,000 in the fund held
       for the next 10 years and the impact of such fees and expenses on
       fund returns for each year and cumulatively, assuming a 5% return
  for each year. The tables also assume that all dividends and
        distributions are reinvested. The annual fund expense ratios shown
          are net of any contractual fee waivers or expense reimbursements, if
          any, for the period of the contractual commitment. The tables do not
reflect redemption fees, if any, which may be payable upon
  redemption. If redemption fees were shown, the "Hypothetical
      Year-End Balance After Fees and Expenses" amounts shown would be
     lower and the "Annual Fees and Expenses" amounts shown would be
         higher. Also, please note that if you are investing through a third
       party provider, that provider may have fees and expenses separate
          from those of the fund that are not reflected here. Mutual fund fees
        and expenses fluctuate over time and actual expenses may be higher
or lower than those shown.                                

         The Hypothetical Expense Summary should not be used or construed as
an offer to sell, a solicitation of an offer to buy or a  
    recommendation or endorsement of any specific mutual fund. You
   should carefully review the fund's prospectus to consider the
          investment objectives, risks, expenses and charges of the fund prior
to investing.                                             

36 | Appendix                                                                   

P-->497278th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 278th
DWS International Value Opportunities Fund - Class S  

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

              MAXIMUM           INITIAL HYPOTHETICAL                 ASSUMED RATE             
           SALES CHARGE:             INVESTMENT:                      OF RETURN:              
               0.00%                   $10,000                            5%                  
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                              HYPOTHETICAL                    
             CUMULATIVE        ANNUAL       CUMULATIVE          YEAR-END                      
           RETURN BEFORE        FUND       RETURN AFTER      BALANCE AFTER      ANNUAL FEES   
              FEES AND        EXPENSE        FEES AND           FEES AND            AND       
YEAR          EXPENSES         RATIOS        EXPENSES           EXPENSES         EXPENSES     
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                              
   1            5.00%        1.36%              3.64%       $ 10,364.00        $   138.48     
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   2           10.25%        3.33%              5.37%       $ 10,537.08        $   348.00     
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   3           15.76%        3.33%              7.13%       $ 10,713.05        $   353.81     
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   4           21.55%        3.33%              8.92%       $ 10,891.96        $   359.72     
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   5           27.63%        3.33%             10.74%       $ 11,073.85        $   365.73     
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   6           34.01%        3.33%             12.59%       $ 11,258.78        $   371.84     
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   7           40.71%        3.33%             14.47%       $ 11,446.81        $   378.05     
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   8           47.75%        3.33%             16.38%       $ 11,637.97        $   384.36     
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   9           55.13%        3.33%             18.32%       $ 11,832.32        $   390.78     
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  10           62.89%        3.33%             20.30%       $ 12,029.92        $   397.31     
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  TOTAL                                                                        $ 3,488.08     
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                                                  Appendix  | 37

P-->497279th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 279th
TO GET MORE INFORMATION                                                         

SHAREHOLDER REPORTS - These include commentary from the fund's management team  
about recent market conditions and the effects of the fund's strategies on its  
performance. They also have detailed performance figures, a list of everything  
the fund owns, and its financial statements. Shareholders get these reports     
automatically.                                                                  

STATEMENT OF ADDITIONAL INFORMATION (SAI) - This tells you more about the       
fund's features and policies, including additional risk information. The SAI is 
incorporated by reference into this document (meaning that it's legally part of 
this prospectus).                                                               

For a free copy of any of these documents or to request other information about 
the fund, call (800) 728-3337, or contact DWS Scudder at the address listed     
below. The fund's SAI and shareholder reports are also available through the    
DWS Scudder Web site at www.dws-scudder.com. These documents and other          
information about the fund are available from the EDGAR Database on the SEC's   
Internet site at www.sec.gov. If you like, you may obtain copies of this        
information, after paying a copying fee, by e-mailing a request to              
publicinfo@sec.gov or by writing the SEC at the address listed below. You can   
also review and copy these documents and other information about the fund,      
including the fund's SAI, at the SEC's Public Reference Room in Washington,     
D.C. Information on the operation of the SEC's Public Reference Room may be     
obtained by calling (800) SEC-0330.                                             

                                                                [Download Table]

DWS SCUDDER              SEC                     DISTRIBUTOR                    
---------------------    --------------------    -------------------------------
                                                                                
PO Box 219151            100 F Street, N.E.      DWS Scudder Distributors, Inc. 
Kansas City, MO          Washington, D.C.        222 South Riverside Plaza      
64121-9151               20549-0102              Chicago, IL 60606-5808
WWW.DWS-SCUDDER.COM WWW.SEC.GOV             (800) 621-1148                 
(800) 728-3337           (800) SEC-0330                                         

                                                                [Download Table]

SEC FILE NUMBER:                                                                
DWS International Fund, Inc. DWS International Value Opportunities Fund  811-642

                                         [DWS SCUDDER LOGO GRAPHIC APPEARS HERE]

(12/01/07) 355-2                                                                
[RECYCLE GRAPHIC APPEARS HERE]                                                  

P-->497280th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 280th
Supplement to the currently effective Statement of Additional Information of    
each of the listed funds/portfolios:                                            

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Cash Management Fund Institutional                                              
Cash Reserve Fund, Inc.                                                         
Prime Series                                                            
Cash Reserve Fund Institutional                                                 
NY Tax Free Money Fund                                                          
Tax Free Money Fund Investment                                                  
DWS Capital Growth Fund                                                         
DWS Climate Change Fund                                                         
DWS Commodity Securities Fund                                                   
DWS Communications Fund                                                         
DWS Core Fixed Income Fund                                                      
DWS Core Plus Income Fund                                                       
DWS EAFE(R) Equity Index Fund                                                   
DWS Emerging Markets Equity Fund                                                
DWS Emerging Markets Fixed Income Fund                                          
DWS Enhanced S&P 500 Index Fund                                                 
DWS Equity 500 Index Fund                                                       
DWS Equity Income Fund                                                          
DWS Equity Partners Fund                                                        
DWS Europe Equity Fund                                                          
DWS Floating Rate Plus Fund                                                     
DWS Global Bond Fund                                                            
DWS Global Opportunities Fund                                                   
DWS Global Thematic Fund                                                        
DWS GNMA Fund                                                                   
DWS Gold & Precious Metals Fund                                                 
DWS Growth & Income Fund                                                        
DWS Health Care Fund                                                            
DWS High Income Plus Fund                                                       
DWS High Yield Tax Free Fund                                                    
DWS Inflation Protected Plus Fund                                               
DWS Intermediate Tax/AMT Free Fund                                              
DWS International Fund                                                          
DWS International Select Equity Fund                                            
DWS International Value Opportunities Fund                                      
DWS Investments VIT Funds                                                       
DWS Equity 500 Index VIP                                                
DWS RREEF Real Estate Securities VIP                                    
DWS Small Cap Index VIP                                                 
DWS Japan Equity Fund                                                           
DWS Large Company Growth Fund                                                   
DWS Latin America Equity Fund                                                   
DWS LifeCompass 2015 Fund                                                       
DWS LifeCompass 2020 Fund                                                       
DWS LifeCompass 2030 Fund                                                       
DWS LifeCompass 2040 Fund                                                       
DWS LifeCompass Retirement Fund                                                 
DWS Lifecycle Long Range Fund                                                   
DWS Managed Municipal Bond Fund                                                 
DWS Massachusetts Tax-Free Fund                                                 
DWS Micro Cap Fund                                                              
DWS Mid Cap Growth Fund                                                         
DWS Money Market Series                                                         
DWS RREEF Global Real Estate Securities Fund                                    
DWS RREEF Real Estate Securities Fund                                           
DWS S&P 500 Index Fund                                                          
DWS Short Duration Fund                                                         
DWS Short Duration Plus Fund                                                    
DWS Short-Term Municipal Bond Fund                                              
DWS Small Cap Core Fund                                                         
DWS Small Cap Growth Fund                                                       
DWS Small Cap Value Fund                                                        
DWS U.S. Bond Index Fund                                                        
DWS Value Builder Fund                                                          
DWS Variable Series I                                                           
DWS Bond VIP                                                            
DWS Capital Growth VIP                                                  
DWS Global Opportunities VIP                                            
DWS Growth & Income VIP                                                 
DWS Health Care VIP                                                     
DWS International VIP                                                   

At present, substantially all DWS mutual funds are overseen by one of two boards
of  trustees/directors  (the  "Boards").  Each Board,  including  the Board that
oversees your Fund (the "New York Board"),  has determined that the formation of
a single consolidated Board overseeing  substantially all DWS mutual funds is in
the best interests of the Funds and their shareholders. In this connection, each
Board  has  approved  a  plan  outlining  the  process  for   implementing   the
consolidation of the New York Board with the other primary DWS mutual fund board
(the "Chicago  Board").  (The geographic  references in the preceding  sentences
merely indicate where each Board historically held most of its meetings.)       

The consolidation of the two Boards is expected to take effect on or about April
1, 2008 (the  "Consolidation  Date"). To accomplish the  consolidation,  the New
York Board will nominate and elect four individuals (John W. Ballantine, Paul K.
Freeman,  William  McClayton and Robert H. Wadsworth) who currently serve on the
Chicago  Board to the Board of your Fund and each other fund overseen by the New
York Board.  Information regarding these four individuals is set forth below. In
addition,  the Chicago  Board has  determined  to nominate  and  recommend  that
shareholders  of each fund  overseen by that Board  elect eight  members of your
Fund's Board (Henry P. Becton, Jr., Dawn-Marie  Driscoll,  Keith R. Fox, Kenneth
C. Froewiss,  Richard J. Herring,  Rebecca W. Rimel,  William N. Searcy, Jr. and
Jean  Gleason  Stromberg).  As a result,  as of the  Consolidation  Date,  it is
expected  that the four Chicago  Board  members and eight New York Board members
named above (each of whom will be an Independent  Board  Member),  together with
Axel  Schwarzer,  CEO of DWS  Scudder,  will  constitute  the  Board of each DWS
Scudder mutual fund (134 funds), including your Fund.                           

P-->497281st Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 281st
To  facilitate  the Board  consolidation,  three  members  of the New York Board
(Martin J. Gruber, Graham E. Jones and Carl W. Vogt) have agreed to resign as of
the  Consolidation  Date,  which  is prior to  their  normal  retirement  dates.
Independent  Board Members of the New York Board do not receive  benefits  under
any pension or retirement plan. However,  the New York Board has determined that
it would be  appropriate  to provide those three  Independent  Board Members who
agreed to resign prior to the Board's normal  retirement  date with a retirement
agreement,  the terms of which include a one-time  benefit.  As DIMA, the Funds'
investment adviser, will also benefit from the administrative  efficiencies of a
consolidated  Board, DIMA has agreed to reimburse the Funds for the full cost of
this one-time  benefit  (which for each retiring  Independent  Board Member will
equal his annual  compensation  immediately  preceding  the  Consolidation  Date
multiplied  by the lesser of (i) two;  or (ii) the  number of years (or  portion
thereof)  from  the  Consolidation  Date  to his  normal  retirement  date).  As
consideration  for this  benefit,  each  retiring  Independent  Board Member has
agreed not to serve on the board of another  mutual fund without  prior  consent
for a specified  period.  In  addition,  pursuant to an  agreement  between each
retiring  Independent  Board Member,  the New York Funds and DIMA, each retiring
Independent Board Member has received certain assurances regarding  continuation
of insurance and indemnification rights.                                        

Following the  Consolidation  Date, it is expected that the  consolidated  Board
will implement  certain  changes to the Fund's current  committee  structure and
other  governance  practices,  including the appointment of new committee chairs
and members. Additional information regarding these changes will be set forth in
the Fund's statement of additional information upon implementation.             

P-->497282nd Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 282nd
                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

                                                                                                      Position with   
                                                                                                      the DWS Funds   
                                                Business Experience and Directorships                 and Length of   
     Name and Year of Birth                            During the Past 5 Years                         Time Served    
---------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------
Chicago Board Members to be                                                                                           
   Elected to New York Board                                                                                          
---------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------
                                                                                                                      
John W. Ballantine (1946)          Retired; formerly, Executive Vice President and Chief Risk       Chicago Board     
                                   Management Officer, First Chicago NBD Corporation/The First      Member since      
                                   National Bank of Chicago (1996-1998); Executive Vice President   1999.             
                                   and Head of International Banking (1995-1996).                                     
                                   Directorships:  Healthways Inc. (provider of disease and care                      
                                   management services); Portland General Electric (utility                           
                                   company); Stockwell Capital Investments PLC (private equity).                      
                                   Former Directorships: First Oak Brook Bancshares, Inc. and Oak                     
                                   Brook Bank                                                                         
---------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------
Paul K. Freeman (1950)             Consultant, World Bank/Inter-American Development Bank;          Chicago Board     
                                   formerly, Project Leader, International Institute for Applied    Member since      
                                   Systems Analysis (1998-2001); Chief Executive Officer, The       2002,             
                                   Eric Group, Inc. (environmental insurance) (1986-1998).          Chairperson       
                                   Formerly, Trustee of funds managed by DIMA or its affiliates     since 2007.       
                                   (1993-2002).                                                                       
---------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------
William McClayton (1944)           Chief Administrative Officer, Diamond Management & Technology    Chicago Board     
                                   Consultants, Inc. (global management consulting firm)            Member since      
                                   (2001-present); formerly, Senior Partner, Arthur Andersen LLP    2004.             
                                   (accounting) (1966-2001).  Directorships: Board of Managers,                       
                                   YMCA of Metropolitan Chicago; formerly, Trustee, Ravinia                           
                                   Festival.                                                                          
---------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------
Robert H. Wadsworth (1940)         President, Robert H. Wadsworth & Associates, Inc. (consulting    Chicago Board     
                                   firm) (1983 to present).  Formerly, Trustee of funds managed     Member since      
                                   by DIMA or its affiliates (1999-2004).                           2004.             
---------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------------------------- ------------------


                          Please Retain This Supplement for Future Reference

November 26, 2007                                                               

P-->497283rd Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 283rd
DWS Global Thematic Fund
(Class A, B, C and R Shares)

 a series of DWS Global/International Fund, Inc.

DWS International Fund
(Class A, B, C and Institutional Class Shares)

a series of DWS International Fund, Inc.

 STATEMENT OF ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
December 1, 2007

This combined Statement of Additional Information is not a prospectus and should
be read in conjunction  with the combined Class A, B, C and R shares  prospectus
for DWS Global  Thematic Fund,  the combined Class A, B and C shares  prospectus
and the  Institutional  Class  prospectuses for DWS  International  Fund (each a
"Fund," collectively the "Funds"), series of DWS Global/International Fund, Inc.
and DWS  International  Fund,  Inc.,  respectively,  dated  December 1, 2007, as
amended  from time to time,  copies of which may be obtained  without  charge by
contacting DWS Scudder  Distributors,  Inc., 222 South Riverside Plaza, Chicago,
Illinois 60606, or the firm from which this Statement of Additional  Information
was obtained and is available  along with other  materials on the Securities and
Exchange Commission's Internet Web site (http://www.sec.gov).                   

The Annual  Report to  Shareholders  of each  Fund,  dated  August 31,  2007 are
incorporated  by reference and are hereby deemed to be part of this Statement of
Additional Information.                                                         

This combined  Statement of Additional  Information is incorporated by reference
into each applicable prospectus.                                                

P-->497284th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 284th
 TABLE OF CONTENTS
                                                                            Page
                                                                            ----

INVESTMENT RESTRICTIONS.......................................................1 
INVESTMENT POLICIES AND TECHNIQUES............................................3 
Portfolio Holdings Information............................................22

MANAGEMENT OF THE FUNDS......................................................25 
Investment Advisor........................................................25
  Administrative Agreement..................................................28
  Compensation of Portfolio Managers........................................31

FUND SERVICE PROVIDERS.......................................................34 
PORTFOLIO TRANSACTIONS.......................................................41 
PURCHASE AND REDEMPTION OF SHARES............................................44 
FEDERAL INCOME TAXES.........................................................61 
NET ASSET VALUE..............................................................67 
DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS.......................................................68 
FUND ORGANIZATION............................................................78 
PROXY VOTING GUIDELINES......................................................81 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.........................................................82 
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION.......................................................82 
RATINGS OF INVESTMENTS.......................................................83 

i 

P-->497285th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 285th
ii

P-->497286th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 286th
 INVESTMENT RESTRICTIONS

Except as otherwise indicated, each Fund's investment objective and policies are
not fundamental and may be changed without a vote of shareholders.  There can be
no assurance that a Fund's objective will be met.                               

Unless specified to the contrary,  the following fundamental policies may not be
changed without the approval of a majority of the outstanding  voting securities
of a Fund which, under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the "1940
Act") and the  rules  thereunder  and as used in this  Statement  of  Additional
Information,  means  the  lesser  of (1) 67% or more  of the  voting  securities
present at such  meeting,  if the  holders  of more than 50% of the  outstanding
voting  securities of a Fund are present or  represented  by proxy,  or (2) more
than 50% of the outstanding voting securities of a Fund.                        

Any  investment  restrictions  herein  which  involve  a maximum  percentage  of
securities  or assets shall not be  considered  to be violated  unless an excess
over the percentage occurs  immediately after and is caused by an acquisition or
encumbrance of securities or assets of, or borrowings by, a Fund.               

Each Fund has elected to be classified  as a  diversified  series of an open-end
management  investment  company. A diversified fund may not, with respect to 75%
of total  assets,  invest more than 5% of total  assets in the  securities  of a
single issuer or invest in more than 10% of the outstanding voting securities of
such issuer, with certain exceptions.                                           

As a matter of fundamental policy, each Fund may not:                           

(1)      borrow money, except as permitted under the 1940 Act, as interpreted or
         modified by  regulatory  authority  having  jurisdiction,  from time to
time;                                                         

(2)      issue senior  securities,  except as  permitted  under the 1940 Act, as
         interpreted or modified by regulatory  authority  having  jurisdiction,
from time to time;                                            

(3)      concentrate its investments in a particular  industry,  as that term is
         used  in the  1940  Act,  as  interpreted  or  modified  by  regulatory
authority having jurisdiction, from time to time;             

(4)      engage in the  business of  underwriting  securities  issued by others,
         except to the extent  that the Fund may be deemed to be an  underwriter
in connection with the disposition of portfolio securities;   

(5)      purchase or sell real estate, which term does not include securities of
         companies which deal in real estate or mortgages or investments secured
         by real estate or  interests  therein,  except  that the Fund  reserves
         freedom of action to hold and to sell real estate  acquired as a result
of the Fund's ownership of securities;                        

(6)      purchase or sell  commodities,  except as permitted by the 1940 Act, as
         amended,  and as interpreted or modified by regulatory authority having
jurisdiction, from time to time; or                           

(7)      make loans to other persons, except as permitted under the 1940 Act, as
         interpreted or modified by regulatory  authority  having  jurisdiction,
from time to time.                                            

With respect to fundamental  policy number five above, the Funds have no current
intention  to hold  and  sell  real  estate  acquired  as a  result  of a Fund's
ownership of securities.                                                        

The Directors of each  Corporation (as defined below) have  voluntarily  adopted
certain  policies  and  restrictions,  which are observed in the conduct of each
Fund's affairs.  These represent  intentions of the Directors based upon current
circumstances.  Non-fundamental  policies may be changed by the Directors of the
Corporation without requiring prior notice to or approval of shareholders.      

P-->497287th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 287th
As a matter of non-fundamental policy, each Fund currently does not intend to:  

(a)      borrow money in an amount  greater than 5% of its total assets,  except
         (i) for temporary or emergency purposes and (ii) by engaging in reverse
         repurchase   agreements,   dollar  rolls,   or  other   investments  or
         transactions  described in the Fund's registration  statement which may
be deemed to be borrowings;                                   

(b)      enter into either reverse  repurchase  agreements or dollar rolls in an
amount greater than 5% of its total assets;                   

(c)      purchase  securities  on margin or make short  sales,  except (i) short
         sales against the box, (ii) in connection with arbitrage  transactions,
         (iii) for margin deposits in connection with futures contracts, options
         or other  permitted  investments,  (iv) that  transactions  in  futures
         contracts  and  options  shall  not be  deemed  to  constitute  selling
         securities  short,  and (v) that the Fund may  obtain  such  short-term
         credits  as  may  be  necessary   for  the   clearance  of   securities
transactions;                                                 

(d)      purchase  options,  unless  the  aggregate  premiums  paid on all  such
         options  held by the Fund at any time do not  exceed  20% of its  total
         assets; or sell put options, if as a result, the aggregate value of the
         obligations  underlying  such put options would exceed 50% of its total
assets;                                                       

(e)      enter  into  futures  contracts  or  purchase  options  thereon  unless
         immediately  after the  purchase,  the value of the  aggregate  initial
         margin with respect to such futures contracts entered into on behalf of
         the Fund and the premiums  paid for such  options on futures  contracts
         does not exceed 5% of the fair market value of the Fund's total assets;
         provided that in the case of an option that is in-the-money at the time
         of purchase,  the in-the-money  amount may be excluded in computing the
5% limit;                                                     

(f)      purchase warrants if as a result,  such securities,  taken at the lower
         of cost or market value,  would  represent more than 5% of the value of
         the Fund's total assets (for this purpose,  warrants  acquired in units
 or attached to securities will be deemed to have no value); and

(g)      lend  portfolio  securities in an amount greater than 33?% of its total
assets.                                                       

Each Fund will not purchase illiquid securities, including repurchase agreements
maturing in more than seven days, if, as a result thereof,  more than 15% of the
Fund's net assets,  valued at the time of the transaction,  would be invested in
such securities.                                                                

Each Fund may engage in short sales  against-the-box,  although it is the Fund's
current intention that no more than 5% of its net assets will be at risk.       

Each  Fund  will  not  acquire  securities  of  registered  open-end  investment
companies  or  registered  unit  investment   trusts  in  reliance  on  Sections
12(d)(1)(F) or 12(d)(1)(G) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.   

If a percentage  restriction  is adhered to at the time of  investment,  a later
increase or decrease in percentage  beyond the specified  limit resulting from a
change in values or net assets will not be considered a violation.              

Each Fund is an open-end management investment company which continuously offers
and  redeems  shares at net  asset  value.  Each  Fund is a company  of the type
commonly  known as a mutual  fund.  DWS Global  Thematic  Fund is a  diversified
series  of DWS  Global/International  Fund,  Inc.  DWS  International  Fund is a
diversified  series  of DWS  International  Fund,  Inc.  (each a  "Corporation,"
collectively the  "Corporations").  DWS Global Thematic Fund offers five classes
of shares:  Class S, Class A, Class B, Class C and Class R shares. Only Class A,
Class B, Class C and Class R are offered herein.  DWS International  Fund offers
five  classes of shares:  Class S, Class A, Class B, Class C, and  Institutional
Class  shares.  Only  Class  A,  Class  B,  Class C and  Institutional  Class of
International Fund are offered herein. Each class has its own important features
and policies.                                                                   

 2

P-->497288th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 288th
Except as otherwise indicated, each Fund's investment objective and policies are
not fundamental and may be changed without a vote of shareholders. If there is a
change in investment  objective,  shareholders  should consider whether the Fund
remains  an  appropriate  investment  in light of their then  current  financial
position and needs.  There can be no assurance  that a Fund's  objective will be
met.                                                                            

Changes  in  portfolio   securities   are  made  on  the  basis  of   investment
considerations  and it is against the policy of  management  to make changes for
trading purposes.                                                               

To meet federal tax  requirements for  qualification  as a regulated  investment
company  each  Fund  must  limit  its  investments  so that at the close of each
quarter  of its  taxable  year (1) no more  than  25% of its  total  assets  are
invested  in  securities  of a single  issuer  (other  than US  government  or a
regulated investment company), and (2) with respect to at least 50% of its total
assets,  no more than 5% of its total assets are invested in the securities of a
single issuer.                                                                  

Master/feeder  Fund  Structure.  The Boards of Directors  has the  discretion to
retain the current  distribution  arrangement  for a Fund while  investing  in a
master fund in a master/feeder fund structure as described below.               

A master/feeder fund structure is one in which a Fund (a "feeder fund"), instead
of investing  directly in a portfolio of securities,  invests most or all of its
investment  assets in a separate  registered  investment  company  (the  "master
fund") with  substantially  the same  investment  objective  and policies as the
feeder  fund.  Such a  structure  permits  the  pooling of assets of two or more
feeder funds,  preserving  separate  identities or distribution  channels at the
feeder  fund  level.  Based on the  premise  that  certain  of the  expenses  of
operating an investment  portfolio are  relatively  fixed,  a larger  investment
portfolio may eventually  achieve a lower ratio of operating expenses to average
net assets. An existing  investment  company is able to convert to a feeder fund
by  selling  all  of  its  investments,   which  involves  brokerage  and  other
transaction  costs and realization of a taxable gain or loss, or by contributing
its assets to the master  fund and  avoiding  transaction  costs and,  if proper
procedures are followed, the realization of taxable gain or loss.               

INVESTMENT POLICIES AND TECHNIQUES

General Investment Objective and Policies                                       

Descriptions  in  this  Statement  of  Additional  Information  of a  particular
investment  practice  or  technique  in which a Fund  may  engage  are  meant to
describe  the  spectrum  of  investments  that  Deutsche  Investment  Management
Americas Inc.  ("DIMA" or the  "Advisor") in its  discretion  might,  but is not
required to, use in managing each Fund's portfolio  assets.  The Advisor may, in
its  discretion,  at any time employ such practice,  technique or instrument for
one or more  Funds  but not for all  funds  advised  by it.  Furthermore,  it is
possible that certain types of financial  instruments  or investment  techniques
described  herein may not be available,  permissible,  economically  feasible or
effective  for  their  intended  purposes  in all  markets.  Certain  practices,
techniques or instruments may not be principal  activities of the Funds, but, to
the extent employed,  could from time to time have a material impact on a Fund's
performance. The Fund may engage in certain practices not described herein.     

It is possible that certain investment  practices and techniques described below
may not be  permissible  for a Fund  based on its  investment  restrictions,  as
described herein, and in the Funds' applicable prospectus.                      

Borrowing.  As a matter of  fundamental  policy,  a Fund will not borrow  money,
except as  permitted  under the 1940 Act,  and as  interpreted  or  modified  by
regulatory  authority  having  jurisdiction,  from time to time. While each Fund
does not currently intend to borrow for investment  leveraging purposes, if such
a  strategy  were  implemented  in the  future  it  would  increase  the  Funds'
volatility and the risk of loss in a declining market.  Borrowing by a Fund will
involve  special  risk  considerations.  The  Fund's  assets may change in value
during the time a borrowing is outstanding,  thus increasing exposure to capital
risk.                                                                           

Common  Stocks.  Common  stock is issued by companies to raise cash for business
purposes  and  represents  a  proportionate  interest in the issuing  companies.
Therefore, a Fund participates in the success or failure of any                 

3 

P-->497289th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 289th
company in which it holds stock. The market values of common stock can fluctuate
significantly,  reflecting  the  business  performance  of the issuing  company,
investor perception and general economic and financial market movements. Despite
the risk of price volatility, however, common stocks have historically offered a
greater potential for long-term gain on investment, compared to other classes of
financial  assets such as bonds or cash  equivalents,  although  there can be no
assurance that this will be true in the future.                                 

Convertible Securities.  A Fund may invest in convertible  securities,  that is,
bonds,  notes,  debentures,  preferred  stocks  and other  securities  which are
convertible into common stock. Investments in convertible securities can provide
an  opportunity  for capital  appreciation  and/or income  through  interest and
dividend payments by virtue of their conversion or exchange features.           

The convertible securities in which a Fund may invest are either fixed income or
zero coupon debt  securities  which may be converted or exchanged at a stated or
determinable exchange ratio into underlying shares of common stock. The exchange
ratio for any particular  convertible security may be adjusted from time to time
due to stock splits,  dividends,  spin-offs,  other corporate  distributions  or
scheduled  changes  in the  exchange  ratio.  Convertible  debt  securities  and
convertible  preferred  stocks,  until converted,  have general  characteristics
similar to both debt and equity  securities.  Although  to a lesser  extent than
with debt securities generally, the market value of convertible securities tends
to decline as interest  rates  increase  and,  conversely,  tends to increase as
interest  rates  decline.  In addition,  because of the  conversion  or exchange
feature,  the market value of convertible  securities  typically  changes as the
market value of the underlying common stocks changes, and, therefore, also tends
to follow  movements  in the  general  market  for equity  securities.  A unique
feature of convertible  securities is that as the market price of the underlying
common stock declines,  convertible  securities tend to trade  increasingly on a
yield basis, and so may not experience  market value declines to the same extent
as the underlying  common stock.  When the market price of the underlying common
stock  increases,  the prices of the  convertible  securities  tend to rise as a
reflection of the value of the underlying common stock,  although  typically not
as much as the  underlying  common stock.  While no securities  investments  are
without risk,  investments in convertible  securities generally entail less risk
than investments in common stock of the same issuer.                            

As debt securities,  convertible  securities are investments which provide for a
stream of income (or in the case of zero coupon securities, accretion of income)
with  generally  higher  yields  than  common  stocks.   Convertible  securities
generally offer lower yields than non-convertible  securities of similar quality
because of their conversion or exchange features.                               

Of course,  like all debt  securities,  there can be no  assurance  of income or
principal payments because the issuers of the convertible securities may default
on their obligations.                                                           

Convertible   securities   generally  are  subordinated  to  other  similar  but
non-convertible  securities of the same issuer,  although  convertible bonds, as
corporate debt  obligations,  enjoy  seniority in right of payment to all equity
securities,  and  convertible  preferred stock is senior to common stock, of the
same issuer.  However,  because of the subordination feature,  convertible bonds
and  convertible  preferred  stock  typically  have lower  ratings  than similar
non-convertible securities. Convertible securities may be issued as fixed income
obligations that pay current income or as zero coupon notes and bonds, including
Liquid Yield Option Notes ("LYONs(TM)").                                        

Corporate Obligations.  Investment in corporate debt obligations involves credit
and interest rate risk.  The value of  fixed-income  investments  will fluctuate
with changes in interest  rates and bond market  conditions,  tending to rise as
interest  rates decline and to decline as interest  rates rise.  Corporate  debt
obligations generally offer less current yield than securities of lower quality,
but lower-quality  securities generally have less liquidity,  greater credit and
market  risk,  and as a result,  more price  volatility.  Longer term bonds are,
however, generally more volatile than bonds with shorter maturities.            

Depositary  Receipts.  A Fund may invest in  sponsored or  unsponsored  American
Depositary  Receipts ("ADRs"),  European  Depositary  Receipts ("EDRs"),  Global
Depositary  Receipts ("GDRs"),  International  Depositary  Receipts ("IDRs") and
other types of Depositary Receipts (which, together with ADRs, GDRs and IDRs are
hereinafter referred to as "Depositary  Receipts").  Depositary receipts provide
indirect  investment  in securities of foreign  issuers.  Prices of  unsponsored
Depositary  Receipts  may be more  volatile  than if they were  sponsored by the
issuer of                                                                       

4 

P-->497290th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 290th
the  underlying   securities.   Depositary   Receipts  may  not  necessarily  be
denominated  in the same currency as the underlying  securities  into which they
may be  converted.  In  addition,  the  issuers  of  the  stock  of  unsponsored
Depositary  Receipts are not obligated to disclose  material  information in the
United  States  and,  therefore,  there may not be a  correlation  between  such
information and the market value of the Depositary Receipts. ADRs are Depositary
Receipts which are bought and sold in the United States and are typically issued
by a US bank or trust company which evidence ownership of underlying  securities
by a foreign corporation.  GDRs, IDRs and other types of Depositary Receipts are
typically issued by foreign banks or trust companies,  although they may also be
issued by United  States banks or trust  companies,  and  evidence  ownership of
underlying securities issued by either a foreign or a United States corporation.
Generally,  Depositary  Receipts in registered  form are designed for use in the
United  States  securities  markets and  Depositary  Receipts in bearer form are
designed for use in securities  markets outside the United States.  For purposes
of a Fund's investment  policies,  a Fund's  investments in ADRs, GDRs and other
types of Depositary  Receipts will be deemed to be investments in the underlying
securities.  Depositary Receipts, including those denominated in US dollars will
be subject to foreign currency exchange rate risk.  However,  by investing in US
dollar-denominated  ADRs rather than directly in foreign  issuers' stock, a Fund
avoids  currency  risks during the  settlement  period.  In general,  there is a
large,  liquid  market in the  United  States for most  ADRs.  However,  certain
Depositary  Receipts  may not be  listed on an  exchange  and  therefore  may be
illiquid securities.                                                            

Dollar Roll Transactions. Dollar roll transactions consist of the sale by a Fund
to a bank or broker-dealer  (the  "counterparty")  of GNMA certificates or other
mortgage-backed  securities  together  with a  commitment  to purchase  from the
counterparty  similar,  but not  identical,  securities at a future date, at the
same price.  The  counterparty  receives all  principal  and interest  payments,
including  prepayments,  made on the  security  while it is the  holder.  A Fund
receives a fee from the  counterparty  as  consideration  for entering  into the
commitment  to  purchase.  Dollar  rolls may be renewed over a period of several
months  with  a  different  purchase  and  repurchase  price  fixed  and a  cash
settlement  made  at each  renewal  without  physical  delivery  of  securities.
Moreover,  the  transaction  may  be  preceded  by a firm  commitment  agreement
pursuant to which a Fund agrees to buy a security on a future date.             

A Fund will segregate  cash, US Government  securities or other liquid assets in
an amount sufficient to meet their purchase  obligations under the transactions.
A Fund will also maintain asset coverage to the extent required by the 1940 Act.

Dollar  rolls may be treated for  purposes of the 1940 Act, as  borrowings  of a
Fund because  they  involve the sale of a security  coupled with an agreement to
repurchase.  A dollar roll involves costs to a Fund.  For example,  while a Fund
receives a fee as consideration for agreeing to repurchase the security,  a Fund
forgoes the right to receive  all  principal  and  interest  payments  while the
counterparty  holds the security.  These payments to the counterparty may exceed
the fee received by a Fund, thereby effectively  charging a Fund interest on its
borrowing.  Further,  although  a Fund  can  estimate  the  amount  of  expected
principal prepayment over the term of the dollar roll, a variation in the actual
amount of prepayment could increase or decrease the cost of a Fund's borrowing. 

The entry into dollar rolls involves  potential risks of loss that are different
from those related to the securities  underlying the transactions.  For example,
if the  counterparty  becomes  insolvent,  a Fund's  right to purchase  from the
counterparty might be restricted. Additionally, the value of such securities may
change adversely before a Fund is able to purchase them.  Similarly,  a Fund may
be required to purchase  securities in connection with a dollar roll at a higher
price than may otherwise be available on the open market. Since, as noted above,
the counterparty is required to deliver a similar, but not identical security to
a Fund, the security that a Fund is required to buy under the dollar roll may be
worth less than an identical security. Finally, there can be no assurance that a
Fund's use of the cash that it receives from a dollar roll will provide a return
that exceeds borrowing costs.                                                   

Euro. The  implementation  of the Euro may result in uncertainties  for European
securities  and the operation of a Fund.  The Euro was  introduced on January 1,
1999 by eleven  members  countries of the European  Economic and Monetary  Union
(EMU).  Implementation of the Euro requires the  redenomination of European debt
and  equity  securities  over a period  of time,  which may  result  in  various
accounting  differences  and/or tax treatments  which would not otherwise occur.
Additional  questions  are  raised  by the  fact  that  certain  other  European
Community members,  including the United Kingdom,  did not officially  implement
the Euro on January 1, 1999.                                                    

5 

P-->497291st Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 291st
Eurodollar  Instruments.  A Fund may make investments in Eurodollar  instruments
for hedging purposes or to enhance potential gain. Eurodollar instruments are US
dollar-denominated  futures contracts or options thereon which are linked to the
London Interbank Offered Rate ("LIBOR"),  although foreign  currency-denominated
instruments are available from time to time. Eurodollar futures contracts enable
purchasers to obtain a fixed rate for the lending of Funds and sellers to obtain
a fixed rate for borrowings.  A Fund might use Eurodollar  futures contracts and
options  thereon to hedge against  changes in LIBOR, to which many interest rate
swaps and fixed income instruments are linked or for any other purpose.         

Eurodollar  Obligations.  Eurodollar bank obligations are US  dollar-denominated
certificates  of deposit and time deposits issued outside the US capital markets
by foreign  branches of US banks and US branches  of foreign  banks.  Eurodollar
obligations  are  subject  to the same risks that  pertain to  domestic  issues,
notably credit risk,  market risk and liquidity risk.  Additionally,  Eurodollar
obligations are subject to certain sovereign risks.                             

Foreign  Currencies.  Because  investments  in foreign  securities  usually will
involve  currencies  of foreign  countries,  and because a Fund may hold foreign
currencies  and  forward  contracts,   futures  contracts,  options  on  foreign
currencies and foreign  currency  futures  contracts and other currency  related
instruments,  the value of the assets of a Fund as measured in US dollars may be
affected  favorably or unfavorably by changes in foreign currency exchange rates
and  exchange  control  regulations,  and a Fund may incur costs and  experience
conversion difficulties and uncertainties in connection with conversions between
various  currencies.  Fluctuations in exchange rates may also affect the earning
power and asset value of the foreign entity issuing the security.               

The  strength  or  weakness  of  the  US  dollar  against  these  currencies  is
responsible for part of a Fund's investment performance.  If the dollar falls in
value relative to the Japanese yen, for example,  the dollar value of a Japanese
stock held in the portfolio will rise even though the price of the stock remains
unchanged.  Conversely,  if the dollar  rises in value  relative to the yen, the
dollar  value of the Japanese  stock will fall.  Many  foreign  currencies  have
experienced significant devaluation relative to the dollar.                     

Although  a Fund  values its assets  daily in terms of US  dollars,  it does not
intend to convert its holdings of foreign  currencies into US dollars on a daily
basis.  It will do so from time to time,  and  investors  should be aware of the
costs of currency conversion.  Although foreign exchange dealers do not charge a
fee for  conversion,  they do  realize  a profit  based on the  difference  (the
"spread")  between  the  prices at which they are  buying  and  selling  various
currencies. Thus, a dealer may offer to sell a foreign currency to a Fund at one
rate,  while  offering a lesser rate of exchange  should a Fund desire to resell
that currency to the dealer. A Fund will conduct its foreign  currency  exchange
transactions  either on a spot (i.e., cash) basis at the spot rate prevailing in
the foreign  currency  exchange  market,  or through  entering  into  options or
forward or futures contracts to purchase or sell foreign currencies.            

Foreign Fixed Income Securities.  Since most foreign fixed income securities are
not rated,  a Fund will invest in foreign fixed income  securities  based on the
Advisor's analysis without relying on published ratings.  Since such investments
will be based upon the Advisor's  analysis  rather than upon published  ratings,
achievement  of a Fund's goals may depend more upon the abilities of the Advisor
than would otherwise be the case.                                               

The value of the foreign fixed income  securities  held by a Fund,  and thus the
net asset value of a Fund's shares, generally will fluctuate with (a) changes in
the perceived creditworthiness of the issuers of those securities, (b) movements
in interest  rates,  and (c) changes in the relative values of the currencies in
which a Fund's  investments  in fixed income  securities  are  denominated  with
respect to the US Dollar.  The extent of the fluctuation  will depend on various
factors,  such as the average maturity of a Fund's  investments in foreign fixed
income  securities,  and the extent to which a Fund  hedges its  interest  rate,
credit and currency exchange rate risks. A longer average maturity  generally is
associated  with a  higher  level  of  volatility  in the  market  value of such
securities in response to changes in market conditions.                         

Investments  in  sovereign  debt,  including  Brady Bonds  (Brady Bonds are debt
securities   issued  under  a  plan  implemented  to  allow  debtor  nations  to
restructure their  outstanding  commercial bank  indebtedness),  involve special
risks. Foreign governmental issuers of debt or the governmental authorities that
control the repayment of the debt may be unable or unwilling to repay  principal
or pay  interest  when due. In the event of default,  there may be limited or no
legal recourse in that, generally,  remedies for defaults must be pursued in the
courts of the defaulting  party.                                                

6 

P-->497292nd Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 292nd
Political  conditions,  especially a sovereign entity's  willingness to meet the
terms of its fixed income securities,  are of considerable  significance.  Also,
there can be no assurance that the holders of commercial  bank loans to the same
sovereign  entity may not contest  payments to the holders of sovereign  debt in
the event of default under commercial bank loan agreements.  In addition,  there
is no bankruptcy  proceeding with respect to sovereign debt on which a sovereign
has  defaulted,  and a Fund  may be  unable  to  collect  all or any part of its
investment in a particular issue.  Foreign  investment in certain sovereign debt
is restricted or controlled to varying degrees, including requiring governmental
approval for the repatriation of income,  capital or proceed of sales by foreign
investors. These restrictions or controls may at times limit or preclude foreign
investment  in certain  sovereign  debt or increase  the costs and expenses of a
Fund.                                                                           

Sovereign  debt of  emerging  market  governmental  issuers is to be  considered
speculative.  Emerging market governmental issuers are among the largest debtors
to commercial banks, foreign governments,  international financial organizations
and other financial  institutions.  Certain emerging market governmental issuers
have  not  been  able to make  payments  of  interest  on or  principal  of debt
obligations as those payments have come due. There is a history of defaults with
respect  to  commercial  bank  loans by  public  and  private  entities  issuing
sovereign  debt.  All or a portion of the  interest  payments  and/or  principal
repayment  with respect to sovereign debt may be  uncollateralized.  Obligations
arising from past restructuring  agreements may affect the economic  performance
and political and social stability of those issuers.                            

The  ability of  emerging  market  country  governmental  issuers to make timely
payments  on their  obligations  is  likely  to be  influenced  strongly  by the
issuer's balance of payments,  including export  performance,  and its access to
international  credits and  investments.  An emerging  market whose  exports are
concentrated  in a few  commodities  could be  vulnerable  to a  decline  in the
international   prices   of  one  or  more  of  those   commodities.   Increased
protectionism  on the part of an emerging  market's  trading partners could also
adversely  affect the country's  exports and diminish its trade account surplus,
if any. To the extent that emerging  markets  receive payment for its exports in
currencies other than dollars or non-emerging market currencies,  its ability to
make debt payments  denominated  in dollars or  non-emerging  market  currencies
could be affected.                                                              

Another factor bearing on the ability of emerging market countries to repay debt
obligations is the level of international reserves of the country.  Fluctuations
in the level of these  reserves  affect the amount of foreign  exchange  readily
available  for  external  debt  payments  and thus  could  have a bearing on the
capacity  of  emerging   market   countries  to  make  payments  on  these  debt
obligations.                                                                    

To the extent that an emerging  market country cannot  generate a trade surplus,
it must  depend on  continuing  loans  from  foreign  governments,  multilateral
organizations or private commercial banks, aid payments from foreign governments
and inflows of foreign investment. The access of emerging markets to these forms
of external  funding may not be certain,  and a withdrawal  of external  funding
could  adversely  affect the capacity of emerging  market  country  governmental
issuers  to make  payments  on  their  obligations.  In  addition,  the  cost of
servicing  emerging  market  debt  obligations  can be  affected  by a change in
international  interest  rates  since the  majority of these  obligations  carry
interest rates that are adjusted periodically based upon international rates.   

Foreign  Investments.  Foreign securities are normally denominated and traded in
foreign currencies. As a result, the value of the Fund's foreign investments and
the value of its shares may be affected  favorably or  unfavorably by changes in
currency exchange rates relative to the US dollar. There may be less information
publicly  available  about a foreign issuer than about a US issuer,  and foreign
issuers  may not be subject to  accounting,  auditing  and  financial  reporting
standards  and practices  comparable to those in the US. The  securities of some
foreign  issuers are less liquid and at times more volatile  than  securities of
comparable US issuers.  Foreign  brokerage  commissions  and other fees are also
generally  higher  than in the  US.  Foreign  settlement  procedures  and  trade
regulations  may involve  certain risks (such as delay in payment or delivery of
securities or in the recovery of the Fund's assets held abroad) and expenses not
present in the settlement of  investments in US markets.  Payment for securities
without delivery may be required in certain foreign markets.                    

In addition, foreign securities may be subject to the risk of nationalization or
expropriation   of  assets,   imposition  of  currency   exchange   controls  or
restrictions on the  repatriation of foreign  currency,  confiscatory  taxation,
political or  financial  instability  and  diplomatic  developments  which could
affect  the  value of the  Fund's  investments  in  certain                     

7 

P-->497293rd Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 293rd
foreign countries.  Governments of many countries have exercised and continue to
exercise  substantial  influence over many aspects of the private sector through
the  ownership or control of many  companies,  including  some of the largest in
these  countries.  As a result,  government  actions in the future  could have a
significant  effect on economic  conditions which may adversely affect prices of
certain   portfolio   securities.   There  is  also  generally  less  government
supervision and regulation of stock  exchanges,  brokers,  and listed  companies
than in the US.  Dividends or interest on, or proceeds from the sale of, foreign
securities  may be subject  to foreign  withholding  taxes,  and  special US tax
considerations  may apply.  Moreover,  foreign economies may differ favorably or
unfavorably  from the US economy in such  respects  as growth of gross  national
product, rate of inflation, capital reinvestment,  resource self-sufficiency and
balance of payments position.                                                   

Legal remedies  available to investors in certain foreign  countries may be more
limited than those  available  with respect to investments in the US or in other
foreign  countries.  The laws of some  foreign  countries  may limit the  Fund's
ability to invest in securities of certain  issuers  organized under the laws of
those foreign countries.                                                        

Of particular  importance,  many foreign  countries are heavily  dependent  upon
exports,  particularly to developed countries,  and, accordingly,  have been and
may continue to be adversely affected by trade barriers,  managed adjustments in
relative currency values, and other protectionist measures imposed or negotiated
by the US and other  countries with which they trade.  These economies also have
been and may continue to be negatively impacted by economic conditions in the US
and other  trading  partners,  which can lower the demand for goods  produced in
those countries.                                                                

The  risks  described  above,   including  the  risks  of   nationalization   or
expropriation of assets,  typically are increased in connection with investments
in "emerging  markets." For example,  political and economic structures in these
countries may be in their infancy and developing rapidly, and such countries may
lack  the  social,  political  and  economic  stability  characteristic  of more
developed countries (including amplified risk of war and terrorism).  Certain of
these countries have in the past failed to recognize private property rights and
have at times  nationalized and  expropriated  the assets of private  companies.
Investments in emerging markets may be considered speculative.                  

The  currencies  of  certain   emerging   market   countries  have   experienced
devaluations  relative to the US dollar,  and future  devaluations may adversely
affect the value of assets denominated in such currencies. In addition, currency
hedging techniques may be unavailable in certain emerging market countries. Many
emerging  market  countries have  experienced  substantial,  and in some periods
extremely  high,  rates of  inflation or  deflation  for many years,  and future
inflation may adversely  affect the  economies  and  securities  markets of such
countries.                                                                      

In addition, unanticipated political or social developments may affect the value
of  investments  in  emerging   markets  and  the   availability  of  additional
investments  in these  markets.  Any change in the  leadership  or  politics  of
emerging  market  countries,  or  the  countries  that  exercise  a  significant
influence  over  those  countries,  may halt the  expansion  of or  reverse  the
liberalization of foreign investment policies now occurring and adversely affect
existing  investment  opportunities.  The small size, limited trading volume and
relative  inexperience  of the  securities  markets in these  countries may make
investments in securities  traded in emerging markets illiquid and more volatile
than investments in securities traded in more developed countries.  For example,
limited  market  size may cause  prices to be unduly  influenced  by traders who
control  large  positions.  In  addition,  the Fund may be required to establish
special custodial or other arrangements  before making investments in securities
traded  in  emerging  markets.  There  may be  little  financial  or  accounting
information available with respect to issuers of emerging market securities, and
it may be  difficult  as a  result  to  assess  the  value  of  prospects  of an
investment in such securities.                                                  

The risk  also  exists  that an  emergency  situation  may  arise in one or more
emerging  markets as a result of which trading of securities may cease or may be
substantially  curtailed and prices for a Fund's  securities in such markets may
not be readily  available.  A Fund may suspend  redemption of its shares for any
period during which an emergency exists,  as determined by the SEC.  Accordingly
if a Fund believes that appropriate circumstances exist, it may apply to the SEC
for a determination  that an emergency is present.  During the period commencing
from a Fund's identification of such condition until the date of the SEC action,
a Fund's  securities  in the  affected  markets  will be  valued  at fair  value
determined in good faith by or under the direction of a Fund's Board.           

8 

P-->497294th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 294th
Certain of the foregoing risks may also apply to some extent to securities of US
issuers that are denominated in foreign currencies or that are traded in foreign
markets, or securities of US issuers having significant foreign operations.     

High Yield/High Risk Bonds. A Fund may also purchase,  to a limited extent, debt
securities which are rated below investment-grade (commonly referred to as "junk
bonds"),  that is,  rated  below Baa by Moody's or below BBB by S&P and  unrated
securities,  which usually  entail greater risk  (including  the  possibility of
default or  bankruptcy  of the issuers of such  securities),  generally  involve
greater  volatility of price and risk of principal  and income,  and may be less
liquid,  than securities in the higher rating categories.  The lower the ratings
of such debt  securities,  the  greater  their  risks  render  them like  equity
securities.  DWS  International  Fund  will  invest no more than 5% of its total
assets in  securities  rated BB or lower by Moody's or Ba by S&P, and may invest
in  securities  which are rated D by S&P. See the Appendix to this  Statement of
Additional  Information for a more complete  description of the ratings assigned
by ratings organizations and their respective characteristics.                  

High yield,  high-risk  securities are especially  subject to adverse changes in
general  economic  conditions,  to changes in the  financial  condition of their
issuers and to price  fluctuations  in response to changes in interest rates. An
economic  downturn could disrupt the high yield market and impair the ability of
issuers to repay  principal  and interest.  Also, an increase in interest  rates
would have a greater  adverse  impact on the value of such  obligations  than on
higher quality debt securities.  During an economic downturn or period of rising
interest rates,  highly leveraged  issues may experience  financial stress which
would  adversely  affect their ability to service  their  principal and interest
payment  obligations.  Prices and yields of high yield securities will fluctuate
over time and, during periods of economic uncertainty,  volatility of high yield
securities  may  adversely  affect  a  Fund's  net  asset  value.  In  addition,
investments  in high  yield  zero  coupon  or  pay-in-kind  bonds,  rather  than
income-bearing high yield securities, may be more speculative and may be subject
to greater fluctuations in value due to changes in interest rates.              

The  trading  market for high yield  securities  may be thin to the extent  that
there is no established retail secondary market. A thin trading market may limit
the ability of a Fund to accurately value high yield securities in its portfolio
and to dispose of those securities.  Adverse publicity and investor  perceptions
may decrease the values and liquidity of high yield securities. These securities
may also involve special registration  responsibilities,  liabilities and costs,
and liquidity and valuation difficulties.                                       

Credit  quality in the  high-yield  securities  market can change  suddenly  and
unexpectedly,  and even recently issued credit ratings may not fully reflect the
actual risks posed by a particular high-yield security. For these reasons, it is
the  policy  of the  Advisor  not to  rely  exclusively  on  ratings  issued  by
established credit rating agencies,  but to supplement such ratings with its own
independent and on-going  review of credit quality.  The achievement of a Fund's
investment  objective by investment in such  securities may be more dependent on
the Advisor's credit analysis than is the case for higher quality bonds.  Should
the rating of a portfolio  security be  downgraded,  the Advisor will  determine
whether  it is in the best  interests  of the Fund to retain or  dispose of such
security.                                                                       

Prices for below investment-grade  securities may be affected by legislative and
regulatory developments. For example, new federal rules require savings and loan
institutions  to  gradually  reduce  their  holdings  of this type of  security.
Congress has from time to time  considered  legislation  which would restrict or
eliminate the corporate tax deduction for interest  payments in these securities
and  regulate  corporate  restructurings.  Such  legislation  may  significantly
depress the prices of outstanding securities of this type.                      

Illiquid  Securities and Restricted  Securities.  A Fund may purchase securities
that are subject to legal or  contractual  restrictions  on resale  ("restricted
securities").  Generally  speaking,  restricted  securities  may be sold  (i) to
qualified  institutional buyers; (ii) in a privately negotiated transaction to a
limited number of purchasers;  (iii) in limited  quantities after they have been
held for a specified  period of time and other conditions are met pursuant to an
exemption  from  registration;  or  (iv)  in  a  public  offering  for  which  a
registration statement is in effect under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the "1933 Act").  Issuers of  restricted  securities  may not be subject to the
disclosure and other investor  protection  requirements that would be applicable
if their securities were publicly traded.                                       

9 

P-->497295th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 295th
Restricted  securities  are often  illiquid,  but they may also be  liquid.  For
example,  restricted securities that are eligible for resale under Rule 144A are
often deemed to be liquid.                                                      

The Funds' Boards have approved guidelines for use by the Advisor in determining
whether a security  is liquid or  illiquid.  Among the  factors  the Advisor may
consider in reaching  liquidity  decisions relating to Rule 144A securities are:
(1) the  frequency  of trades  and quotes  for the  security;  (2) the number of
dealers  wishing  to  purchase  or sell the  security  and the  number  of other
potential purchasers;  (3) dealer undertakings to make a market in the security;
and (4) the nature of the security and the nature of the market for the security
(i.e.,  the time  needed to dispose of the  security,  the method of  soliciting
offers,  and the mechanics of the transfer).  Where a registration  statement is
required for the resale of restricted securities, a Fund may be required to bear
all or  part  of  the  registration  expenses.  A Fund  may be  deemed  to be an
"underwriter" for purposes of the 1933 Act when selling restricted securities to
the public  and,  in such event,  the Fund may be liable to  purchasers  of such
securities if the  registration  statement  prepared by the issuer is materially
inaccurate or misleading.                                                       

A Fund may also purchase securities that are not subject to legal or contractual
restrictions  on resale,  but that are deemed  illiquid.  Such securities may be
illiquid, for example, because there is a limited trading market for them.      

A Fund may be unable to sell a restricted or illiquid security.  In addition, it
may be more  difficult to determine a market  value for  restricted  or illiquid
securities.  Moreover,  if adverse market  conditions were to develop during the
period between a Fund's  decision to sell a restricted or illiquid  security and
the point at which a Fund is permitted or able to sell such  security,  the Fund
might  obtain a price  less  favorable  than the price  that  prevailed  when it
decided to sell. This investment practice,  therefore,  could have the effect of
increasing the level of illiquidity of a Fund.                                  

Impact of Large  Redemptions  and  Purchases of Fund Shares.  From time to time,
shareholders  of a Fund  (which may  include  affiliated  and/or  non-affiliated
registered investment companies that invest in a Fund) may make relatively large
redemptions or purchases of Fund shares.  These transactions may cause a Fund to
have to sell securities or invest  additional cash, as the case may be. While it
is impossible  to predict the overall  impact of these  transactions  over time,
there could be adverse effects on a Fund's performance to the extent that a Fund
may be  required  to sell  securities  or invest cash at times when it would not
otherwise do so. These  transactions  could also  accelerate the  realization of
taxable  income if sales of securities  resulted in capital gains and could also
increase transaction costs, which may impact a Fund's expense ratio.            

IPO Risk.  Securities  issued  through  an  initial  public  offering  (IPO) can
experience an immediate drop in value if the demand for the securities  does not
continue to support the  offering  price.  Information  about the issuers of IPO
securities is also difficult to acquire since they are new to the market and may
not have lengthy operating histories. A Fund may engage in short-term trading in
connection  with its IPO  investments,  which could produce higher trading costs
and  adverse  tax  consequences.  The number of  securities  issued in an IPO is
limited,  so it is likely that IPO securities will represent a smaller component
of a Fund's  portfolio as a Fund's assets increase (and thus have a more limited
effect on a Fund's performance).                                                

Interfund  Borrowing  and Lending  Program.  The Funds have  received  exemptive
relief from the Securities and Exchange  Commission  ("SEC"),  which permits the
Funds to participate in an interfund  lending  program among certain  investment
companies  advised by the Advisor.  The  interfund  lending  program  allows the
participating  funds to  borrow  money  from and loan  money to each  other  for
temporary  or  emergency  purposes.  The  program  is  subject  to a  number  of
conditions  designed to ensure fair and equitable treatment of all participating
funds, including the following: (1) no Fund may borrow money through the program
unless it receives a more favorable  interest rate than a rate approximating the
lowest  interest  rate at which  bank  loans  would be  available  to any of the
participating  funds  under a loan  agreement;  and (2) no Fund may  lend  money
through  the  program  unless it  receives  a more  favorable  return  than that
available  from an  investment  in  repurchase  agreements  and,  to the  extent
applicable,  money  market  cash sweep  arrangements.  In  addition,  a Fund may
participate in the program only if and to the extent that such  participation is
consistent  with the Fund's  investment  objectives  and policies (for instance,
money market  funds would  normally  participate  only as lenders and tax exempt
funds only as borrowers).  Interfund loans and borrowings may extend  overnight,
but could  have a maximum  duration  of seven  days.  Loans may be called on one
day's notice. A Fund may have to borrow from a bank at a higher interest rate if
an interfund loan is called or not renewed.  Any delay in repayment to a lending
fund could result in a lost  investment  opportunity  or additional  costs.  The
program                                                                         

10

P-->497296th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 296th
is  subject  to  the  oversight  and  periodic  review  of  the  Boards  of  the
participating  funds. To the extent the Funds are actually  engaged in borrowing
through the interfund lending program, the Funds, as a matter of non-fundamental
policy,  may not borrow for other than temporary or emergency  purposes (and not
for  leveraging),  except  that the  Funds  may  engage  in  reverse  repurchase
agreements and dollar rolls for any purpose.                                    

Investment Company Securities. A Fund may acquire securities of other investment
companies to the extent consistent with its investment  objective and subject to
the limitations of the 1940 Act. A Fund will  indirectly bear its  proportionate
share of any management  fees and other  expenses paid by such other  investment
companies.                                                                      

For example,  a Fund may invest in a variety of investment  companies which seek
to track the  composition  and  performance  of  specific  indexes or a specific
portion of an index.  These  index-based  investments hold  substantially all of
their assets in securities representing their specific index.  Accordingly,  the
main risk of investing in index-based  investments is the same as investing in a
portfolio  of equity  securities  comprising  the index.  The  market  prices of
index-based  investments  will fluctuate in accordance  with both changes in the
market  value of their  underlying  portfolio  securities  and due to supply and
demand for the  instruments on the exchanges on which they are traded (which may
result in their  trading at a discount  or premium to their  NAVs).  Index-based
investments  may not replicate  exactly the performance of their specified index
because of  transaction  costs and because of the  temporary  unavailability  of
certain component securities of the index.                                      

Examples of index-based investments include:                                    

SPDRs(R):  SPDRs,  an acronym for "Standard & Poor's  Depositary  Receipts," are
based on the S&P 500  Composite  Stock Price Index.  They are issued by the SPDR
Trust,  a unit  investment  trust that  holds  shares of  substantially  all the
companies  in the S&P 500 in  substantially  the  same  weighting  and  seeks to
closely track the price performance and dividend yield of the Index.            

MidCap  SPDRs(R):  MidCap SPDRs are based on the S&P MidCap 400 Index.  They are
issued by the MidCap SPDR Trust, a unit investment  trust that holds a portfolio
of securities  consisting of  substantially  all of the common stocks in the S&P
MidCap 400 Index in substantially  the same weighting and seeks to closely track
the price performance and dividend yield of the Index.                          

Select Sector SPDRs(R):  Select Sector SPDRs are based on a particular sector or
group of  industries  that are  represented  by a specified  Select Sector Index
within the Standard & Poor's Composite Stock Price Index. They are issued by The
Select Sector SPDR Trust, an open-end  management  investment  company with nine
portfolios  that each seeks to closely track the price  performance and dividend
yield of a particular Select Sector Index.                                      

DIAMONDS(SM):  DIAMONDS are based on the Dow Jones Industrial Average(SM).  They
are issued by the DIAMONDS Trust, a unit investment trust that holds a portfolio
of all the component common stocks of the Dow Jones Industrial Average and seeks
to closely track the price performance and dividend yield of the Dow.           

Nasdaq-100 Shares: Nasdaq-100 Shares are based on the Nasdaq 100 Index. They are
issued by the Nasdaq-100  Trust, a unit investment  trust that holds a portfolio
consisting of substantially  all of the securities,  in  substantially  the same
weighting,  as the component stocks of the Nasdaq-100 Index and seeks to closely
track the price performance and dividend yield of the Index.                    

Investment-Grade Bonds. A Fund may purchase  "investment-grade" bonds, which are
those  rated Aaa,  Aa, A or Baa by  Moody's  or AAA,  AA, A or BBB by S&P or, if
unrated,  judged to be of  equivalent  quality  as  determined  by the  Advisor.
Moody's  considers  bonds it rates Baa to have  speculative  elements as well as
investment-grade  characteristics.   To  the  extent  that  a  Fund  invests  in
higher-grade  securities,  the  Fund  will  not  be  able  to  avail  itself  of
opportunities for higher income which may be available at lower grades.         

Investment of Uninvested  Cash  Balances.  The Funds may have cash balances that
have not been invested in portfolio securities  ("Uninvested Cash").  Uninvested
Cash may result  from a variety of  sources,  including  dividends  or  interest
received from portfolio securities, unsettled securities transactions,  reserves
held for investment strategy                                                    

11

P-->497297th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 297th
purposes, assets to cover a fund's open futures and other derivatives positions,
scheduled maturity of investments,  liquidation of investment securities to meet
anticipated  redemptions  and  dividend  payments,  and new cash  received  from
investors.  Uninvested Cash may be invested directly in money market instruments
or other short-term debt obligations. A fund may use Uninvested Cash to purchase
shares of affiliated  money market funds or shares of Cash  Management QP Trust,
or other entities for which the Advisor may act as investment  advisor now or in
the future that operate as cash management  investment vehicles but are excluded
from the  definition  of  "investment  company"  pursuant to Section  3(c)(1) or
3(c)(7) of the 1940 Act (collectively,  the "Central Funds"),  provided that any
Central  Funds  will  operate in  accordance  with Rule 2a-7 under the 1940 Act.
Investments  in such cash  management  vehicles  may  exceed  the limits of Rule
12(d)(1)(A).                                                                    

Lending of Portfolio  Securities.  A Fund may lend its investment  securities to
approved institutional borrowers,  including those who need to borrow securities
in order  to  complete  certain  transactions,  such as  covering  short  sales,
avoiding failures to deliver securities or completing arbitrage  operations.  By
lending  its  investment  securities,  a  Fund  attempts  to  increase  its  net
investment  income through the receipt of interest on the loan. Any gain or loss
in the market price of the securities loaned that might occur during the term of
the loan would belong to the Fund. A Fund may lend its investment  securities so
long as the  terms,  structure  and the  aggregate  amount of such loans are not
inconsistent  with the 1940 Act or the rules and regulations or  interpretations
of the SEC thereunder,  which currently require that (a) the borrower pledge and
maintain  with the Fund  collateral  consisting of liquid,  unencumbered  assets
having a value at all times  not less  than 100% of the value of the  securities
loaned,  (b) the  borrower  add to such  collateral  whenever  the  price of the
securities  loaned  rises (i.e.,  the borrower  "marks to the market" on a daily
basis), (c) the loan be made subject to termination by the Fund at any time, and
(d) the Fund  receives  reasonable  interest  on the loan (which may include the
Fund investing any cash collateral in interest bearing short-term  investments),
and  distributions  on the loaned  securities  and any  increase in their market
value. There may be risks of delay in recovery of the securities or even loss of
rights in the collateral should the borrower of the securities fail financially.
However,  loans will be made only to  borrowers  selected  by a Fund's  delegate
after a  commercially  reasonable  review of relevant  facts and  circumstances,
including the creditworthiness of the borrower.                                 

At the  present  time,  the staff of the SEC does not  object  if an  investment
company pays reasonable negotiated fees in connection with loaned securities, so
long as such  fees are set  forth in a  written  contract  and  approved  by the
investment company's Board of Trustees/Directors. In addition, voting rights may
pass with the loaned  securities,  but if a material  event occurs  affecting an
investment on loan, the loan must be called and the securities  voted.  Pursuant
to an exemptive order granted by the SEC, cash collateral received by a Fund may
be  invested  in a money  market  fund  managed  by the  Advisor  (or one of its
affiliates).                                                                    

Micro-Cap Companies.  While, historically,  micro-capitalization  company stocks
have  outperformed  the stocks of large  companies,  the former have customarily
involved more investment risk as well.  There can be no assurance that this will
continue  to be true in the  future.  Micro-capitalization  companies  may  have
limited product lines, markets or financial resources; may lack management depth
or experience;  and may be more vulnerable to adverse general market or economic
developments than large companies.  The prices of  micro-capitalization  company
securities  are often more  volatile than prices  associated  with large company
issues,  and can display  abrupt or erratic  movements at times,  due to limited
trading volumes and less publicly available information.                        

Also,  because   micro-capitalization   companies  normally  have  fewer  shares
outstanding and these shares trade less frequently than large companies,  it may
be more difficult for a Fund to buy and sell significant  amounts of such shares
without an unfavorable impact on prevailing market prices.                      

Some of the companies in which a Fund may invest may distribute, sell or produce
products  which have recently been brought to market and may be dependent on key
personnel.  The  securities of  micro-capitalization  companies are often traded
over-the-counter  and may not be traded in the  volumes  typical  on a  national
securities exchange. Consequently, in order to sell this type of holding, a Fund
may need to  discount  the  securities  from  recent  prices or  dispose  of the
securities over a long period of time.                                          

Participation  Interests.  A  Fund  may  purchase  from  financial  institutions
participation   interests  in  securities   in  which  a  Fund  may  invest.   A
participation interest gives a Fund an undivided interest in the security in the
proportion that a Fund's participation interest bears to the principal amount of
the security.  These  instruments may have fixed,                               

12

P-->497298th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 298th
floating or variable  interest rates,  with remaining  maturities of 397 days or
less. If the participation interest is unrated, or has been given a rating below
that which is  permissible  for purchase by a Fund, the  participation  interest
will be backed by an irrevocable letter of credit or guarantee of a bank, or the
payment obligation otherwise will be collateralized by US Government securities,
or, in the case of unrated participation interest,  determined by the Advisor to
be of comparable  quality to those  instruments in which a Fund may invest.  For
certain participation  interests,  a Fund will have the right to demand payment,
on  not  more  than  seven  days'  notice,  for  all  or any  part  of a  Fund's
participation  interests in the  security,  plus accrued  interest.  As to these
instruments,  a Fund  generally  intends to exercise its right to demand payment
only upon a default under the terms of the security.                            

Privatized Enterprises. Investments in foreign securities may include securities
issued  by  enterprises   that  have  undergone  or  are  currently   undergoing
privatization.  The  governments of certain  foreign  countries have, to varying
degrees,  embarked on privatization  programs  contemplating  the sale of all or
part of their  interests  in state  enterprises.  A  Fund's  investments  in the
securities  of  privatized   enterprises   may  include   privately   negotiated
investments in a government or  state-owned or controlled  company or enterprise
that has not yet  conducted  an  initial  equity  offering,  investments  in the
initial  offering of equity  securities  of a state  enterprise  or former state
enterprise and investments in the securities of a state enterprise following its
initial equity offering.                                                        

In certain  jurisdictions,  the ability of foreign entities,  such as a Fund, to
participate in privatizations may be limited by local law, or the price or terms
on which a Fund may be able to  participate  may be less  advantageous  than for
local investors.  Moreover, there can be no assurance that governments that have
embarked on  privatization  programs will continue to divest their  ownership of
state  enterprises,  that  proposed  privatizations  will be  successful or that
governments will not re-nationalize enterprises that have been privatized.      

In the case of the  enterprises in which a Fund may invest,  large blocks of the
stock of those  enterprises may be held by a small group of  stockholders,  even
after  the  initial  equity  offerings  by those  enterprises.  The sale of some
portion or all of those blocks could have an adverse  effect on the price of the
stock of any such enterprise.                                                   

Prior to making an initial  equity  offering,  most state  enterprises or former
state  enterprises go through an internal  reorganization  or  management.  Such
reorganizations  are made in an attempt to better  enable these  enterprises  to
compete in the private sector. However,  certain reorganizations could result in
a  management  team  that does not  function  as well as an  enterprise's  prior
management and may have a negative effect on such enterprise.  In addition,  the
privatization  of an  enterprise  by its  government  may occur over a number of
years,  with the  government  continuing to hold a  controlling  position in the
enterprise even after the initial equity offering for the enterprise.           

Prior to privatization, most of the state enterprises in which a Fund may invest
enjoy the protection of and receive  preferential  treatment from the respective
sovereigns  that own or control them.  After making an initial equity  offering,
these   enterprises   may  no  longer  have  such  protection  or  receive  such
preferential  treatment and may become subject to market  competition from which
they were  previously  protected.  Some of these  enterprises may not be able to
operate  effectively in a competitive market and may suffer losses or experience
bankruptcy due to such competition.                                             

Real  Estate  Investment  Trusts  ("REITs").   REITs  are  sometimes  informally
characterized  as equity REITs,  mortgage REITs and hybrid REITs.  Investment in
REITs may subject a Fund to risks  associated with the direct  ownership of real
estate,  such  as  decreases  in real  estate  values,  overbuilding,  increased
competition  and other risks  related to local or general  economic  conditions,
increases  in  operating  costs and  property  taxes,  changes  in zoning  laws,
casualty or condemnation losses, possible environmental liabilities,  regulatory
limitations on rent and  fluctuations  in rental income.  Equity REITs generally
experience  these risks  directly  through fee or leasehold  interests,  whereas
mortgage REITs generally  experience  these risks  indirectly  through  mortgage
interests,  unless the mortgage REIT  forecloses on the underlying  real estate.
Changes in interest  rates may also affect the value of a Fund's  investment  in
REITs.  For  instance,  during  periods of  declining  interest  rates,  certain
mortgage REITs may hold mortgages  that the  mortgagors  elect to prepay,  which
prepayment may diminish the yield on securities issued by those REITs.          

Certain REITs have relatively  small market  capitalizations,  which may tend to
increase the  volatility of the market price of their  securities.  Furthermore,
REITs  are  dependent  upon   specialized   management   skills,   have  limited

13

P-->497299th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 299th
diversification and are,  therefore,  subject to risks inherent in operating and
financing a limited  number of  projects.  REITs are also  subject to heavy cash
flow dependency, defaults by borrowers and the possibility of failing to qualify
for tax-free  pass-through of income under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
amended,   (the  "Code")  and  to  maintain   exemption  from  the  registration
requirements of the 1940 Act. By investing in REITs indirectly through a Fund, a
shareholder will bear not only his or her proportionate share of the expenses of
a Fund, but also, indirectly,  similar expenses of the REITs. In addition, REITs
depend generally on their ability to generate cash flow to make distributions to
shareholders.                                                                   

Repurchase  Agreements.  A Fund may invest in repurchase  agreements pursuant to
its investment guidelines.  In a repurchase agreement, a Fund acquires ownership
of a security and simultaneously  commits to resell that security to the seller,
typically a bank or broker-dealer.  Some repurchase commitment  transactions may
not  provide  a Fund with  collateral  marked-to-market  during  the term of the
commitment.                                                                     

A repurchase  agreement  provides a means for a Fund to earn income on funds for
periods as short as overnight.  It is an  arrangement  under which the purchaser
(i.e., a Fund) acquires a security  ("Obligation") and the seller agrees, at the
time of sale,  to  repurchase  the  Obligation  at a  specified  time and price.
Securities  subject to a repurchase  agreement are held in a segregated  account
and the value of such securities kept at least equal to the repurchase  price on
a daily basis.  The repurchase  price may be higher than the purchase price, the
difference being income to a Fund, or the purchase and repurchase  prices may be
the  same,  with  interest  at a  stated  rate due to a Fund  together  with the
repurchase  price  upon  repurchase.  In either  case,  the  income to a Fund is
unrelated to the interest rate on the  Obligation  itself.  Obligations  will be
held by the Custodian or in the Federal Reserve Book Entry system.              

It is not clear  whether a court would  consider the  Obligation  purchased by a
Fund  subject to a  repurchase  agreement  as being  owned by a Fund or as being
collateral for a loan by a Fund to the seller.  In the event of the commencement
of  bankruptcy  or  insolvency  proceedings  with  respect  to the seller of the
Obligation before repurchase of the Obligation under a repurchase  agreement,  a
Fund may encounter delay and incur costs before being able to sell the security.
Delays may involve  loss of interest or decline in price of the  Obligation.  If
the court characterizes the transaction as a loan and a Fund has not perfected a
security  interest  in the  Obligation,  a Fund may be  required  to return  the
Obligation to the seller's estate and be treated as an unsecured creditor of the
seller. As an unsecured creditor,  a Fund would be at risk of losing some or all
of the principal and income involved in the  transaction.  As with any unsecured
debt instrument  purchased for a Fund, the Advisor seeks to minimize the risk of
loss through  repurchase  agreements  by analyzing the  creditworthiness  of the
obligor,  in this case the  seller  of the  Obligation.  Apart  from the risk of
bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings, there is also the risk that the seller may
fail to repurchase the Obligation,  in which case a Fund may incur a loss if the
proceeds  to a Fund of the sale to a third  party are less  than the  repurchase
price.  However, if the market value of the Obligation subject to the repurchase
agreement  becomes less than the repurchase price (including  interest),  a Fund
will direct the seller of the  Obligation  to deliver  additional  securities so
that the market value of all securities subject to the repurchase agreement will
equal or  exceed  the  repurchase  price.  It is  possible  that a Fund  will be
unsuccessful  in seeking to  enforce  the  seller's  contractual  obligation  to
deliver additional securities.                                                  

Reverse  Repurchase  Agreements.  A Fund  may  enter  into  "reverse  repurchase
agreements,"  which are repurchase  agreements in which a Fund, as the seller of
the  securities,  agrees to repurchase  them at an agreed upon time and price. A
Fund  maintains a segregated  account in  connection  with  outstanding  reverse
repurchase agreements. Reverse repurchase agreements are deemed to be borrowings
subject to a Fund's investment  restrictions applicable to that activity. A Fund
will enter into reverse  repurchase  agreements  only when the Advisor  believes
that the interest income to be earned from the investment of the proceeds of the
transaction will be greater than the interest  expense of the transaction.  Such
transactions  may  increase  fluctuation  in the market value of Fund assets and
their yields.                                                                   

Small Company  Risk.  The Advisor  believes  that many small  companies may have
sales and earnings growth rates which exceed those of larger companies, and that
such  growth  rates  may  in  turn  be  reflected  in  more  rapid  share  price
appreciation  over time.  However,  investing in smaller company stocks involves
greater risk than is  customarily  associated  with  investing  in larger,  more
established companies.  For example,  smaller companies can have limited product
lines,  markets,  or financial and managerial  resources.  Smaller companies may
also be dependent on one or a few key persons,  and may be more  susceptible  to
losses and risks of bankruptcy. Also, the securities of smaller                 

14

P-->497300th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 300th
companies may be thinly traded (and therefore have to be sold at a discount from
current  market  prices or sold in small lots over an extended  period of time).
Transaction  costs in smaller  company stocks may be higher than those of larger
companies.                                                                      

Strategic  Transactions  and  Derivatives.  A Fund may,  but is not required to,
utilize various other investment  strategies as described below for a variety of
purposes,  such as hedging various market risks, managing the effective maturity
or duration of the  fixed-income  securities in a Fund's  portfolio or enhancing
potential gain.  These  strategies may be executed through the use of derivative
contracts.                                                                      

In the course of pursuing these investment  strategies,  a Fund may purchase and
sell  exchange-listed and  over-the-counter  put and call options on securities,
equity and fixed-income indices and other instruments, purchase and sell futures
contracts and options thereon,  enter into various  transactions  such as swaps,
caps, floors, collars,  currency forward contracts,  currency futures contracts,
currency swaps or options on currencies,  or currency  futures and various other
currency  transactions  (collectively,  all  the  above  are  called  "Strategic
Transactions").  In addition, strategic transactions may also include additional
techniques,  instruments or strategies that are permitted as regulatory  changes
occur.  Strategic  Transactions  may be used without  limit  (subject to certain
limits imposed by the 1940 Act) to attempt to protect against  possible  changes
in the  market  value  of  securities  held in or to be  purchased  for a Fund's
portfolio   resulting  from  securities   markets  or  currency   exchange  rate
fluctuations, to protect a Fund's unrealized gains in the value of its portfolio
securities,  to facilitate the sale of such securities for investment  purposes,
to manage the effective maturity or duration of a Fund's portfolio, to establish
a position in the derivatives  markets as a substitute for purchasing or selling
particular securities or for any other purpose permitted by applicable law. Some
Strategic  Transactions  may also be used to enhance  potential gain although no
more  than  5% of a  Fund's  assets  will  be  committed  to  certain  Strategic
Transactions  entered  into  for  non-hedging  purposes.  Any or  all  of  these
investment techniques may be used at any time and in any combination,  and there
is no particular  strategy  that  dictates the use of one technique  rather than
another, as use of any Strategic Transaction is a function of numerous variables
including  market  conditions.  The ability of a Fund to utilize these Strategic
Transactions  successfully  will  depend on the  Advisor's  ability  to  predict
pertinent market movements, which cannot be assured. Strategic Transactions will
not be used to alter fundamental  investment  purposes and  characteristics of a
Fund.                                                                           

Strategic  Transactions,  including derivative contracts,  have risks associated
with them  including  possible  default by the other  party to the  transaction,
illiquidity and, to the extent the Advisor's view as to certain market movements
is incorrect,  the risk that the use of such Strategic Transactions could result
in losses  greater  than if they had not been used.  Use of put and call options
may  result  in  losses  to a Fund,  force  the sale or  purchase  of  portfolio
securities  at  inopportune  times or for prices higher than (in the case of put
options)  or lower than (in the case of call  options)  current  market  values,
limit the amount of  appreciation a Fund can realize on its investments or cause
a Fund  to  hold a  security  it  might  otherwise  sell.  The  use of  currency
transactions  can result in a Fund  incurring  losses as a result of a number of
factors   including  the   imposition  of  exchange   controls,   suspension  of
settlements,  or the inability to deliver or receive a specified  currency.  The
use of  options  and  futures  transactions  entails  certain  other  risks.  In
particular,  the  variable  degree of  correlation  between  price  movements of
futures  contracts and price  movements in the related  portfolio  position of a
Fund  creates  the  possibility  that losses on the  hedging  instrument  may be
greater than gains in the value of a Fund's position.  In addition,  futures and
options   markets   may  not  be  liquid  in  all   circumstances   and  certain
over-the-counter options may have no markets. As a result, in certain markets, a
Fund might not be able to close out a transaction without incurring  substantial
losses,  if at all.  Although  the use of futures and options  transactions  for
hedging  should tend to minimize  the risk of loss due to a decline in the value
of the hedged  position,  at the same time they tend to limit any potential gain
which might  result from an increase  in value of such  position.  Finally,  the
daily variation margin requirements for futures contracts would create a greater
ongoing  potential  financial  risk than would  purchases of options,  where the
exposure  is  limited  to the  cost  of the  initial  premium.  Other  Strategic
Transactions,  such as forward  contracts and swaps, are also subject to similar
risks. Losses resulting from the use of Strategic  Transactions would reduce net
asset  value,  and possibly  income,  and such losses can be greater than if the
Strategic Transactions had not been utilized.                                   

General  Characteristics of Options. Put options and call options typically have
similar structural  characteristics and operational  mechanics regardless of the
underlying  instrument on which they are purchased or sold.  Thus, the following
general  discussion relates to each of the particular types of options discussed
in greater  detail below.  In                                                   

15

P-->497301st Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 301st
addition,  many Strategic  Transactions involving options require segregation of
Fund assets in special accounts, as described below under "Use of Segregated and
Other Special Accounts."                                                        

A put option gives the purchaser of the option,  upon payment of a premium,  the
right to sell, and the writer the  obligation to buy, the  underlying  security,
commodity,  index,  currency or other  instrument  at the  exercise  price.  For
instance, the Fund's purchase of a put option on a security might be designed to
protect its holdings in the underlying  instrument (or, in some cases, a similar
instrument) against a substantial decline in the market value by giving the Fund
the right to sell such  instrument at the option  exercise price. A call option,
upon payment of a premium,  gives the  purchaser of the option the right to buy,
and the seller the obligation to sell, the underlying instrument at the exercise
price.  A Fund's  purchase  of a call option on a  security,  financial  future,
index,  currency  or other  instrument  might be  intended  to protect  the Fund
against an increase in the price of the underlying instrument that it intends to
purchase  in the  future  by  fixing  the  price at which it may  purchase  such
instrument.  An American  style put or call option may be  exercised at any time
during  the  option  period  while a  European  style put or call  option may be
exercised only upon expiration or during a fixed period prior thereto. A Fund is
authorized to purchase and sell  exchange  listed  options and  over-the-counter
options  ("OTC  options").  Exchange  listed  options  are issued by a regulated
intermediary such as the Options Clearing Corporation ("OCC"),  which guarantees
the  performance  of the  obligations  of  the  parties  to  such  options.  The
discussion  below uses the OCC as an example,  but is also  applicable  to other
financial intermediaries.                                                       

Index options and Eurodollar instruments are cash settled for the net amount, if
any,  by which  the  option  is  "in-the-money"  (i.e.,  where  the value of the
underlying instrument exceeds, in the case of a call option, or is less than, in
the case of a put  option,  the  exercise  price of the  option) at the time the
option is exercised.  Frequently,  rather than taking or making  delivery of the
underlying  instrument  through the  process of  exercising  the option,  listed
options are closed by entering  into  offsetting  purchase or sale  transactions
that do not result in ownership of the new option.                              

A Fund's ability to close out its position as a purchaser or seller of an OCC or
exchange listed put or call option is dependent,  in part, upon the liquidity of
the option market. Among the possible reasons for the absence of a liquid option
market on an exchange are: (i) insufficient trading interest in certain options;
(ii) restrictions on transactions  imposed by an exchange;  (iii) trading halts,
suspensions or other restrictions  imposed with respect to particular classes or
series of  options or  underlying  securities  including  reaching  daily  price
limits;  (iv)  interruption of the normal  operations of the OCC or an exchange;
(v) inadequacy of the facilities of an exchange or OCC to handle current trading
volume;  or (vi) a decision by one or more exchanges to discontinue  the trading
of options  (or a  particular  class or series of  options),  in which event the
relevant market for that option on that exchange would cease to exist,  although
outstanding  options on that exchange would generally continue to be exercisable
in accordance with their terms.                                                 

The hours of trading for listed  options may not coincide  with the hours during
which the underlying  financial  instruments are traded.  To the extent that the
option   markets  close  before  the  markets  for  the   underlying   financial
instruments,  significant  price  and  rate  movements  can  take  place  in the
underlying markets that cannot be reflected in the option markets.              

OTC  options  are  purchased  from  or  sold to  securities  dealers,  financial
institutions  or  other  parties  ("Counterparties")  through  direct  bilateral
agreement with the Counterparty.  In contrast to exchange listed options,  which
generally have standardized terms and performance mechanics, all the terms of an
OTC option, including such terms as method of settlement,  term, exercise price,
premium,  guarantees and security, are set by negotiation of the parties. A Fund
will only sell OTC options (other than OTC currency options) that are subject to
a buy-back  provision  permitting a Fund to require the Counterparty to sell the
option  back to a Fund at a formula  price  within  seven days.  A Fund  expects
generally  to enter  into OTC  options  that  have cash  settlement  provisions,
although it is not required to do so.                                           

Unless the  parties  provide  for it,  there is no central  clearing or guaranty
function in an OTC option.  As a result,  if the  Counterparty  fails to make or
take delivery of the security,  currency or other  instrument  underlying an OTC
option  it has  entered  into  with a Fund or  fails  to make a cash  settlement
payment due in  accordance  with the terms of that option,  a Fund will lose any
premium  it paid  for the  option  as well  as any  anticipated  benefit  of the
transaction.  Accordingly,  the Advisor must assess the creditworthiness of each
such Counterparty or any guarantor or credit                                    

16

P-->497302nd Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 302nd
enhancement of the  Counterparty's  credit to determine the likelihood  that the
terms of the OTC option  will be  satisfied.  The Fund will engage in OTC option
transactions  only  with US  government  securities  dealers  recognized  by the
Federal  Reserve  Bank  of New  York as  "primary  dealers"  or  broker-dealers,
domestic or foreign banks or other  financial  institutions  which have received
(or the guarantors of the obligation of which have received) a short-term credit
rating of A-1 from S&P or P-1 from  Moody's  or an  equivalent  rating  from any
nationally recognized  statistical rating organization ("NRSRO") or, in the case
of OTC currency transactions,  are determined to be of equivalent credit quality
by the  Advisor.  The staff of the SEC  currently  takes the  position  that OTC
options purchased by a Fund, and portfolio securities "covering" the amount of a
Fund's  obligation  pursuant  to an OTC  option  sold  by it  (the  cost  of the
sell-back plus the in-the-money amount, if any) are illiquid, and are subject to
a Fund's  limitation on investing no more than 15% of its net assets in illiquid
securities.                                                                     

If a Fund sells a call  option,  the  premium  that it  receives  may serve as a
partial hedge,  to the extent of the option  premium,  against a decrease in the
value of the  underlying  securities  or  instruments  in its  portfolio or will
increase a Fund's income. The sale of put options can also provide income.      

A Fund may purchase and sell call  options on  securities  including US Treasury
and agency  securities,  mortgage-backed  securities,  foreign  sovereign  debt,
corporate debt securities,  equity securities (including convertible securities)
and  Eurodollar  instruments  that  are  traded  on US  and  foreign  securities
exchanges  and in the  over-the-counter  markets,  and  on  securities  indices,
currencies  and futures  contracts.  All calls sold by a Fund must be  "covered"
(i.e., a Fund must own the securities or futures  contract  subject to the call)
or must meet the asset segregation  requirements  described below as long as the
call is outstanding.  Even though a Fund will receive the option premium to help
protect it against  loss, a call sold by a Fund exposes the Fund during the term
of the option to possible loss of  opportunity  to realize  appreciation  in the
market price of the underlying  security or instrument and may require a Fund to
hold a security or instrument which it might otherwise have sold.               

A Fund may purchase and sell put options on securities including US Treasury and
agency securities, mortgage-backed securities, foreign sovereign debt, corporate
debt  securities,  equity  securities  (including  convertible  securities)  and
Eurodollar  instruments  (whether  or not it holds the above  securities  in its
portfolio),  and on securities  indices,  currencies and futures contracts other
than futures on individual  corporate debt and individual equity  securities.  A
Fund will not sell put  options  if, as a  result,  more than 50% of the  Fund's
total  assets  would  be  required  to be  segregated  to  cover  its  potential
obligations  under such put options other than those with respect to futures and
options  thereon.  In selling  put  options,  there is a risk that a Fund may be
required to buy the  underlying  security at a  disadvantageous  price above the
market price.                                                                   

General  Characteristics  of Futures. A Fund may enter into futures contracts or
purchase  or sell  put and  call  options  on such  futures  as a hedge  against
anticipated  interest rate, currency or equity market changes,  and for duration
management,  risk  management  and  return  enhancement  purposes.  Futures  are
generally  bought and sold on the  commodities  exchanges  where they are listed
with payment of initial and variation  margin as described  below. The sale of a
futures  contract  creates a firm  obligation  by the seller,  to deliver to the
buyer the specific type of financial  instrument called for in the contract at a
specific  future  time for a  specified  price  (or,  with  respect  to  certain
instruments,  such as index  futures and  Eurodollar  instruments,  the net cash
amount)  and a firm  obligation  by the buyer to deliver  the  specified  price.
Options on futures contracts are similar to options on securities except that an
option on a futures  contract  gives the  purchaser  the right in return for the
premium paid to assume a position in a futures contract and obligates the seller
to deliver such position.                                                       

The Funds have claimed exclusion from the definition of the term "commodity pool
operator" under the Commodity Exchange Act. Therefore, the Funds are not subject
to commodity  pool  operator  registration  and  regulation  under the Commodity
Exchange  Act.  Futures and options on futures may be entered into for bona fide
hedging,  risk management (including duration management) or other portfolio and
return  enhancement  management  purposes.  Typically,   maintaining  a  futures
contract  or  selling  an  option  thereon  requires  a Fund to  deposit  with a
financial  intermediary  as security  for its  obligations  an amount of cash or
other specified  assets (initial  margin) which initially is typically 1% to 10%
of the face amount of the  contract  (but may be higher in some  circumstances).
Additional  cash or assets  (variation  margin) may be required to be  deposited
thereafter  on a  daily  basis  as the  mark to  market  value  of the  contract
fluctuates. The purchase of an option on financial futures involves payment of a
premium for the option without any further  obligation on the part of a Fund. If
a Fund  exercises  an option on a futures  contract it                          

17

P-->497303rd Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 303rd
will be obligated to post initial  margin (and  potential  subsequent  variation
margin) for the  resulting  futures  position just as it would for any position.
Futures  contracts and options thereon are generally settled by entering into an
offsetting  transaction  but there can be no assurance  that the position can be
offset prior to  settlement  at an  advantageous  price,  nor that delivery will
occur.                                                                          

Options on  Securities  Indices  and Other  Financial  Indices.  A Fund also may
purchase and sell call and put options on securities indices and other financial
indices and in so doing can achieve many of the same objectives it would achieve
through  the sale or  purchase  of options  on  individual  securities  or other
instruments.  Options on  securities  indices  and other  financial  indices are
similar to options on a security or other  instrument  except that,  rather than
settling by physical delivery of the underlying instrument,  they settle by cash
settlement,  i.e.,  an option on an index gives the holder the right to receive,
upon exercise of the option, an amount of cash if the closing level of the index
upon which the option is based exceeds,  in the case of a call, or is less than,
in the case of a put, the exercise  price of the option  (except if, in the case
of an OTC option, physical delivery is specified).  This amount of cash is equal
to the excess of the closing  price of the index over the exercise  price of the
option,  which  also may be  multiplied  by a formula  value.  The seller of the
option is  obligated,  in return for the premium  received,  to make delivery of
this  amount.  The  gain or loss on an  option  on an  index  depends  on  price
movements in the instruments making up the market,  market segment,  industry or
other  composite  on which the  underlying  index is based,  rather  than  price
movements in  individual  securities,  as is the case with respect to options on
securities.                                                                     

Currency  Transactions.   A  Fund  may  engage  in  currency  transactions  with
counterparties  primarily in order to hedge,  or manage the risk of the value of
portfolio holdings denominated in particular  currencies against fluctuations in
relative  value.  Currency  transactions  include  forward  currency  contracts,
exchange listed currency futures, exchange listed and OTC options on currencies,
and currency swaps. A forward currency contract involves a privately  negotiated
obligation  to purchase or sell (with  delivery  generally  required) a specific
currency at a future  date,  which may be any fixed number of days from the date
of the contract  agreed upon by the  parties,  at a price set at the time of the
contract.  A currency  swap is an agreement to exchange  cash flows based on the
notional  difference  among two or more currencies and operates  similarly to an
interest  rate swap,  which is described  below.  A Fund may enter into currency
transactions with  counterparties  which have received (or the guarantors of the
obligations  which  have  received)  a  credit  rating  of  A-1 or P-1 by S&P or
Moody's, respectively, or that have an equivalent rating from a NRSRO or (except
for OTC currency  options) are determined to be of equivalent  credit quality by
the Advisor.                                                                    

A Fund's dealings in forward currency contracts and other currency  transactions
such as futures, options, options on futures and swaps generally will be limited
to hedging involving either specific  transactions or portfolio positions except
as described below.  Transaction hedging is entering into a currency transaction
with respect to specific  assets or liabilities of a Fund,  which will generally
arise in connection with the purchase or sale of its portfolio securities or the
receipt  of income  therefrom.  Position  hedging  is  entering  into a currency
transaction  with  respect  to  portfolio  security  positions   denominated  or
generally quoted in that currency.                                              

A Fund generally will not enter into a transaction to hedge currency exposure to
an extent greater,  after netting all transactions  intended wholly or partially
to offset other  transactions,  than the aggregate  market value (at the time of
entering into the  transaction) of the securities held in its portfolio that are
denominated or generally quoted in or currently  convertible into such currency,
other than with respect to proxy hedging or cross hedging as described below, as
applicable.                                                                     

A Fund may also cross-hedge currencies by entering into transactions to purchase
or sell one or more currencies that are expected to decline in value relative to
other  currencies  to  which  a Fund  has or in  which  a Fund  expects  to have
portfolio exposure.                                                             

To reduce  the  effect of  currency  fluctuations  on the value of  existing  or
anticipated  holdings of portfolio  securities,  a Fund may also engage in proxy
hedging.  Proxy  hedging  is  often  used  when the  currency  to which a Fund's
portfolio is exposed is  difficult  to hedge or to hedge  against the US dollar.
Proxy  hedging  entails  entering into a commitment or option to sell a currency
whose changes in value are  generally  considered to be correlated to a currency
or currencies in which some or all of a Fund's  portfolio  securities are or are
expected  to be  denominated,  in  exchange  for US  dollars.  The amount of the
commitment  or  option  would  not  exceed  the  value  of a  Fund's  securities

18

P-->497304th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 304th
denominated in correlated currencies. Currency hedging involves some of the same
risks  and  considerations  as  other  transactions  with  similar  instruments.
Currency  transactions  can  result in losses  to a Fund if the  currency  being
hedged  fluctuates  in  value  to  a  degree  or  in a  direction  that  is  not
anticipated.  Further,  there is the risk that the perceived correlation between
various  currencies  may  not be  present  or  may  not be  present  during  the
particular time that a Fund is engaging in proxy hedging.  If a Fund enters into
a currency hedging transaction,  the Fund will comply with the asset segregation
requirements described below.                                                   

Risks of  Currency  Transactions.  Currency  transactions  are  subject to risks
different from those of other portfolio  transactions.  Because currency control
is of great  importance  to the  issuing  governments  and  influences  economic
planning and policy, purchases and sales of currency and related instruments can
be  negatively  affected  by  government  exchange  controls,   blockages,   and
manipulations or exchange restrictions imposed by governments.  These can result
in losses to a Fund if it is unable to deliver or receive  currency  or funds in
settlement of obligations  and could also cause hedges it has entered into to be
rendered  useless,  resulting  in full  currency  exposure as well as  incurring
transaction  costs.  Buyers and sellers of  currency  futures are subject to the
same risks that apply to the use of futures generally.  Further, settlement of a
currency  futures  contract for the purchase of most  currencies must occur at a
bank  based in the  issuing  nation.  Trading  options  on  currency  futures is
relatively  new,  and the ability to establish  and close out  positions on such
options is subject to the maintenance of a liquid market which may not always be
available.  Currency  exchange rates may fluctuate based on factors extrinsic to
that country's economy.                                                         

Risks of Strategic  Transactions  Outside the US. When conducted outside the US,
Strategic  Transactions may not be regulated as rigorously as in the US, may not
involve a clearing mechanism and related guarantees, and are subject to the risk
of  governmental  actions  affecting  trading  in,  or the  prices  of,  foreign
securities,  currencies and other instruments.  The value of such positions also
could be adversely affected by: (i) other complex foreign  political,  legal and
economic  factors,  (ii) lesser  availability than in the US of data on which to
make trading  decisions,  (iii) delays in a Fund's  ability to act upon economic
events  occurring in foreign markets during  non-business  hours in the US, (iv)
the  imposition of different  exercise and  settlement  terms and procedures and
margin requirements than in the US, and (v) lower trading volume and liquidity. 

Swaps, Caps, Floors and Collars.  Among the Strategic  Transactions into which a
Fund may enter  are  interest  rate,  currency,  index  and other  swaps and the
purchase or sale of related  caps,  floors and collars.  A Fund expects to enter
into these transactions primarily to preserve a return or spread on a particular
investment  or  portion  of  its   portfolio,   to  protect   against   currency
fluctuations,  as a  duration  management  technique,  to  protect  against  any
increase in the price of  securities a Fund  anticipates  purchasing  at a later
date or to enhance  returns.  A Fund will not sell  interest rate caps or floors
where it does not own  securities  or other  instruments  providing  the  income
stream a Fund may be obligated to pay.  Interest rate swaps involve the exchange
by a Fund with another party of their  respective  commitments to pay or receive
interest,  e.g.,  an exchange of floating  rate payments for fixed rate payments
with respect to a notional amount of principal.  A currency swap is an agreement
to exchange cash flows on a notional amount of two or more  currencies  based on
the relative value  differential among them and an index swap is an agreement to
swap cash  flows on a  notional  amount  based on  changes  in the values of the
reference  indices.  The  purchase of a cap  entitles  the  purchaser to receive
payments on a notional  principal  amount from the party selling such cap to the
extent that a specified index exceeds a  predetermined  interest rate or amount.
The purchase of a floor entitles the purchaser to receive payments on a notional
principal  amount  from  the  party  selling  such  floor to the  extent  that a
specified index falls below a predetermined interest rate or amount. A collar is
a  combination  of a cap and a floor that  preserves a certain  return  within a
predetermined range of interest rates or values.                                

Use of Segregated and Other Special Accounts. Most Strategic  Transactions,  and
certain other instruments (such as reverse repurchase  agreements,  dollar rolls
and when-issued securities),  expose the Fund to an obligation to another party.
The Fund will comply with SEC  guidelines  regarding  cover for these  Strategic
Transactions  and instruments and will, if the guidelines so require,  segregate
on its books cash or liquid assets in the prescribed amount as determined daily.
The Fund may also enter into offsetting  transactions or own positions  covering
its  obligations.  Although  this SAI  describes  certain  permitted  methods of
segregating assets or otherwise "covering" such transactions for these purposes,
such  descriptions  are not intended to be  exhaustive.  The Fund may cover such
transactions  using other methods currently or in the future permitted under the
1940 Act,  the rules and  regulations  thereunder,  or orders  issued by the SEC
thereunder. For these purposes, interpretations and guidance provided by the SEC
staff may be taken into  account  when deemed  appropriate  by the Fund.  To the
extent that a Fund covers its                                                   

19

P-->497305th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 305th
commitment under Strategic Transactions and such other instruments, including by
segregation of liquid assets,  entering into  offsetting  transactions or owning
positions covering its obligations,  such Strategic Transactions and instruments
will not be considered a "senior security" by the Fund and therefore will not be
subject  to  the  300%  asset  coverage  requirement   otherwise  applicable  to
borrowings by the Fund.                                                         

Assets  used as cover  cannot be sold while the  position  in the  corresponding
Strategic Transaction or other such instrument is open, unless they are replaced
with other appropriate assets. As a result, the commitment of a large portion of
the Fund's assets to cover in accounts could impede portfolio  management or the
Fund's ability to meet redemption requests or other current obligations.        

Combined Transactions. Each Fund may enter into multiple transactions, including
multiple options transactions,  multiple futures transactions, multiple currency
transactions  (including forward currency  contracts) and multiple interest rate
transactions and any combination of futures, options, currency and interest rate
transactions   ("component"   transactions),   instead  of  a  single  Strategic
Transaction,  as part of a single or combined  strategy  when, in the opinion of
the  Advisor,  it is in the best  interests  of the  Fund to do so.  A  combined
transaction  will usually  contain  elements of risk that are present in each of
its component transactions.  Although combined transactions are normally entered
into based on the Advisor's  judgment that the combined  strategies  will reduce
risk or otherwise  more  effectively  achieve the desired  portfolio  management
goal, it is possible that the  combination  will instead  increase such risks or
hinder achievement of the portfolio management objective.                       

Supranational Entities.  Supranational entities are international  organizations
designated   or  supported  by   governmental   entities  to  promote   economic
reconstruction or development and international banking institutions and related
government agencies.  Examples include the International Bank for Reconstruction
and Development  (the World Bank),  the European Coal and Steel  Community,  The
Asian  Development Bank and the InterAmerican  Development Bank.  Obligations of
supranational  entities  are  backed  by the  guarantee  of one or more  foreign
governmental parties which sponsor the entity.                                  

Trust Preferred  Securities.  A Fund may invest in Trust  Preferred  Securities,
which are hybrid  instruments  issued by a special  purpose  trust (the "Special
Trust"),  the entire equity  interest of which is owned by a single issuer.  The
proceeds of the issuance to a Fund of Trust  Preferred  Securities are typically
used to purchase a junior  subordinated  debenture,  and distributions  from the
Special  Trust are funded by the  payments  of  principal  and  interest  on the
subordinated  debenture.  If  payments  on the  underlying  junior  subordinated
debentures held by the Special Trust are deferred by the debenture  issuer,  the
debentures would be treated as original issue discount  ("OID")  obligations for
the remainder of their term. As a result, holders of Trust Preferred Securities,
such as a Fund,  would be  required  to accrue  daily  for  Federal  income  tax
purposes  their  share of the  stated  interest  and the de  minimis  OID on the
debentures  (regardless of whether a Fund receives any cash  distributions  from
the Special Trust), and the value of Trust Preferred  Securities would likely be
negatively  affected.  Interest payments on the underlying  junior  subordinated
debentures  typically  may only be deferred if dividends  are  suspended on both
common and preferred  stock of the issuer.  The underlying  junior  subordinated
debentures generally rank slightly higher in terms of payment priority than both
common and preferred securities of the issuer, but rank below other subordinated
debentures and debt  securities.  Trust  Preferred  Securities may be subject to
mandatory  prepayment  under certain  circumstances.  The market values of Trust
Preferred  Securities  may be more  volatile  than  those of  conventional  debt
securities.  Trust  Preferred  Securities may be issued in reliance on Rule 144A
under the 1933 Act, and, unless and until registered, are restricted securities;
there can be no assurance as to the liquidity of Trust Preferred  Securities and
the ability of holders of Trust  Preferred  Securities,  such as a Fund, to sell
their holdings.                                                                 

US   Government   Securities.   There   are   two   broad   categories   of   US
Government-related debt instruments:  (a) direct obligations of the US Treasury,
and (b) securities issued or guaranteed by US Government agencies.              

Examples of direct  obligations  of the US Treasury are Treasury  Bills,  Notes,
Bonds and other debt securities issued by the US Treasury. These instruments are
backed  by the  "full  faith and  credit"  of the  United  States.  They  differ
primarily in interest rates, the length of maturities and the dates of issuance.
Treasury bills have original maturities of one year or less. Treasury notes have
original  maturities  of one to ten  years and  Treasury  bonds  generally  have
original maturities of greater than ten years.                                  

20

P-->497306th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 306th
Some  agency  securities  are  backed by the full faith and credit of the United
States (such as Maritime Administration Title XI Ship Financing Bonds and Agency
for  International  Development  Housing Guarantee Program Bonds) and others are
backed only by the rights of the issuer to borrow from the US Treasury  (such as
Federal Home Loan Bank Bonds and Federal National Mortgage  Association  Bonds),
while still others,  such as the securities of the Federal Farm Credit Bank, are
supported only by the credit of the issuer. With respect to securities supported
only by the credit of the issuing agency or by an additional line of credit with
the US  Treasury,  there is no  guarantee  that the US  Government  will provide
support  to such  agencies  and  such  securities  may  involve  risk of loss of
principal and interest.                                                         

US Government  Securities  may include "zero coupon"  securities  that have been
stripped  by  the  US  Government  of  their  unmatured   interest  coupons  and
collateralized  obligations  issued or guaranteed  by a US Government  agency or
instrumentality.                                                                

Interest rates on US Government  obligations may be fixed or variable.  Interest
rates on variable rate obligations are adjusted at regular  intervals,  at least
annually,  according to a formula  reflecting  then current  specified  standard
rates, such as 91-day US Treasury bill rates.  These adjustments  generally tend
to reduce fluctuations in the market value of the securities.                   

The government  guarantee of the US Government  Securities in a Fund's portfolio
does not guarantee the net asset value of the shares of a Fund. There are market
risks  inherent in all  investments in securities and the value of an investment
in a Fund will  fluctuate  over time.  Normally,  the value of investments in US
Government  Securities  varies  inversely  with changes in interest  rates.  For
example,  as  interest  rates  rise the value of  investments  in US  Government
Securities  will tend to  decline,  and as  interest  rates  fall the value of a
Fund's  investments  will tend to  increase.  In  addition,  the  potential  for
appreciation  in the event of a decline  in  interest  rates may be  limited  or
negated   by   increased   principal   prepayments   with   respect  to  certain
Mortgage-Backed  Securities,  such as  GNMA  Certificates.  Prepayments  of high
interest  rate  Mortgage-Backed  Securities  during times of declining  interest
rates will tend to lower the return of a Fund and may even result in losses to a
Fund if some securities were acquired at a premium.  Moreover, during periods of
rising interest rates,  prepayments of  Mortgage-Backed  Securities may decline,
resulting in the extension of a Fund's average portfolio maturity.  As a result,
a Fund's portfolio may experience  greater  volatility  during periods of rising
interest rates than under normal market conditions.                             

Warrants.  The holder of a warrant has the right, until the warrant expires,  to
purchase a given number of shares of a particular  issuer at a specified  price.
Such  investments  can  provide a greater  potential  for profit or loss than an
equivalent  investment  in the  underlying  security.  Prices of warrants do not
necessarily  move in  tandem  with  the  prices  of the  underlying  securities,
however, and are, therefore, considered speculative investments. Warrants pay no
dividends and confer no rights other than a purchase option.  Thus, if a warrant
held by a Fund were not  exercised by the date of its  expiration,  a Fund would
lose the entire purchase price of the warrant.                                  

When-Issued  Securities.  A Fund may from time to time purchase  equity and debt
securities on a "when-issued," "delayed  delivery" or "forward delivery" basis.
The price of such securities, which may be expressed in yield terms, is fixed at
the time the  commitment  to purchase is made,  but delivery and payment for the
securities  takes place at a later date.  During the period between purchase and
settlement, no payment is made by the Fund to the issuer and no interest accrues
to the Fund. When the Fund purchases such securities, it immediately assumes the
risks of ownership, including the risk of price fluctuation.  Failure to deliver
a security purchased on this basis may result in a loss or missed opportunity to
make an alternative investment.                                                 

To the extent that assets of the Fund are held in cash pending the settlement of
a purchase of securities,  the Fund would earn no income.  While such securities
may be sold prior to the settlement date, the Fund intends to purchase them with
the  purpose of actually  acquiring  them unless a sale  appears  desirable  for
investment  reasons.  At the time the Fund makes the  commitment  to  purchase a
security on this basis,  it will record the transaction and reflect the value of
the  security  in  determining  its net asset  value.  The  market  value of the
securities may be more or less than the purchase price.                         

Zero Coupon Securities. A Fund may invest in zero coupon securities which pay no
cash income and are sold at substantial  discounts from their value at maturity.
When held to  maturity,  their  entire  income,  which  consists of             

21

P-->497307th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 307th
accretion of  discount,  comes from the  difference  between the issue price and
their value at maturity.  Zero coupon  securities  are subject to greater market
value  fluctuations  from  changing  interest  rates  than debt  obligations  of
comparable  maturities which make current distributions of interest (cash). Zero
coupon  securities which are convertible into common stock offer the opportunity
for capital  appreciation  as increases  (or  decreases) in market value of such
securities  closely  follows the movements in the market value of the underlying
common stock. Zero coupon  convertible  securities  generally are expected to be
less volatile than the underlying common stocks, as they usually are issued with
maturities  of 15 years or less and are issued with  options  and/or  redemption
features  exercisable  by the holder of the  obligation  entitling the holder to
redeem the obligation and receive a defined cash payment.                       

Zero coupon  securities  include  securities issued directly by the US Treasury,
and US Treasury bonds or notes and their unmatured interest coupons and receipts
for their underlying  principal  ("coupons")  which have been separated by their
holder,  typically a custodian bank or investment  brokerage firm. A holder will
separate the interest  coupons from the  underlying  principal (the "corpus") of
the US Treasury  security.  A number of securities firms and banks have stripped
the interest  coupons and  receipts  and then resold them in  custodial  receipt
programs with a number of different  names,  including  "Treasury  Income Growth
Receipts" (TIGRS(TM)) and Certificate of Accrual on Treasuries  (CATS(TM)).  The
underlying US Treasury bonds and notes themselves are held in book-entry form at
the  Federal  Reserve  Bank  or,  in  the  case  of  bearer   securities  (i.e.,
unregistered  securities  which are  owned  ostensibly  by the  bearer or holder
thereof), in trust on behalf of the owners thereof.  Counsel to the underwriters
of these  certificates  or  other  evidences  of  ownership  of the US  Treasury
securities have stated that, for federal tax and securities  purposes,  in their
opinion  purchasers of such  certificates,  such as a Fund,  most likely will be
deemed the beneficial holder of the underlying US Government securities.  A Fund
understands  that the staff of the Division of Investment  Management of the SEC
no longer  considers  such  privately  stripped  obligations to be US Government
securities,  as defined in the 1940 Act; therefore,  a Fund intends to adhere to
this staff position and will not treat such privately stripped obligations to be
US  Government   securities  for  the  purpose  of  determining  if  a  Fund  is
"diversified" under the 1940 Act.                                               

The US Treasury has facilitated transfers of ownership of zero coupon securities
by accounting  separately  for the beneficial  ownership of particular  interest
coupon and corpus  payments on Treasury  securities  through the Federal Reserve
book-entry record keeping system.  The Federal Reserve program as established by
the Treasury  Department is known as "STRIPS" or "Separate Trading of Registered
Interest and Principal of Securities."  Under the STRIPS program, a Fund will be
able  to have  its  beneficial  ownership  of zero  coupon  securities  recorded
directly  in the  book-entry  record-keeping  system  in lieu of  having to hold
certificates  or other  evidences  of ownership  of the  underlying  US Treasury
securities.                                                                     

When US Treasury  obligations  have been  stripped of their  unmatured  interest
coupons  by the  holder,  the  principal  or corpus  is sold at a deep  discount
because the buyer  receives  only the right to receive a future fixed payment on
the  security  and does not  receive  any  rights to  periodic  interest  (cash)
payments.  Once  stripped  or  separated,  the  corpus and  coupons  may be sold
separately.  Typically,  the coupons are sold  separately  or grouped with other
coupons with like  maturity  dates and sold bundled in such form.  Purchasers of
stripped  obligations   acquire,  in  effect,   discount  obligations  that  are
economically  identical to the zero coupon  securities  that the Treasury  sells
itself.                                                                         

Portfolio Holdings Information                                                  

In addition to the public disclosure of Fund portfolio holdings through required
Securities and Exchange  Commission  ("SEC") quarterly  filings, a Fund may make
its portfolio holdings information publicly available on the DWS Funds' Web site
as  described  in  each  Fund's  prospectus.  Each  Fund  does  not  disseminate
non-public  information  about  portfolio  holdings  except in  accordance  with
policies and procedures adopted by each Fund.                                   

Each Fund's procedures permit non-public  portfolio  holdings  information to be
shared with Deutsche Asset Management and its affiliates  (collectively "DeAM"),
subadvisors, if any, custodians, independent registered public accounting firms,
attorneys,   officers  and  trustees/directors  and  each  of  their  respective
affiliates and advisers who require access to this  information to fulfill their
duties to each Fund and are subject to the duties of confidentiality,  including
the duty not to trade on non-public information,  imposed by law or contract, or
by each Fund's  procedures.  This non-public  information may also be disclosed,
subject to the  requirements  described  below,  to                             

22

P-->497308th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 308th
securities lending agents,  financial printers,  proxy voting firms, mutual fund
analysts and rating and tracking agencies, or to shareholders in connection with
in-kind redemptions (collectively, "Authorized Third Parties").                 

Prior to any disclosure of each Fund's non-public portfolio holdings information
to Authorized Third Parties,  a person  authorized by each Fund's Directors must
make a good faith determination in light of the facts then known that a Fund has
a legitimate business purpose for providing the information, that the disclosure
is in the  best  interest  of each  Fund,  and  that the  recipient  assents  or
otherwise has a duty to keep the information confidential and to not trade based
on the  information  received  while  the  information  remains  non-public.  No
compensation is received by each Fund or DeAM for disclosing non-public holdings
information.  Periodic  reports  regarding these  procedures will be provided to
each Fund's Directors.                                                          

Portfolio  holdings  information  distributed  by the trading desks of DeAM or a
subadvisor for the purpose of facilitating  efficient trading of such securities
and receipt of relevant  research is not subject to the foregoing  requirements.
Non-public   portfolio   holding   information   does  not   include   portfolio
characteristics (other than holdings or subsets of holdings) about each Fund and
information  derived therefrom,  including,  but not limited to, how each Fund's
investments are divided among various sectors, industries,  countries, value and
growth stocks,  bonds,  currencies and cash,  types of bonds,  bond  maturities,
duration,  bond coupons and bond credit  quality  ratings so long as each Fund's
holdings could not be derived from such information.                            

Registered  investment  companies  that are subadvised by DeAM may be subject to
different portfolio holdings disclosure policies,  and neither DeAM nor a Fund's
Directors  exercise  control over such policies.  In addition,  separate account
clients of DeAM have access to their portfolio holdings and are not subject to a
Fund's portfolio  holdings  disclosure policy. The portfolio holdings of some of
the Funds  subadvised by DeAM and some of the separate  accounts managed by DeAM
may substantially overlap with the portfolio holdings of a Fund.                

DeAM also  manages  certain  unregistered  commingled  trusts and creates  model
portfolios,  the portfolio holdings of which may substantially  overlap with the
portfolio  holdings of a Fund. To the extent that investors in these  commingled
trusts  or  recipients  of model  portfolio  holdings  information  may  receive
portfolio  holdings  information  of their  trust or of a model  portfolio  on a
different basis from that on which Fund portfolio  holdings  information is made
public,  DeAM has implemented  procedures  reasonably designed to encourage such
investors and recipients to keep such information  confidential,  and to prevent
those investors from trading on the basis of non-public holdings information.   

There is no assurance that a Fund's  policies and procedures with respect to the
disclosure  of  portfolio  holdings  information  will  protect  a Fund from the
potential  misuse of portfolio  holdings  information  by those in possession of
that information.                                                               

23

P-->497309th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 309th
24

P-->497310th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 310th
 MANAGEMENT OF THE FUNDS

Investment Advisor                                                              

On April 5,  2002,  100% of Zurich  Scudder  Investments,  Inc.,  not  including
certain UK  operations  (known as  Threadneedle  Investments),  was  acquired by
Deutsche Bank AG and changed its name to Deutsche Investment Management Americas
Inc. ("DIMA" or the "Advisor"). DIMA, which is part of Deutsche Asset Management
("DeAM"),  is the investment advisor for the Funds. Under the supervision of the
Board of Directors of each Fund, with headquarters at 345 Park Avenue, New York,
New York 10154,  DIMA makes the  Funds'  investment  decisions,  buys and sells
securities for the Funds and conducts  research that leads to these purchase and
sale decisions.  The Advisor  manages each Fund's daily  investment and business
affairs  subject to the  policies  established  by each  Corporation's  Board of
Directors.  DIMA and its  predecessors  have  more  than 80 years of  experience
managing  mutual  funds.  DIMA  provides  a full  range of  investment  advisory
services to institutional and retail clients.  The Funds' investment  advisor is
also responsible for selecting brokers and dealers and for negotiating brokerage
commissions  and dealer  charges.  The  Advisor's  duties are  described in more
detail below.                                                                   

DeAM is the  marketing  name in the US for the asset  management  activities  of
Deutsche Bank AG, DIMA,  Deutsche  Asset  Management  Inc.,  Deutsche Bank Trust
Company  Americas  and DWS  Trust  Company.  DeAM is a global  asset  management
organization  that offers a wide range of  investing  expertise  and  resources,
including  hundreds of portfolio  managers and analysts,  and an office  network
that reaches the world's major investment centers.  This  well-resourced  global
investment  platform brings together a wide variety of experience and investment
insight, across industries, regions, asset classes and investing styles. DIMA is
an indirect,  wholly-owned subsidiary of Deutsche Bank AG. Deutsche Bank AG is a
major global  banking  institution  that is engaged in a wide range of financial
services,  including investment  management,  mutual funds, retail,  private and
commercial banking,  investment banking and insurance. The term "DWS Scudder" is
the  designation  given to the products  and  services  provided by DeAM and its
affiliates to the DWS Mutual Funds.                                             

The Advisor provides  investment  counsel for many individuals and institutions,
including  insurance  companies,  industrial  corporations,  and  financial  and
banking  organizations,  as well as  providing  investment  advice  to open- and
closed-end SEC registered funds.                                                

In certain cases, the investments for a Fund are managed by the same individuals
who manage one or more  other  mutual  funds  advised by the  Advisor  that have
similar names, objectives and investment styles. You should be aware that a Fund
is likely to differ from these other mutual funds in size, cash flow pattern and
tax matters. Accordingly, the holdings and performance of a Fund can be expected
to vary from those of these other mutual funds.                                 

Certain  investments  may be  appropriate  for a Fund and also for other clients
advised by the Advisor.  Investment  decisions  for a Fund and other clients are
made with a view to achieving their respective  investment  objectives and after
consideration  of such factors as their current  holdings,  availability of cash
for  investment  and the  size of their  investments  generally.  Frequently,  a
particular  security  may be bought or sold for only one client or in  different

25

P-->497311th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 311th
amounts  and at  different  times for more  than one but less than all  clients.
Likewise,  a particular  security may be bought for one or more clients when one
or more other clients are selling the security. In addition,  purchases or sales
of the same  security  may be made for two or more  clients on the same day.  In
such event,  such  transactions  will be allocated among the clients in a manner
believed by the Advisor to be equitable to each. In some cases,  this  procedure
could have an adverse effect on the price or amount of the securities  purchased
or sold by a Fund.  Purchase  and sale  orders for a Fund may be  combined  with
those of other  clients of the  Advisor in the  interest of  achieving  the most
favorable net results to a Fund.                                                

The Boards and the  shareholders  of each Fund recently  approved an amended and
restated investment management agreement (the "Investment Management Agreement")
for the Funds.  Pursuant to each Investment  Management  Agreement,  the Advisor
provides  continuing  investment  management  of the  assets  of each  Fund.  In
addition to the  investment  management of the assets of each Fund,  the Advisor
determines the  investments to be made for each Fund,  including what portion of
its assets  remain  uninvested  in cash or cash  equivalents,  and with whom the
orders for  investments  are placed,  consistent  with each  Fund's  policies as
stated in its  Prospectus  and SAI,  or as adopted  by each  Fund's  Board.  The
Advisor  will  also  monitor,  to  the  extent  not  monitored  by  each  Fund's
administrator or other agent, the Fund's  compliance with its investment and tax
guidelines and other compliance policies.                                       

The Advisor  provides  assistance to each Fund's Board in valuing the securities
and other  instruments held by each Fund, to the extent  reasonably  required by
valuation policies and procedures that may be adopted by each Fund.             

Pursuant to each Investment Management Agreement,  (unless otherwise provided in
the agreement or as determined by each Fund's Board and to the extent  permitted
by applicable  law), the Advisor pays the  compensation  and expenses of all the
Board  members,  officers,  and executive  employees of the Fund,  including the
Fund's share of payroll taxes, who are affiliated persons of the Advisor.       

Each  Investment  Management  Agreement  provides  that  the  Fund is  generally
responsible  for expenses  that  include:  fees payable to the Advisor;  outside
legal,  accounting  or auditing  expenses,  including  with  respect to expenses
related to negotiation,  acquisition or  distribution of portfolio  investments;
maintenance  of books and records that are  maintained  by the Fund,  the Fund's
custodian,  or other agents of the Fund; taxes and  governmental  fees; fees and
expenses   of  the   Fund's   accounting   agent,   custodian,   sub-custodians,
depositories,  transfer  agents,  dividend  reimbursing  agents and  registrars;
payment  for  portfolio  pricing  or  valuation   services  to  pricing  agents,
accountants,  bankers and other specialists,  if any;  brokerage  commissions or
other costs of  acquiring  or disposing  of any  portfolio  securities  or other
instruments  of the  Fund;  and  litigation  expenses  and  other  extraordinary
expenses not incurred in the ordinary course of the Fund's business.            

Each Investment  Management  Agreement allows the Advisor to delegate any of its
duties under the  Agreement to a  subadvisor,  subject to a majority vote of the
Board of the Fund,  including  a  majority  of the Board who are not  interested
persons of the Fund, and, if required by applicable  law,  subject to a majority
vote of the Fund's shareholders.                                                

Each  Investment  Management  Agreement  provides  that the Advisor shall not be
liable for any error of judgment  or mistake of law or for any loss  suffered by
the Fund in  connection  with matters to which the agreement  relates,  except a
loss resulting from willful  malfeasance,  bad faith or gross  negligence on the
part of the Advisor in the performance of its duties or from reckless  disregard
by the  Advisor  of  its  obligations  and  duties  under  the  agreement.  Each
Investment  Management  Agreement may be terminated at any time, without payment
of penalty,  by either party or by vote of a majority of the outstanding  voting
securities of the Fund on 60 days' written notice.                              

For all services provided under each Investment Management Agreement,  the Funds
pay the advisor a fee, computed daily and paid monthly, at the annual rates as a
percentage of net assets shown below:                                           

DWS Global Thematic Fund                       Management Fee Rate              
------------------------                       -------------------              

$0-$500 million                                        0.915%                   
$500 million-$1 billion                                0.865%                   
$1 billion-$1.5 billion                                0.815%                   

26

P-->497312th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 312th
DWS Global Thematic Fund                       Management Fee Rate              
------------------------                       -------------------              

$1.5 billion-$2 billion                                0.765%                   
over $2 billion                                        0.715%                   

Through  June 11,  2007,  DWS  International  Fund  paid the  Advisor  under the
investment management agreement as follows:                                     

DWS International Fund                         Management Fee Rate              
----------------------                         -------------------              

$0-$6 billion                                           0.59%                   
$6 billion-$7 billion                                   0.54%                   
Over $7 billion                                        0.515%                   

Effective  June 11,  2007,  DWS  International  Fund pays the Advisor  under the
investment  management  agreement a fee,  calculated daily and paid monthly,  as
follows:                                                                        

DWS International Fund                         Management Fee Rate              
----------------------                         -------------------              

$0-$2.5 billion                                        0.565%                   
$2.5 billion-$5 billion                                0.545%                   
$5 billion-$10 billion                                 0.525%                   
$10 billion-$15 billion                                0.515%                   
Over $15 billion                                       0.465%                   

The fees are payable  monthly,  provided  that each Fund will make such  interim
payments as may be  requested  by the Advisor not to exceed 75% of the amount of
the fee then accrued on the books of a Fund and unpaid.                         

The advisory fees paid by each Fund for its last three fiscal years are shown in
the table below.                                                                

                                                                [Download Table]


Fund                      Fiscal Year 2007  Fiscal Year 2006*  Fiscal Year 2005*
----                      ----------------  -----------------  -----------------

                                                                                
DWS Global Thematic Fund      $15,662,093       $10,935,782         $8,883,911  
DWS International Fund        $10,999,420       $10,835,832        $10,735,566  

* Prior to June 1, 2006, these fees included an administrative service fee.     

DWS  Global  Thematic  Fund.   Through  September  30,  2008,  the  Advisor  has
contractually  agreed  to  waive  all or a  portion  of its  management  fee and
reimburse  or pay  operating  expenses to the extent  necessary  to maintain the
fund's total operating  expenses at 1.90% for Class R shares,  excluding certain
expenses such as extraordinary expenses, taxes, brokerage and interest.         

DWS International Fund. Through November 30, 2010, the Advisor has contractually
agreed to waive all or a portion  of its  management  fee and  reimburse  or pay
operating  expenses of the fund to the extent  necessary  to maintain the fund's
total operating  expenses at 1.28%,  2.03%, 2.03% and 0.88%,  respectively,  for
Class A, Class B, Class C and  Institutional  Class  shares,  excluding  certain
expenses such as extraordinary expenses, taxes, brokerage and interest.         

The Advisor may enter into  arrangements with affiliates and third party service
providers to perform  various  administrative,  back-office  and other  services
relating to client accounts.  Such service providers may be located in the US or
in non-US jurisdictions.                                                        

In addition,  the Boards and  shareholders of each Fund recently  approved a new
subadvisor approval policy for the Fund (the "Subadvisor Approval Policy").  The
Subadvisor  Approval Policy permits the Advisor,  subject to the approval of the
applicable  Board,  including a majority of its  independent  board members,  to
appoint and replace                                                             

27

P-->497313th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 313th
subadvisors and to amend  sub-advisory  contracts without obtaining  shareholder
approval.  Under the Subadvisor  Approval  Policy,  the Boards,  including their
independent  board  members,  will  continue  to  evaluate  and  approve all new
sub-advisory  contracts  between the Advisor and any subadvisor,  as well as all
changes to any existing  sub-advisory  contract.  Each Fund cannot implement the
Subadvisor  Approval Policy without the SEC either adopting revisions to current
rules (as it proposed  to do in October  2003) or  granting  the Fund  exemptive
relief  from  existing  rules.  Each Fund and the  Advisor  would be  subject to
certain  conditions  imposed  by the SEC  (and  certain  conditions  that may be
imposed in the future within either  exemptive  relief or a rule) to ensure that
the interests of the Fund and its shareholders are adequately protected whenever
the Advisor acts under the Subadvisor Approval Policy, including any shareholder
notice requirements.                                                            

Officers and  employees  of the Advisor from time to time may have  transactions
with various  banks,  including the Funds'  custodian  bank. It is the Advisor's
opinion that the terms and conditions of those  transactions which have occurred
were  not   influenced  by  existing  or  potential   custodial  or  other  Fund
relationships.                                                                  

Pursuant to DeAM  procedures  approved by the Boards on behalf of the DWS funds,
proof of claim forms are  routinely  filed on behalf of the DWS funds by a third
party service provider,  with certain limited exceptions.  The Boards of the DWS
funds receive periodic reports regarding the implementation of these procedures.

Administrative Agreement                                                        

Effective  June 1, 2006,  each Fund entered into a new  administrative  services
agreement with the Advisor (the "Administrative  Services Agreement"),  pursuant
to which the Advisor  provides  administrative  services to the Fund  including,
among others,  providing the Fund with personnel,  preparing and making required
filings on behalf of the Fund,  maintaining  books and records for the Fund, and
monitoring the valuation of Fund securities. For all services provided under the
Administrative  Services  Agreement,  each Fund pays the Advisor a fee, computed
daily and paid monthly, of 0.10% of the Fund's average daily net assets.        

Under the  Administrative  Services  Agreement,  the Advisor is  obligated  on a
continuous  basis to provide such  administrative  services as each Board of the
Funds reasonably deems necessary for the proper administration of the Funds. The
Advisor  provides each Fund with  personnel;  arranges for the  preparation  and
filing of the Fund's tax  returns;  prepares  and  submits  reports  and meeting
materials to the Board and the  shareholders;  prepares and files updates to the
Fund's  prospectus  and  statement of  additional  information  as well as other
reports required to be filed by the SEC; maintains the Fund's records;  provides
the Fund with office space, equipment and services;  supervises,  negotiates the
contracts of and monitors the performance of third parties contractors; oversees
the  tabulation of proxies;  monitors the valuation of portfolio  securities and
monitors  compliance  with  Board-approved  valuation  procedures;   assists  in
establishing  the  accounting  and tax  policies  of the  Fund;  assists  in the
resolution  of  accounting  issues  that may  arise  with  respect  to the Fund;
establishes  and  monitors the Fund's  operating  expense  budgets;  reviews and
processes the Fund's bills;  assists in determining  the amount of dividends and
distributions  available to be paid by the Fund,  prepares and arranges dividend
notifications  and provides  information to agents to effect  payments  thereof;
provides to the Board periodic and special  reports;  provides  assistance  with
investor and public relations  matters;  and monitors the registration of shares
under  applicable  federal and state law. The Advisor also performs certain fund
accounting   services  under  the   Administrative   Services   Agreement.   The
Administrative  Services  Agreement provides that the Advisor will not be liable
under the Administrative Services Agreement except for willful misfeasance,  bad
faith or  negligence  in the  performance  of its  duties  or from the  reckless
disregard by it of its duties and obligations thereunder.                       

For DWS Global  Thematic  Fund,  for the period from June 1, 2006 through August
31, 2006, the Advisor received an Administration  Fee of $318,009.  For the year
ended August 31, 2007, the Advisor received an Administration Fee of $1,857,061,
of which $187,665 is unpaid at August 31, 2007.                                 

For DWS International  Fund, for the period from June 1, 2006 through August 31,
2006, the Advisor received an Administration Fee of $410,578. For the year ended
August 31, 2007, the Advisor received an  Administration  Fee of $1,884,854,  of
which $187,079 is unpaid at August 31, 2007.                                    

28

P-->497314th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 314th
Pursuant to an agreement between the Administrator and Brown Brothers Harriman &
Co., ("BBH"), the Administrator has delegated certain  administrative  functions
to  BBH.  The  costs  and  expenses  of  such   delegation   are  borne  by  the
Administrator, not by the Fund.                                                 

Pursuant  to  Deutsche  Asset  Management  procedures  approved by the Boards on
behalf of the DWS funds,  proof of claim forms are routinely  filed on behalf of
the  DWS  funds  by  a  third  party  service  provider,  with  certain  limited
exceptions.  The Boards of the DWS funds receive periodic reports  regarding the
implementation of these procedures.                                             

Codes of Ethics                                                                 

The Funds,  the Advisor and the Funds'  principal  underwriter have each adopted
codes of ethics under Rule 17j-1 under the 1940 Act. Board members,  officers of
the  Corporations  and  employees of the Advisor and principal  underwriter  are
permitted to make personal securities  transactions,  including  transactions in
securities  that may be purchased or held by the Funds,  subject to requirements
and restrictions set forth in the applicable Code of Ethics.  The Advisor's Code
of Ethics contains provisions and requirements  designed to identify and address
certain  conflicts of interest  between personal  investment  activities and the
interests  of the  Funds.  Among  other  things,  the  Advisor's  Code of Ethics
prohibits  certain types of  transactions  absent prior  approval,  imposes time
periods  during  which  personal   transactions  may  not  be  made  in  certain
securities,  and requires the submission of duplicate broker  confirmations  and
quarterly reporting of securities transactions. Additional restrictions apply to
portfolio  managers,  traders,  research  analysts  and others  involved  in the
investment  advisory  process.  Exceptions to these and other  provisions of the
Advisor's Code of Ethics may be granted in particular circumstances after review
by appropriate personnel.                                                       

Regulatory Matters and Legal Proceedings                                        

On December 21, 2006,  Deutsche Asset Management  ("DeAM")  settled  proceedings
with the  Securities and Exchange  Commission  ("SEC") and the New York Attorney
General on behalf of Deutsche  Asset  Management,  Inc.  ("DAMI") and DIMA,  the
investment advisors to many of the DWS Scudder funds,  regarding  allegations of
improper  trading of fund  shares at DeAM and at the legacy  Scudder  and Kemper
organizations prior to their acquisition by DeAM in April 2002. These regulators
alleged that although the prospectuses for certain funds in the regulators' view
indicated  that the funds did not permit market  timing,  DAMI and DIMA breached
their  fiduciary  duty to those  funds in that their  efforts  to limit  trading
activity in the funds were not effective at certain times.  The regulators  also
alleged that DAMI and DIMA  breached  their  fiduciary  duty to certain funds by
entering into certain market timing  arrangements with investors.  These trading
arrangements  originated  in  businesses  that  existed  prior to the  currently
constituted  DeAM  organization,  which  came  together  as a result of  various
mergers of the legacy Scudder,  Kemper and Deutsche fund groups,  and all of the
arrangements were terminated prior to the start of the regulatory investigations
that  began in the summer of 2003.  No  current  DeAM  employee  approved  these
trading arrangements.  Under the terms of the settlements, DAMI and DIMA neither
admitted nor denied any wrongdoing.                                             

The terms of the SEC settlement, which identified improper trading in the legacy
Deutsche and Kemper mutual funds only,  provide for payment of  disgorgement  in
the  amount  of $17.2  million.  The terms of the  settlement  with the New York
Attorney  General  provide for payment of  disgorgement  in the amount of $102.3
million, which is inclusive of the amount payable under the SEC settlement, plus
a civil penalty in the amount of $20 million.  The total amount payable by DeAM,
approximately  $122.3  million,  will  be  distributed  to  shareholders  of the
affected  funds in  accordance  with a  distribution  plan to be  developed by a
distribution  consultant.  The funds'  investment  advisors do not believe these
amounts  will have a material  adverse  financial  impact on them or  materially
affect their ability to perform  under their  investment  management  agreements
with the DWS funds.  The  above-described  amounts are not  material to Deutsche
Bank, and have already been reserved.                                           

Among the terms of the settled orders,  DeAM is subject to certain  undertakings
regarding  the conduct of its business in the future,  including  formation of a
Code of Ethics  Oversight  Committee  to oversee all matters  relating to issues
arising  under  the  advisors'  Code of  Ethics;  establishment  of an  Internal
Compliance Controls Committee having overall compliance oversight responsibility
of the advisors; engagement of an Independent Compliance Consultant to conduct a
comprehensive review of the advisors' supervisory  compliance and other policies
and  procedures                                                                 

29

P-->497315th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 315th
designed to prevent and detect breaches of fiduciary duty,  breaches of the Code
of Ethics and  federal  securities  law  violations  by the  advisors  and their
employees;  and  commencing  in 2008,  the advisors  shall  undergo a compliance
review by an independent third party.                                           

In addition,  DeAM is subject to certain  further  undertakings  relating to the
governance  of the mutual funds,  including  that at least 75% of the members of
the  Boards  of  Trustees/Directors  overseeing  the DWS  Funds  continue  to be
independent of DeAM; the Chairmen of the DWS Funds' Boards of Trustees/Directors
continue to be  independent  of DeAM;  DeAM  maintain  existing  management  fee
reductions  for  certain  funds  for a period  of five  years  and not  increase
management  fees for these certain funds during this period;  the funds retain a
senior  officer (or  independent  consultants,  as applicable)  responsible  for
assisting in the review of fee  arrangements  and  monitoring  compliance by the
funds and the investment advisors with securities laws,  fiduciary duties, codes
of ethics and other compliance policies,  the expense of which shall be borne by
DeAM; and periodic account  statements,  fund prospectuses and the mutual funds'
web site contain  additional  disclosure  and/or tools that assist  investors in
understanding  the fees and costs associated with an investment in the funds and
the impact of fees and expenses on fund returns.                                

DeAM has also settled proceedings with the Illinois Secretary of State regarding
market timing matters. The terms of the Illinois settlement provide for investor
education  contributions  totaling approximately $4 million and a payment in the
amount of $2 million to the Securities Audit and Enforcement Fund.              

On September  28,  2006,  the SEC and the  National  Association  of  Securities
Dealers  ("NASD")  announced  final  agreements  in  which  Deutsche  Investment
Management Americas Inc. ("DIMA"),  Deutsche Asset Management, Inc. ("DAMI") and
Scudder  Distributors,  Inc. ("DWS-SDI") (now known as DWS Scudder Distributors,
Inc.)  settled  administrative  proceedings  regarding  disclosure  of brokerage
allocation  practices in connection  with sales of the Scudder Funds' (now known
as the DWS Scudder Funds) shares during  2001-2003.  The agreements with the SEC
and NASD are reflected in orders which state, among other things,  that DIMA and
DAMI failed to disclose potential conflicts of interest to the funds' Boards and
to  shareholders   relating  to  DWS-SDI's  use  of  certain  funds'   brokerage
commissions to reduce revenue sharing costs to broker-dealer  firms with whom it
had  arrangements to market and distribute  Scudder Fund shares.  These directed
brokerage practices were discontinued in October 2003.                          

Under the terms of the  settlements,  in which DIMA,  DAMI and  DWS-SDI  neither
admitted  nor denied any of the  regulators'  findings,  DIMA,  DAMI and DWS-SDI
agreed to pay  disgorgement,  prejudgment  interest  and civil  penalties in the
total amount of $19.3 million. The portion of the settlements distributed to the
funds was approximately $17.8 million and was paid to the funds as prescribed by
the settlement  orders based upon the amount of brokerage  commissions from each
fund used to satisfy revenue sharing  agreements  with  broker-dealers  who sold
fund shares.                                                                    

As part of the  settlements,  DIMA,  DAMI and DWS-SDI  also agreed to  implement
certain measures and undertakings relating to revenue sharing payments including
making  additional  disclosures  in the funds'  Prospectuses  or  Statements  of
Additional  Information,  adopting or modifying relevant policies and procedures
and providing regular reporting to the fund Boards.                             

Additional  information announced by DeAM regarding the terms of the settlements
is available at www.dws-scudder.com/regulatory_settlements.                     

The matters alleged in the regulatory  settlements described above also serve as
the general basis of a number of private class action lawsuits involving the DWS
funds. These lawsuits name as defendants various persons,  including certain DWS
funds,  the  funds'  investment  advisors  and  their  affiliates,  and  certain
individuals,  including  in some cases fund  Trustees/Directors,  officers,  and
other parties.  Each DWS fund's  investment  advisor has agreed to indemnify the
applicable  DWS funds in connection  with these  lawsuits,  or other lawsuits or
regulatory actions that may be filed making similar allegations.                

Based on currently available information, the funds' investment advisors believe
the likelihood that the pending lawsuits will have a material adverse  financial
impact on a DWS fund is remote and such  actions  are not  likely to  materially
affect their ability to perform  under their  investment  management  agreements
with the DWS funds.                                                             

30

P-->497316th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 316th
Compensation of Portfolio Managers                                              

Each  Fund has been  advised  that the  Advisor  seeks to offer  its  investment
professionals  competitive  short-term  and  long-term  compensation.  Portfolio
managers and research professionals are paid (i) fixed base salaries,  which are
linked to job function,  responsibilities  and financial  services industry peer
comparison  and (ii)  variable  compensation,  which  is  linked  to  investment
performance, individual contributions to the team and DWS Scudder's and Deutsche
Bank's  financial  results.  Variable  compensation  may  include  a cash  bonus
incentive and  participation in a variety of long-term equity programs  (usually
in the form of Deutsche Bank equity).                                           

Bonus  and  long-term   incentives   comprise  a  greater  proportion  of  total
compensation as an investment  professional's  seniority and compensation levels
increase.  Top performing  investment  professionals  earn a total  compensation
package  that is highly  competitive,  including  a bonus that is a multiple  of
their base  salary.  The amount of equity  awarded  under the  long-term  equity
programs is generally based on the individual's total  compensation  package and
may  comprise  from  0%-40%  of  the  total  compensation  award.  As  incentive
compensation increases,  the percentage of compensation awarded in Deutsche Bank
equity also increases. Certain senior investment professionals may be subject to
a mandatory diverting of a portion of their equity compensation into proprietary
mutual funds that they manage.                                                  

To  evaluate  its  investment  professionals,  the  Advisor  uses a  Performance
Management  Process.   Objectives  evaluated  by  the  process  are  related  to
investment  performance and generally take into account peer group and benchmark
related data.  The ultimate goal of this process is to link the  performance  of
investment  professionals  with  client  investment  objectives  and to  deliver
investment   performance   that  meets  or  exceeds  clients'  risk  and  return
objectives. When determining total compensation,  the Advisor considers a number
of quantitative and qualitative factors such as:                                

o        DWS  Scudder   performance   and  the  performance  of  Deutsche  Asset
         Management, quantitative measures which include 1, 3 and 5 year pre-tax
         returns versus benchmark (such as the benchmark used in the prospectus)
         and appropriate  peer group,  taking into  consideration  risk targets.
         Additionally, the portfolio manager's retail/institutional asset mix is
weighted, as appropriate for evaluation purposes.             

o        Qualitative  measures include  adherence to the investment  process and
         individual  contributions  to  the  process,  among  other  things.  In
         addition, the Advisor assesses compliance, risk management and teamwork
skills.                                                       

o        Other factors,  including  contributions made to the investment team as
         well as  adherence  to  compliance,  risk  management,  and "living the
         values" of the Advisor,  are part of a  discretionary  component  which
         gives  management the ability to reward these behaviors on a subjective
basis through bonus incentives.                               

In addition,  the Advisor analyzes  competitive  compensation levels through the
use of extensive market data surveys. Portfolio manager compensation is reviewed
and may be modified each year as appropriate  to reflect  changes in the market,
as well as to adjust the  factors  used to  determine  overall  compensation  to
promote good sustained investment performance.                                  

Fund Ownership of Portfolio Managers                                            

The following table shows the dollar range of shares owned  beneficially  and of
record by each Fund's portfolio  manager in the Fund as well as in all DWS Funds
as a group  (i.e.  those  funds  advised by  Deutsche  Asset  Management  or its
affiliates), including investments by their immediate family members sharing the
same household and amounts invested through retirement and deferred compensation
plans.  This  information  is provided as of each Fund's most recent fiscal year
end.                                                                            

31

P-->497317th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 317th
                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]


                                           Dollar Range of    Dollar Range of All DWS
Name of Portfolio Manager                 Fund Shares Owned      Fund Shares Owned   
-------------------------                 -----------------      -----------------   

                                                                                     
Oliver Kratz - DWS Global Thematic Fund  $100,000 - $500,000    $100,000 - $500,000  
Matthias Knerr - DWS International Fund  $100,000 - $500,000   $500,000 - $1,000,000 

Conflicts of Interest                                                           

In addition to managing the assets of the Fund,  each Fund's  portfolio  manager
may have responsibility for managing other client accounts of the Advisor or its
affiliates.  The tables below show, for each portfolio  manager,  the number and
asset size of (1) SEC registered  investment companies (or series thereof) other
than the Fund, (2) pooled investment vehicles that are not registered investment
companies and (3) other  accounts  (e.g.,  accounts  managed for  individuals or
organizations)  managed by each  portfolio  manager.  The  tables  also show the
number of  performance  based fee  accounts,  as well as the total assets of the
accounts for which the advisory fee is based on the  performance of the account.
This information is provided as of each Fund's most recent fiscal year end.     

Other SEC Registered Investment Companies Managed:                              

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]


                                              Number of    Total Assets of   Number of Investment                    
                                             Registered      Registered        Company Accounts     Total Assets of  
                                             Investment      Investment              with           Performance-Based
Name of Portfolio Manager                     Companies       Companies      Performance-Based Fee    Fee Accounts   
-------------------------                     ---------       ---------      ---------------------    ------------   

                                                                                                                     
Oliver Kratz - DWS Global Thematic Fund             6          $808,948,012            0                   $0        
Matthias Knerr - DWS International Fund             3        $1,223,250,282            0                   $0        

Other Pooled Investment Vehicles Managed:                                                                            

                                              Number of    Total Assets of     Number of Pooled     Total Assets of  
                                               Pooled          Pooled         Investment Vehicle      Performance-   
                                             Investment      Investment          Accounts with         Based Fee     
Name of Portfolio Manager                     Vehicles        Vehicles       Performance-Based Fee      Accounts     
-------------------------                     --------        --------       ---------------------      --------     

Oliver Kratz - DWS Global Thematic Fund            13         $513,333,402             0                   $0        
Matthias Knerr - DWS International Fund             4          $83,151,941             0                   $0        

Other Accounts Managed:                                                                                              
                                                                                Number of Other      Total Assets of 
                                                                                 Accounts with        Performance-   
                                              Number of    Total Assets of    Performance- Based        Based Fee    
Name of Portfolio Manager                  Other Accounts  Other Accounts             Fee               Accounts     
-------------------------                  --------------  --------------             ---               --------     

Oliver Kratz - DWS Global Thematic Fund             11      $1,504,399,612             1              $232,750,440   
Matthias Knerr - DWS International Fund              4        $927,015,289             0                        $0   

In  addition  to the  accounts  above,  an  investment  professional  may manage
accounts in a personal  capacity that may include  holdings that are similar to,
or the same as,  those of the Fund.  The  Advisor  has in place a Code of Ethics
that is designed to address  conflicts of interest and that, among other things,
imposes  restrictions  on the ability of portfolio  managers  and other  "access
persons" to invest in securities  that may be  recommended or traded in the Fund
and other client accounts.                                                      

32

P-->497318th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 318th
Real,  potential  or apparent  conflicts  of interest may arise when a portfolio
manager has day-to-day  portfolio  management  responsibilities  with respect to
more than one fund or account, including the following:                         

o        Certain  investments may be appropriate for the Fund and also for other
         clients advised by the Advisor, including other client accounts managed
         by the Fund's portfolio manager.  Investment decisions for the Fund and
         other  clients  are  made  with a view to  achieving  their  respective
         investment  objectives and after consideration of such factors as their
         current  holdings,  availability of cash for investment and the size of
         their  investments  generally.  A particular  security may be bought or
         sold for only one client or in different amounts and at different times
         for more than one but less than all clients.  Likewise, because clients
         of the Advisor may have differing investment  strategies,  a particular
         security  may be bought for one or more  clients when one or more other
         clients are selling the security.  The investment  results achieved for
         the Fund may differ from the results  achieved for other clients of the
         Advisor.  In addition,  purchases or sales of the same  security may be
         made for two or more  clients  on the same  day.  In such  event,  such
         transactions  will be allocated  among the clients in a manner believed
         by the Advisor to be most equitable to each client, generally utilizing
         a pro  rata  allocation  methodology.  In some  cases,  the  allocation
         procedure could  potentially  have an adverse effect or positive effect
         on the price or amount of the securities purchased or sold by the Fund.
         Purchase  and sale  orders for the Fund may be  combined  with those of
         other  clients of the  Advisor in the  interest of  achieving  the most
favorable net results to the Fund and the other clients.      

o        To the  extent  that  a  portfolio  manager  has  responsibilities  for
         managing  multiple client  accounts,  a portfolio  manager will need to
         divide time and attention among relevant accounts. The Advisor attempts
         to minimize these conflicts by aligning its portfolio  management teams
         by  investment  strategy and by  employing  similar  investment  models
across multiple client accounts.                              

o        In some cases, an apparent  conflict may arise where the Advisor has an
         incentive, such as a performance-based fee, in managing one account and
         not with  respect to other  accounts it manages.  The Advisor  will not
         determine  allocations based on whether it receives a performance-based
         fee from the client. Additionally, the Advisor has in place supervisory
         oversight processes to periodically monitor performance  deviations for
accounts with like strategies.                                

o        The Advisor and its affiliates and the investment  team of the Fund may
         manage other mutual funds and separate  accounts on a long-short basis.
         The  simultaneous  management  of long  and  short  portfolios  creates
         potential  conflicts  of  interest  including  the risk that short sale
         activity  could   adversely   affect  the  market  value  of  the  long
         positions(and  vice versa),  the risk arising from sequential orders in
         long and short  positions,  and the  risks  associated  with  receiving
         opposing  orders at the same time.  The Advisor has adopted  procedures
         that it believes are reasonably  designed to mitigate  these  potential
         conflicts  of  interest.  Included  in these  procedures  are  specific
         guidelines  developed to ensure fair and  equitable  treatment  for all
         clients whose accounts are managed by each Fund's portfolio  management
         team. The Advisor and the portfolio  management  team have  established
         monitoring  procedures,  a protocol for supervisory reviews, as well as
         compliance  oversight  to ensure that  potential  conflicts of interest
relating to this type of activity are properly addressed.     

The Advisor is owned by Deutsche Bank AG, a  multi-national  financial  services
company.  Therefore,  the Advisor is affiliated  with a variety of entities that
provide, and/or engage in commercial banking, insurance,  brokerage,  investment
banking,  financial  advisory,  broker-dealer  activities  (including  sales and
trading),  hedge funds, real estate and private equity investing, in addition to
the provision of investment  management services to institutional and individual
investors.  Since  Deutsche  Bank AG, its  affiliates,  directors,  officers and
employees (the "Firm") are engaged in businesses  and have interests  other than
managing  asset  management  accounts,   such  other  activities  involve  real,
potential or apparent  conflicts of interest.  These  interests  and  activities
include potential  advisory,  transactional  and financial  activities and other
interests  in  securities  and  companies  that may be  directly  or  indirectly
purchased  or sold by the Firm for its  clients'  advisory  accounts.  These are
considerations  of which  advisory  clients  should be aware and which may cause
conflicts that could be to the disadvantage of the Advisor's  advisory  clients.
The Advisor has  instituted  business and  compliance  policies,  procedures and
disclosures  that are  designed to identify,  monitor and mitigate  conflicts of
interest and, as appropriate, to report them to the Fund's Board.               

33

P-->497319th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 319th
FUND SERVICE PROVIDERS

Principal  Underwriter.  Pursuant to an Underwriting and  Distribution  Services
Agreement   ("Distribution   Agreement"),   DWS   Scudder   Distributors,   Inc.
("DWS-SDI"), 222 South Riverside Plaza, Chicago, Illinois 60606, an affiliate of
the Advisor, is the principal underwriter and distributor for the Class A, Class
B and Class C shares of each Fund,  Class R shares for DWS Global  Thematic Fund
and Institutional  Class shares of DWS  International  Fund and acts as agent of
each Fund in the continuous offering of its shares. Each Distribution  Agreement
for the  Funds,  dated  April 5,  2002 was last  approved  by the  Directors  on
September 28, 2006. Each Distribution  Agreement will continue from year to year
thereafter  only if its continuance is approved for each class at least annually
by a vote of the Board members of each Fund, including the Directors who are not
interested  persons  of the Fund and who have no  direct or  indirect  financial
interest in the Distribution Agreement.                                         

Each  Distribution  Agreement  automatically  terminates  in  the  event  of its
assignment  and may be terminated  for a class at any time without  penalty by a
Fund or by DWS-SDI upon 60 days' notice.  Termination  by each Fund with respect
to a class may be by vote of (i) a  majority  of the Board  members  who are not
interested  persons  of the Fund and who have no  direct or  indirect  financial
interest in the Distribution  Agreement,  or (ii) a "majority of the outstanding
voting securities" of the class of each Fund, as defined under the 1940 Act. All
material  amendments  must be approved by the Board of  Directors  in the manner
described  above  with  respect  to  the  continuation  of  the  Agreement.  The
provisions concerning continuation,  amendment and termination of a Distribution
Agreement are on a series by series and class by class basis.                   

DWS-SDI  bears  all  of its  expenses  of  providing  services  pursuant  to the
Distribution Agreement,  including the payment of any commissions. The Funds pay
the cost for the prospectuses and shareholder  reports to be typeset and printed
for existing shareholders,  and DWS-SDI, as principal underwriter,  pays for the
printing and distribution of copies thereof used in connection with the offering
of shares to prospective  investors.  DWS-SDI also pays for supplementary  sales
literature  and  advertising  costs.  As indicated  under  "Purchase of Shares,"
DWS-SDI retains the sales charge upon the purchase of Class A shares and pays or
allows  concessions  or  discounts  to firms for the sale of the Funds'  shares.
DWS-SDI  receives no  compensation  from the Funds as principal  underwriter for
Class A and R shares.  DWS-SDI receives compensation from the Funds as principal
underwriter for Class B, Class C and Class R shares as applicable.              

Shareholder and  administrative  services are provided to each Fund on behalf of
Class A,  Class B,  Class C and Class R  shareholders,  as  applicable,  under a
Shareholder  Services  Agreement (the "Services  Agreement") with DWS-SDI.  Each
Services  Agreement  continues  in  effect  from  year  to  year so long as such
continuance is approved for the Fund at least annually by a vote of the Board of
the applicable Fund,  including the Board members who are not interested persons
of the  Fund  and who have no  direct  or  indirect  financial  interest  in the
Services  Agreement.  Each Services  Agreement  automatically  terminates in the
event of its assignment  and may be terminated at any time without  penalty by a
Fund or by DWS-SDI upon 60 days' notice.  Termination  with respect to the Class
A, B, C or R shares of a Fund may be by a vote of (i) the  majority of the Board
members of the Fund who are not  interested  persons of the Fund and who have no
direct or indirect  financial  interest  in the  Services  Agreement,  or (ii) a
"majority of the outstanding voting securities" of the Class A, B C or R shares,
as defined under the 1940 Act. Each Services  Agreement may not be amended for a
class to increase  materially the fee to be paid by the Fund without approval of
a majority of the outstanding  voting  securities of such class of the Fund, and
all material  amendments must in any event be approved by the Board of Directors
in the manner  described above with respect to the  continuation of the Services
Agreement.                                                                      

Under  the  Services   Agreements,   DWS-SDI  may  provide  or  appoint  various
broker-dealer  firms and other  service or  administrative  firms  ("firms")  to
provide  information  and services to investors  in a Fund.  Typically,  DWS-SDI
appoints  firms that provide  services  and  facilities  for their  customers or
clients who are  investors in a Fund.  Firms  appointed by DWS-SDI  provide such
office space and equipment,  telephone  facilities and personnel as is necessary
or beneficial  for providing  information  and services to their  clients.  Such
services and assistance may include,  but are not limited to,  establishing  and
maintaining   accounts  and   records,   processing   purchase  and   redemption
transactions, answering routine inquiries regarding a Fund, providing assistance
to clients in changing dividend and investment options, account designations and
addresses and such other administrative services as may be agreed upon from time
to time and permitted by applicable statute, rule or regulation.                

34

P-->497320th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 320th
DWS-SDI bears all of its expenses of providing  those  services  pursuant to the
Services Agreements, including the payment of a service fee to firms (as defined
below).  As indicated under the Rule 12b-1 Plan,  DWS-SDI receives  compensation
from the Funds for its services under the Services Agreements.                  

Rule 12b-1 Plans                                                                

Each Fund has  adopted a plan  pursuant to Rule 12b-1 under the 1940 Act (each a
"Rule 12b-1  Plan") that  provides for fees payable as an expense of the Class B
shares,  Class  C and  Class R  shares  that  are  used  by  DWS-SDI  to pay for
distribution  services  for those  classes.  Pursuant  to each Rule 12b-1  Plan,
shareholder and  administrative  services are provided to the applicable Fund on
behalf  of its  Class A, B, C and R  shareholders  under  each  Fund's  Services
Agreement  with  DWS-SDI.  Because  12b-1 fees are paid out of Fund assets on an
ongoing basis, they will, over time,  increase the cost of an investment and may
cost more than other types of sales charges.                                    

The Rule  12b-1  distribution  plans  for  Class B,  Class C and  Class R shares
provide  alternative methods for paying sales charges and may help funds grow or
maintain  asset  levels to provide  operational  efficiencies  and  economies of
scale.   Rule  12b-1   service  plans   provide   compensation   to  DWS-SDI  or
intermediaries  for  post-sales  servicing.  Since each  Distribution  Agreement
provides  for fees  payable as an expense of the Class B shares,  Class C shares
and Class R shares that are used by DWS-SDI to pay for distribution and services
for those  classes,  the agreement is approved and reviewed  separately  for the
Class B shares,  Class C shares and Class R shares in accordance with Rule 12b-1
under the 1940 Act,  which  regulates the manner in which an investment  company
may, directly or indirectly,  bear the expenses of distributing its shares.  The
Distribution  Agreement  may not be amended to increase  the fee to be paid by a
Fund with respect to a class without  approval by a majority of the  outstanding
voting securities of such class of the Fund.  Similarly,  the Services Agreement
is approved  and  reviewed  separately  for the Class A shares,  Class B shares,
Class C shares and Class R shares in accordance with Rule 12b-1.                

If a Rule 12b-1 Plan is terminated in accordance with its terms,  the obligation
of the  applicable  Fund to make payments to DWS-SDI  pursuant to the Rule 12b-1
Plan will  cease  and the Fund will not be  required  to make any  payments  not
previously accrued past the termination date. Thus, there is no legal obligation
for a Fund to pay any expenses  incurred by DWS-SDI  other than fees  previously
accrued  and payable  under a Rule 12b-1 Plan,  if for any reason the Rule 12b-1
Plan is  terminated  in  accordance  with its terms.  Future fees under the Rule
12b-1  Plan may or may not be  sufficient  to  cover  DWS-SDI  for its  expenses
incurred. On the other hand, under certain circumstances,  DWS-SDI might collect
in the  aggregate  over  certain  periods more in fees under the Rule 12b-1 Plan
than it has expended  over that same period in providing  distribution  services
for a Fund. In connection with Class B shares, for example,  if shares of a Fund
were to  appreciate  (resulting  in greater  asset base against which Rule 12b-1
fees are charged) and sales of the Fund's  shares were to decline  (resulting in
lower  expenditures  by DWS-SDI  under the Rule 12b-1 Plan),  fees payable could
exceed expenditures.  This may also happen over certain periods shorter than the
life of the Rule 12b-1 Plan  simply due to the timing of  expenses  incurred  by
DWS-SDI that is not matched to the timing of revenues  received  (e.g.,  a sales
commission may be paid by DWS-SDI  related to an investment in year 1, while the
Rule 12b-1 fee to DWS-SDI  related to that  investment  may accrue during year 1
through year 6 prior to  conversion of the  investment to Class A shares).  As a
result,  if DWS-SDI's  expenses are less than the Rule 12b-1 fees,  DWS-SDI will
retain its full fees and make a profit.                                         

Distribution  Services.  For its  services  under  the  Distribution  Agreement,
DWS-SDI  receives  a fee from  each  Fund  under its Rule  12b-1  Plan,  payable
monthly,  at the annual  rate of 0.75% of  average  daily net assets of the Fund
attributable  to its Class B shares.  This fee is accrued daily as an expense of
Class B shares. DWS-SDI also receives any contingent deferred sales charges paid
with respect to Class B shares. DWS-SDI currently compensates firms for sales of
Class B shares at a commission rate of 3.75%.                                   

For its services under the Distribution  Agreement,  DWS-SDI receives a fee from
each Fund under its Rule 12b-1  Plan,  payable  monthly,  at the annual  rate of
0.75% of average  daily net assets of the Fund  attributable  to Class C shares.
This fee is accrued daily as an expense of Class C shares.  Effective January 1,
2006, DWS-SDI no longer advances the first year distribution fee and service fee
to firms for  sales of Class C shares to  employer  sponsored  employee  benefit
plans using the OmniPlus subaccount record keeping system made available through
ADP, Inc. under an alliance with DWS-SDI and its  affiliates.  For periods after
the  first  year,  DWS-SDI  currently  pays  firms for sales of Class C shares a
distribution  fee, payable  quarterly,  at an annual rate of 0.75% of net assets
attributable  to                                                                

35

P-->497321st Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 321st
Class C shares  maintained  and serviced by the firm.  This fee continues  until
terminated  by  DWS-SDI  or the  applicable  Fund.  DWS-SDI  also  receives  any
contingent deferred sales charges paid with respect to Class C shares.          

For its services under the Distribution  Agreement,  DWS-SDI receives a fee from
the DWS Global Thematic Fund under its 12b-1 Plan, payable monthly, at an annual
rate of 0.25% of average  daily net assets of the Fund  attributable  to Class R
shares.                                                                         

Shareholder  Services.  For its services under the Services  Agreement,  DWS-SDI
receives a  shareholder  services  fee from each Fund  under a Rule 12b-1  Plan,
payable  monthly,  at an  annual  rate of up to 0.25% of the  average  daily net
assets of Class A, B, C and R shares of the Fund, as applicable.                

With respect to Class A and R shares of a Fund, DWS-SDI pays each firm a service
fee,  payable  quarterly,  at an annual rate of up to 0.25% of the net assets in
Fund  accounts  that it  maintains  and services  attributable  to Class A and R
Shares,  respectively,  of a Fund,  commencing with the month after  investment.
With respect to Class B and Class C Shares of a Fund, DWS-SDI currently advances
to firms the  first-year  service  fee at a rate of up to 0.25% of the  purchase
price of such  shares.  For  periods  after the first  year,  DWS-SDI  currently
intends to pay firms a service fee at a rate of up to 0.25% (calculated  monthly
and paid quarterly) of the net assets attributable to Class B and Class C shares
of a Fund  maintained and serviced by the firm.  Firms to which service fees may
be paid include  affiliates  of DWS-SDI.  In addition  DWS-SDI may, from time to
time,  pay certain  firms from it own resources  additional  amounts for ongoing
administrative  services and assistance  provided to their customers and clients
who are shareholders of a Fund.                                                 

DWS-SDI also may provide  some of the above  services and may retain any portion
of the fee under the Services  Agreement not paid to firms to compensate  itself
for shareholder or administrative functions performed for a Fund. Currently, the
shareholder  services  fee payable to DWS-SDI is payable at an annual rate of up
to 0.25% of net  assets  based  upon Fund  assets in  accounts  for which a firm
provides  administrative  services and at the annual rate of 0.15% of net assets
based upon Fund assets in accounts  for which there is no firm of record  (other
than DWS-SDI) listed on a Fund's records. The effective shareholder services fee
rate to be charged  against all assets of each Fund while this  procedure  is in
effect will depend upon the  proportion  of Fund assets that is held in accounts
for  which a firm of record  provides  shareholder  services.  The Board of each
Fund,  in its  discretion,  may approve  basing the fee to DWS-SDI at the annual
rate of 0.25% on all Fund assets in the future.                                 

Expenses  of the Funds paid in  connection  with the Rule  12b-1  Plans for each
class of shares are set forth below.  A portion of the  marketing  and sales and
operating expenses shown below could be considered overhead expenses.           

Certain directors or officers of the Funds are also directors or officers of the
Advisor or DWS-SDI, as indicated under "Directors and Officers."                

36

P-->497322nd Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 322nd
                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]


                            Compensation to Underwriter and Firms                       Other Distribution Expenses                 
                                  for Calendar Year 2006                        Paid by Underwriter for Calendar Year 2006          
                                  ----------------------                        -------------------------------------------         

                                                                              Advertising,                                          
                              12b-1 Fees    Compensation      Compensation      Sales,                                              
                12b-1 Fees   (Shareholder  Paid by DWS-SDI   Paid by DWS-SDI  Literature                                            
               (Distribution  Servicing    to Firms from     to Firms from       and                    Marketing  Postage          
                Fee) Paid     Fee) Paid     Distribution     Shareholder     Promotional   Prospectus   and Sales   and     Interest
                to DWS-SDI    to DWS-SDI         Fee         Servicing Fee     Materials    Printing    Expenses   Mailing  Expenses
                ----------    ----------         ---         -------------     ---------    --------    --------   -------  --------
                                                                                                                                    

DWS Global                                                                                                                          
Thematic Fund                                                                                                                       

Class A              N/A        1,713          N/A           200,669            N/A          N/A         N/A         N/A            
Class B             89,825       238         414,329         38,578            50,532       3,770       13,250      3,307     47,318
Class C            224,563       129         554,701         150,172          306,056       22,853      81,162     20,148           
Class R             7,790         8           6,805          13,947            12,721        849        3,012        841            

DWS                                                                                                                                 
International                                                                                                                       
Fund                                                                                                                                

Class A              N/A       18,410          N/A           551,199            N/A          N/A         N/A         N/A            
Class B            224,516       155          50,262         72,750            6,850         445        1,466        443     715,978
Class C            173,077       92          169,034         51,862            17,157       1,155       3,789       1,094       0   


37

P-->497323rd Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 323rd
The  following  table  shows,  for  Class A  shares,  the  aggregate  amount  of
underwriting  commissions paid to DWS-SDI, the amount in commissions it paid out
to brokers and the amount of underwriting commissions retained by DWS-SDI.      

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]


                                                                      Aggregate       Aggregate 
                                        Aggregate     Aggregate    Commissions Paid  Commissions
                                          Sales      Commissions          to           Retained 
Fund                      Fiscal Year  Commissions  Paid to Firms  Affiliated Firms   by DWS-SDI
----                             ----  -----------  -------------  ----------------   ----------

                                                                                                
DWS Global Thematic Fund   2007          $614,000      $134,000        $8,000          $472,000 
                           2006          $117,000       $36,000        $3,000           $78,000 
                           2005           $25,000        $2,000       $19,000            $4,000 

DWS International Fund     2007           $75,000       $57,000        $4,000           $14,000 
                           2006           $68,000       $53,000        $3,000           $12,000 
                           2005           $71,000       $54,000        $5,000           $12,000 

Independent  Registered Public Accounting Firm. The financial highlights of each
Fund  included  in  the  Funds'   prospectuses  and  the  Financial   Statements
incorporated by reference in this Statement of Additional  Information have been
so  included  or  incorporated  by  reference  in  reliance  on the  reports  of
PricewaterhouseCoopers  LLP,  125 High  Street,  Boston,  MA 02110,  independent
registered  public  accounting  firm,  given on the  authority  of said  firm as
experts in auditing and accounting. audits the financial statements of the Funds
and provides other audit, tax and related  services.  Shareholders  will receive
annual  audited  financial   statements  and  semi-annual   unaudited  financial
statements.                                                                     

Legal Counsel. Ropes & Gray LLP, One International Place, Boston,  Massachusetts
02110-2624,  serves as legal counsel to each Fund and the Independent  Directors
of each Fund.                                                                   

Custodian.  Brown Brothers  Harriman & Company  ("Custodian"),  40 Water Street,
Boston,  MA 02109 serves as Custodian of the Funds.  The  Custodian  has entered
into  agreements  with foreign  subcustodians  approved by the  Directors of the
Corporations pursuant to Rule 17f-5 of the 1940 Act.                            

Transfer Agent and Shareholder  Service Agent. DWS Scudder  Investments  Service
Company ("DWS-SISC" or the "Transfer Agent"),  210 W. 10th Street,  Kansas City,
Missouri 64105-1614,  an  affiliate  of the  Advisor,  is the  transfer  agent,
dividend-paying agent and shareholder service agent for the Funds pursuant to an
agency  agreement (the "Agency  Agreement"),  under which the Transfer Agent (i)
maintains record shareholder  accounts,  and (ii) makes periodic reports to each
Board  concerning  the  operations  of the Funds.  Prior to April 1,  2007,  DWS
Scudder Service Corporation  ("DWS-SSC"),  an affiliate of the Advisor,  was the
Fund's transfer agent,  dividend-paying  agent and shareholder service agent for
Class S shares  of the  Fund.  Effective  April 1,  2007,  DWS-SSC  merged  with
DWS-SISC.                                                                       

The Transfer Agent receives an annual service fee for each account of the Funds,
based on the type of account.  For open retail  accounts,  the fee is a flat fee
ranging from $20.00 to $27.50 per account,  for open  wholesale  money funds the
fee is $32.50 per account, while for certain retirement accounts serviced on the
recordkeeping system of ADP, Inc., the fee is a flat fee up to $3.46 per account
(as of October  2006,  indexed to  inflation)  plus an asset  based fee of up to
0.25% of  average  net  assets.  1/12th of the  annual  service  charge for each
account is  charged  and  payable to the  Transfer  Agent each  month.  A fee is
charged for any account  which at any time during the month had a share  balance
in the  Fund.  Smaller  fees are also  charged  for  closed  accounts  for which
information  must be retained on the Transfer Agent's system for up to 18 months
after closing for tax reporting purposes.                                       

38

P-->497324th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 324th
Certain  out-of-pocket  expenses  incurred  by  the  Transfer  Agent,  including
expenses of printing and mailing  routine fund  disclosure  documents,  costs of
record retention and transaction  processing costs are reimbursed by the Fund or
are paid  directly  by the Funds.  Certain  additional  out-of-pocket  expenses,
including costs of computer  hardware and software,  third party  record-keeping
and processing of proxy statements,  may only be reimbursed by the Fund with the
prior approval of each Fund's Board.                                            

Pursuant to a sub-transfer  agency  agreement  between DWS-SISC and DST Systems,
Inc. ("DST"),  DWS-SISC has delegated certain transfer agent and dividend paying
agent  functions to DST. The costs and expenses of such  delegation are borne by
DWS-SISC, not by the Funds.                                                     

The Funds, or the Advisor (including any affiliate of the Advisor), or both, may
pay   unaffiliated   third  parties  for  providing   recordkeeping   and  other
administrative  services with respect to beneficial  owners of Fund shares whose
interests are generally held in an omnibus account.                             

For DWS Global  Thematic Fund,  the amounts  charged to the Fund by DWS-SISC and
DWS-SSC aggregated 1,917,423, of which $330,656 is unpaid at August 31, 2007.   

For DWS  International  Fund,  the amounts  charged to the Fund by DWS-SISC  and
DWS-SSC  aggregated  $2,456,955,  of which  $36,019  was waived and  $490,410 is
unpaid at August 31, 2007.                                                      

 SERVICE PLANS

39

P-->497325th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 325th
DWS Global Thematic Fund -- Class R Shares                                      
------------------------------------------                                      

The Fund has adopted a service plan (the "Service Plan") with respect to Class R
shares of DWS Global  Thematic  Fund  which  authorizes  the Fund to  compensate
Service  Organizations  whose  customers  invest in Class R shares of DWS Global
Thematic Fund for providing  certain  personal,  account  administration  and/or
shareholder  liaison  services.  Pursuant  to the Plan,  the Fund may enter into
agreements with Service Organizations ("Service Agreements"). Under such Service
Agreements or otherwise,  the Service  Organizations  may perform some or all of
the following  services:  (i) acting as record holder and nominee of all Class R
shares of the Fund beneficially owned by their customers;  (ii) establishing and
maintaining  individual  accounts and records with respect to the Class R shares
of the  Fund  owned by each  customer;  (iii)  providing  facilities  to  answer
inquiries and respond to correspondence from customers about the status of their
accounts or about other aspects of the  Corporation or Fund; (iv) processing and
issuing  confirmations  concerning  customer  orders  to  purchase,  redeem  and
exchange such shares;  (v) receiving and  transmitting  funds  representing  the
purchase price or redemption  proceeds of such shares;  (vi)  participant  level
recordkeeping,  sub-accounting,  and other administrative services in connection
with the entry of purchase and  redemption  orders for the Service  Plan;  (vii)
withholding  sums required by applicable  authorities;  (viii)  providing  daily
violation  services  to  the  Service  Plan;  (ix)  paying  and  filing  of  all
withholding and documentation  required by appropriate  government agencies; (x)
provision of reports,  refund and other  documents  required by tax laws and the
Employee  Retirement  Income Security Act of 1974 ("ERISA");  and (xi) providing
prospectuses,  proxy  materials  and other  documents of an  applicable  Fund to
participants as may be required by law.                                         

As  compensation  for such services,  each Service  Organization  of the Fund is
entitled  to  receive a service  fee in an amount up to 0.25% (on an  annualized
basis) of the average daily net assets of the Fund's Class R shares attributable
to customers of such Service  Organization.  Service Organizations may from time
to time be required to meet certain other  criteria in order to receive  service
fees.                                                                           

In  accordance  with  the  terms  of  the  Service  Plan,  the  Officers  of the
Corporation  provide to the  Corporation's  Board of Directors  for their review
periodically  a written  report of services  performed  by and fees paid to each
Service Organization under the Service Agreements and Service Plan.             

Conflict of interest  restrictions  (including  the Employee  Retirement  Income
Security Act of 1974 ("ERISA") may apply to a Service  Organization's receipt of
compensation  paid by the Fund in  connection  with the  investment of fiduciary
assets in Class R shares of the Fund. Service  Organizations that are subject to
the  jurisdiction  of the SEC,  the  Department  of  Labor  or state  securities
commissions  are urged to  consult  their own legal  advisors  before  investing
fiduciary assets in Class R shares of the Fund and receiving service fees.      

The  Corporations  believe that  fiduciaries of ERISA plans may properly receive
fees under the Service Plan if the plan fiduciary  otherwise properly discharges
its fiduciary duties,  including (if applicable) those under ERISA. Under ERISA,
a plan  fiduciary,  such as a  trustee  or  investment  manager,  must  meet the
fiduciary  responsibility  standards  set  forth in part 4 of Title I of  ERISA.
Those standards are designed to help ensure that the  fiduciary's  decisions are
made in the best interests of the plan and are not colored by self-interest.    

Section 403(c)(1) of ERISA provides, in part, that the assets of a plan shall be
held for the exclusive purpose of providing benefits to the plan's  participants
and their  beneficiaries and defraying  reasonable expenses of administering the
plan. Section 404(a)(1) sets forth a similar requirement on how a plan fiduciary
must discharge his or her duties with respect to the plan, and provides  further
that such  fiduciary  must act  prudently  and  solely in the  interests  of the
participants and  beneficiaries.  These basic provisions are supplemented by the
per se prohibitions of certain classes of transactions  set forth in Section 406
of ERISA.                                                                       

Section  406(a)(1)(D)  of ERISA  prohibits  a  fiduciary  of an ERISA  plan from
causing that plan to engage in a transaction if he knows or should know that the
transaction  would constitute a direct or indirect transfer to, or use by or for
the benefit of, a party in interest,  of any assets of that plan.  Section 3(14)
includes within the definition of "party in interest" with respect to a plan any
fiduciary with respect to that plan. Thus,  Section  406(a)(1)(D) would not only
prohibit a  fiduciary  from  causing the plan to engage in a  transaction  which
would  benefit a third  person  who is a party in  interest,  but it would  also
prohibit the fiduciary from similarly  benefiting himself. In addition,  Section
406(b)(1) specifically prohibits a fiduciary with respect to a plan from dealing
with the assets of that plan in                                                 

40

P-->497326th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 326th
his own interest or for his own account.  Section  406(b)(3)  supplements  these
provisions by prohibiting a plan fiduciary from receiving any  consideration for
his own personal account from any party dealing with the plan in connection with
a transaction involving the assets of the plan.                                 

In  accordance  with the  foregoing,  however,  a fiduciary of an ERISA plan may
properly  receive  service  fees under the Service Plan if the fees are used for
the exclusive purpose of providing benefits to the plan's participants and their
beneficiaries or for defraying reasonable expenses of administering the plan for
which the plan would otherwise be liable.  See, e.g.,  Department of Labor ERISA
Technical Release No. 86-1 (stating a violation of ERISA would not occur where a
broker-dealer  rebates  commission  dollars to a plan  fiduciary  who,  in turn,
reduces its fees for which plan is otherwise responsible for paying).  Thus, the
fiduciary duty issues involved in a plan fiduciary's  receipt of the service fee
must be assessed on a case-by-case basis by the relevant plan fiduciary.        

PORTFOLIO TRANSACTIONS

The Advisor is generally responsible for placing the orders for the purchase and
sale of portfolio  securities,  including  the  allocation  of  brokerage.  With
respect to those  funds for which a  sub-investment  advisor  manages the fund's
investments,  references in this section to the "Advisor" should be read to mean
the Sub-Advisor, except as noted below.                                         

The  policy of the  Advisor  in  placing  orders  for the  purchase  and sale of
securities  for the Funds is to seek best  execution,  taking into  account such
factors,   among  others,   as  price;   commission  (where   applicable);   the
broker-dealer's   ability  to  ensure  that  securities  will  be  delivered  on
settlement date; the willingness of the  broker-dealer to commit its capital and
purchase  a  thinly  traded   security  for  its  own  inventory;   whether  the
broker-dealer   specializes  in  block  orders  or  large  program  trades;  the
broker-dealer's  knowledge of the market and the security;  the  broker-dealer's
ability to  maintain  confidentiality;  the  broker-dealer's  ability to provide
access to new  issues;  the  broker-dealer's  ability  to provide  support  when
placing a difficult trade;  the financial  condition of the  broker-dealer;  and
whether the broker-dealer has the infrastructure and operational capabilities to
execute  and  settle  the trade.  The  Advisor  seeks to  evaluate  the  overall
reasonableness of brokerage  commissions with commissions  charged on comparable
transactions  and compares the brokerage  commissions (if any) paid by the Funds
to reported commissions paid by others. The Advisor routinely reviews commission
rates,  execution  and  settlement  services  performed  and makes  internal and
external comparisons.                                                           

Commission  rates  on  transactions  in  equity  securities  on U.S.  securities
exchanges are subject to negotiation. Commission rates on transactions in equity
securities on foreign  securities  exchanges are generally fixed.  Purchases and
sales of  fixed-income  securities and certain  over-the-counter  securities are
effected  on  a  net  basis,  without  the  payment  of  brokerage  commissions.
Transactions  in  fixed  income  and  certain  over-the-counter  securities  are
generally  placed by the  Advisor  with the  principal  market  makers for these
securities  unless the Advisor  reasonably  believes more favorable  results are
available elsewhere.  Transactions with dealers serving as market makers reflect
the spread between the bid and asked prices.  Purchases of  underwritten  issues
will  include  an  underwriting  fee  paid  to  the  underwriter.  Money  market
instruments are normally purchased in principal  transactions  directly from the
issuer or from an underwriter or market maker.                                  

It is  likely  that the  broker-dealers  selected  based  on the  considerations
described in this section will include  firms that also sell shares of the Funds
to their  customers.  However,  the Advisor does not consider sales of shares of
the Funds as a factor in the selection of  broker-dealers  to execute  portfolio
transactions  for the Funds  and,  accordingly,  has  implemented  policies  and
procedures  reasonably designed to prevent its traders from considering sales of
shares of the Funds as a factor in the  selection of  broker-dealers  to execute
portfolio transactions for the Funds.                                           

The Advisor is  permitted  by Section  28(e) of the  Securities  Exchange Act of
1934, as amended ("1934 Act"), when placing  portfolio  transactions for a Fund,
to cause the Fund to pay brokerage  commissions  in excess of that which another
broker-dealer might charge for executing the same transaction in order to obtain
research and brokerage  services if the Advisor determines that such commissions
are  reasonable in relation to the overall  services  provided.  The Advisor may
from  time to time,  in  reliance  on  Section  28(e) of the 1934  Act,  execute
portfolio  transactions with  broker-dealers that provide research and brokerage
services to the Advisor.  Consistent  with the Advisor's  policy  regarding best
execution,  where more than one broker is  believed  to be capable of  providing
best execution for a                                                            

41

P-->497327th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 327th
particular  trade,  the  Advisor  may take into  consideration  the  receipt  of
research and brokerage  services in selecting the  broker-dealer  to execute the
trade.  Although certain research and brokerage services from broker-dealers may
be useful to a Fund and to the  Advisor,  it is the opinion of the Advisor  that
such  information only supplements its own research effort since the information
must still be analyzed,  weighed and  reviewed by the  Advisor's  staff.  To the
extent  that  research  and  brokerage  services  of value are  received  by the
Advisor, the Advisor may avoid expenses that it might otherwise incur.  Research
and  brokerage  services  received  from a  broker-dealer  may be  useful to the
Advisor and its affiliates in providing investment management services to all or
some  of  its  clients,   which   includes  a  Fund.   Services   received  from
broker-dealers  that executed  securities  transactions for a Portfolio will not
necessarily be used by the Advisor specifically to service such Fund.           

Research and brokerage services provided by broker-dealers may include,  but are
not limited to,  information on the economy,  industries,  groups of securities,
individual   companies,   statistical   information,   accounting  and  tax  law
interpretations,  political developments, legal developments affecting portfolio
securities,  technical  market action,  pricing and appraisal  services,  credit
analysis,  risk measurement  analysis,  performance analysis and measurement and
analysis of corporate responsibility issues. Research and brokerage services are
typically  received  in the form of written  or  electronic  reports,  access to
specialized  financial  publications,  telephone  contacts and personal meetings
with  security  analysts,  but may also be  provided  in the form of  access  to
various  computer  software and meetings  arranged  with  corporate and industry
representatives.                                                                

The Advisor may also select  broker-dealers  and obtain from them  research  and
brokerage  services that are used in connection  with executing  trades provided
that such services are consistent  with  interpretations  under Section 28(e) of
the 1934 Act.  Typically,  these  services  take the form of  computer  software
and/or  electronic  communication  services  used by the  Advisor to  facilitate
trading activity with those broker-dealers.                                     

Research and brokerage services may include products obtained from third parties
if the Advisor determines that such product or service constitutes brokerage and
research as defined in Section 28(e) and interpretations thereunder.  Currently,
it  is  the  Advisor's  policy  that  Sub-Advisors  may  not  execute  portfolio
transactions on behalf of the Funds to obtain third party research and brokerage
services.  The  Advisor  may, in the future,  change  this  policy.  Regardless,
certain  Sub-Advisors may, as matter of internal policy, limit or preclude third
party research and brokerage services.                                          

The Advisor may use brokerage  commissions to obtain certain brokerage  products
or services that have a mixed use (i.e., it also serves a function that does not
relate to the investment  decision-making process). In those circumstances,  the
Advisor  will make a good faith  judgment to evaluate  the various  benefits and
uses to which it  intends to put the mixed use  product or service  and will pay
for that portion of the mixed use product or service that it reasonably believes
does not constitute research and brokerage services with its own resources.     

DIMA will  monitor  regulatory  developments  and market  practice in the use of
client  commissions to obtain research and brokerage services and may adjust its
portfolio transactions policies in response thereto.                            

Investment  decisions for each Fund and for other investment accounts managed by
the  Advisor  are  made  independently  of each  other  in  light  of  differing
conditions. However, the same investment decision may be made for two or more of
such accounts. In such cases,  simultaneous  transactions are inevitable. To the
extent  permitted by law, the Advisor may aggregate the securities to be sold or
purchased  for a Fund with those to be sold or purchased  for other  accounts in
executing  transactions.  Purchases  or sales are then  averaged as to price and
commission  and  allocated  as to amount in a manner  deemed  equitable  to each
account.  While in some cases this practice  could have a detrimental  effect on
the price  paid or  received  by,  or on the size of the  position  obtained  or
disposed of for,  the Fund,  in other  cases it is believed  that the ability to
engage in volume transactions will be beneficial to the Fund.                   

DIMA and its affiliates and the Funds' management team manage other mutual funds
and separate accounts,  some of which use short sales of securities as a part of
its  investment  strategy.  The  simultaneous   management  of  long  and  short
portfolios creates potential conflicts of interest including the risk that short
sale activity could adversely affect the market value of the long positions (and
vice  versa),  the  risk  arising  from  sequential  orders  in long  and  short
positions,  and the risks associated with receiving  opposing orders at the same
time.                                                                           

42

P-->497328th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 328th
DIMA has adopted procedures that it believes are reasonably designed to mitigate
these  potential  conflicts  of interest.  Incorporated  in the  procedures  are
specific  guidelines  developed to ensure fair and  equitable  treatment for all
clients. DIMA and the investment team have established monitoring procedures and
a protocol for supervisory  reviews,  as well as compliance  oversight to ensure
that  potential  conflicts  of interest  relating  to this type of activity  are
properly addressed.                                                             

Deutsche Bank AG or one of its affiliates (or in the case of a Sub-Advisor,  the
Sub-Advisor  or one of its  affiliates)  may act as a broker  for the  Funds and
receive brokerage commissions or other transaction-related compensation from the
Funds in the purchase and sale of securities, options or futures contracts when,
in the judgment of the Advisor,  and in accordance with  procedures  approved by
the Funds'  Boards,  the  affiliated  broker  will be able to obtain a price and
execution at least as favorable as those obtained from other  qualified  brokers
and if, in the  transaction,  the  affiliated  broker  charges  the Funds a rate
consistent  with that charged to  comparable  unaffiliated  customers in similar
transactions.                                                                   

DWS Global Thematic Fund: For the fiscal years ended August 31, 2005, August 31,
2006 and  August  31,  2007 the Fund paid  aggregate  brokerage  commissions  of
$1,881,808, $5,808,194 and $10,095,014, respectively.                           

The Fund is required to  identify  any  securities  of its  "regular  brokers or
dealers"  (as such term is defined  in the 1940 Act) that the Fund has  acquired
during the most  recent  fiscal  year.  As of August 31,  2007 the Fund held the
following securities of its regular brokers or dealers:                         

                                                                [Download Table]


                                                     Value of Securities Owned as of
Name of Regular Broker or Dealer or Parent (Issuer)   August 31, 2007 (in thousands)
---------------------------------------------------   ------------------------------

                                                                                    
Commerzbank AG                                                     $50,914          
UBS AG                                                             $49,325          
Banca Popolare di Milano                                           $18,422          
Unicredito Italiano SpA                                            $18,104          
Blackstone Group LP                                                $15,775          
Credit Suisse Group                                                $11,591          
Australian Wealth Management Ltd.                                  $11,302          
OTP Bank NYRT                                                      $10,981          
Swedbank AB                                                        $10,585          
Shinsei Bank Ltd.                                                   $8,571          
Siam City Bank Pcl                                                  $5,100          
ABN Amro Holding NV                                                   $203          

DWS  International  Fund: For the fiscal years ended August 31, 2005, August 31,
2006 and August  31,  2007 the Fund paid  aggregate  brokerage  commissions  of,
$3,601,297, $4,516,279 and $5,828,722, respectively.                            

The Fund is required to  identify  any  securities  of its  "regular  brokers or
dealers"  (as such term is defined  in the 1940 Act) that the Fund has  acquired
during the most  recent  fiscal  year.  As of August 31,  2007 the Fund held the
following securities of its regular brokers or dealers:                         

                                                                [Download Table]


                                                     Value of Securities Owned as of
Name of Regular Broker or Dealer or Parent (Issuer)   August 31, 2007 (in thousands)
---------------------------------------------------   ------------------------------

                                                                                    
Unicredito Italiano SpA                                          $53,856            
UBS AG                                                           $44,530            
KBC Groep NV                                                     $40,909            
Ereste Bank Der Oesterreichischen Sparkassen                     $27,820            
Prudential PLC                                                   $24,866            
National Bank of Greece                                          $20,738            
Bancolombia SA                                                   $14,902            

                                       43                                           

P-->497329th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 329th
                                                     Value of Securities Owned as of
Name of Regular Broker or Dealer or Parent (Issuer)   August 31, 2007 (in thousands)
---------------------------------------------------   ------------------------------
Mizuho Financial Group, Inc.                                     $12,664            
OTP Bank NYRT                                                    $11,636            
Commerzbank AG                                                    $8,999            
Unibanco                                                          $5,981            
Zurich Financial Services AG                                       $373             
Nordea Bank AB                                                     $320             
KBC Groep NV                                                       $289             
Marfin Investment Group SA                                         $191             
Lloyds TSB Group PLC                                               $132             

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]


                             Percentage of     Percentage of Transactions   Dollar Amount of  
                          Commissions Paid to    Involving Commissions     Commissions Paid to
                              Affiliated                Paid to                Brokers for    
Name of Fund                    Brokers            Affiliated Brokers       Research Services 
------------                    -------            ------------------       ----------------- 

                                                                                              
DWS Global Thematic Fund           0%                     0%                     $0           
DWS International Fund             0%                     0%                     $0           

Portfolio Turnover                                                              

Portfolio  turnover  rate is  defined  by the SEC as the ratio of the  lesser of
sales or purchases to the monthly average value of such securities  owned during
the year,  excluding all securities  whose  remaining  maturities at the time of
acquisition were one year or less.                                              

Portfolio turnover rates for the two most recent fiscal periods are as follows: 

                                               2007             2006
                                               ----             ----

DWS Global Thematic Fund                             151%             143%      
DWS International Fund                               104%              76%      

Higher levels of activity by a Fund result in higher  transaction  costs and may
also  result  in  taxes on  realized  capital  gains  to be borne by the  Fund's
shareholders.  Purchases and sales are made whenever necessary, in the Advisor's
discretion, to meet a Fund's objective.                                         

 PURCHASE AND REDEMPTION OF SHARES

General Information                                                             

Policies and procedures affecting  transactions in Fund shares can be changed at
any  time  without  notice,  subject  to  applicable  law.  Transactions  may be
contingent  upon proper  completion of application  forms and other documents by
shareholders  and their  receipt by the  Funds'  agents.  Transaction  delays in
processing (and changing account features) due to circumstances within or beyond
the  control  of the Funds and its  agents  may  occur.  Shareholders  (or their
financial  service firms) are responsible for all losses and fees resulting from
bad checks,  cancelled orders or the failure to consummate transactions effected
pursuant to instructions reasonably believed to be genuine.                     

A  distribution  will be  reinvested in shares of the same Fund and class if the
distribution check is returned as undeliverable.                                

Orders  will be  confirmed  at a price  based on the net asset value of the Fund
next determined after receipt in good order by DWS-SDI of the order  accompanied
by payment.  Orders received by dealers or other financial  services firms prior
to the  determination  of net asset value and  received in good order by DWS-SDI
prior to the                                                                    

44

P-->497330th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 330th
determination  of net asset value will be  confirmed at a price based on the net
asset value next determined after receipt by DWS-SDI ("trade date").            

Certificates. Share certificates will not be issued. Share certificates now in a
shareholder's possession may be sent to DWS-SISC for cancellation and book-entry
credit to such  shareholder's  account.  Certain  telephone and other procedures
require book-entry holdings. Shareholders with outstanding certificates bear the
risk of loss.                                                                   

Use of Financial  Services  Firms.  Investment  dealers and other firms  provide
varying  arrangements  for their clients to purchase and redeem a Fund's shares,
including higher minimum investments,  and may assess transaction or other fees.
Firms may arrange  with their  clients for other  investment  or  administrative
services.  Such firms may independently  establish and charge additional amounts
to their  clients  for such  services.  Firms  also may hold a Fund's  shares in
nominee or street  name as agent for and on behalf of their  customers.  In such
instances,  a Fund's  transfer  agent,  DWS-SISC will have no  information  with
respect  to  or  control  over  the  accounts  of  specific  shareholders.  Such
shareholders  may obtain access to their  accounts and  information  about their
accounts only from their firm.  Certain of these firms may receive  compensation
from the Fund through the Shareholder Service Agent for record-keeping and other
expenses relating to these nominee  accounts.  In addition,  certain  privileges
with respect to the purchase and  redemption  of shares or the  reinvestment  of
dividends may not be available through such firms. Some firms may participate in
a  program  allowing  them  access  to their  clients'  accounts  for  servicing
including,  without  limitation,  transfers of  registration  and dividend payee
changes; and may perform functions such as generation of confirmation statements
and disbursement of cash dividends. Such firms, including affiliates of DWS-SDI,
may receive compensation from the Fund through the Shareholder Service Agent for
these services.                                                                 

Each Fund has authorized one or more financial service  institutions,  including
certain members of the Financial Industry  Regulatory  Authority ("FINRA") other
than  the  Distributor  ("financial  institutions"),   to  accept  purchase  and
redemption  orders for the Fund's shares.  Such financial  institutions may also
designate other parties, including plan administrator intermediaries,  to accept
purchase and redemption  orders on each Fund's  behalf.  Orders for purchases or
redemptions  will be  deemed  to have  been  received  by each  Fund  when  such
financial institutions or, if applicable,  their authorized designees accept the
orders. Subject to the terms of the contract between each Fund and the financial
institution, ordinarily orders will be priced at the Fund's net asset value next
computed  after  acceptance  by such  financial  institution  or its  authorized
designees and accepted by the Fund. Further, if purchases or redemptions of each
Fund's  shares are arranged and  settlement  is made at an  investor's  election
through any other authorized financial  institution,  that financial institution
may, at its  discretion,  charge a fee for that service.  The Board of Directors
and the Distributor,  also the Funds' principal underwriter,  each has the right
to limit the amount of purchases  by, and to refuse to sell to, any person.  The
Directors and the Distributor may suspend or terminate the offering of shares of
each Fund at any time for any reason.                                           

DWS-SDI has adopted an Incentive Plan (the "Plan") covering wholesalers that are
regional vice presidents  ("DWS Scudder  Wholesalers").  Generally,  DWS Scudder
Wholesalers  market shares of the DWS funds to your  financial  advisor,  who in
turn may  recommend  that you  purchase  shares  of a DWS  fund.  The Plan is an
incentive program that combines a monthly  incentive  component with a quarterly
strategic bonus component.  Under the Plan, DWS Scudder Wholesalers will receive
a monetary  monthly  incentive based on the amount of sales generated from their
marketing of the funds,  and that incentive will differ depending on the product
category  of  the  fund.   Each  fund  is  assigned  to  one  of  four   product
categories--"Core," "Strategic," "Satellite"   or   "Non-CSS"-taking   into
consideration, among other things, the following criteria, where applicable:    

o        The Fund's 3-year performance;                                         
o        The Fund's Morningstar rating;                                         
o        Market size for the fund category;                                     
o        The Fund's size, including sales and redemptions of the Fund's shares; 
o        The length of time the Fund's Portfolio Managers have managed the Fund;
and                                                           
o        The Fund's consistency with DWS Scudder's branding.                    

This  information  and other factors are  presented to a committee  comprised of
representatives  from  various  groups  within  DWS  Scudder,  who  review  on a
quarterly basis the funds assigned to each product category described above,    

45

P-->497331st Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 331st
and make any changes to those  assignments at that time. No one factor,  whether
positive or negative,  determines a fund's  placement in a given  category;  all
these factors together are considered, and the designation of funds in the Core,
Strategic and Satellite categories represents management's judgment based on the
above criteria.  In addition,  management may consider a fund's profile over the
course  of  several  review  periods  before  making  a change  to its  category
assignment.  These  category  assignments  will be posted  quarterly  to the DWS
funds' Web site at www.dws-scudder.com, approximately one month after the end of
each quarter.  DWS Scudder Wholesalers will receive the highest compensation for
Core and Strategic  funds,  less for Satellite  funds and the lowest for Non-CSS
funds.   The  level  of   compensation   among  these   categories   may  differ
significantly.                                                                  

In the normal course of business,  DWS Scudder will from time to time  introduce
new funds into the DWS family of funds. As a general rule, all new funds will be
placed in the  Strategic  compensation  category  for a  minimum  period of four
consecutive quarters, and DWS Scudder Wholesalers will be paid at a rate that is
equivalent to that of the Core Fund  category.  After that four quarter  period,
each new fund in the  Strategic  category  will be reviewed by the committee and
either  assigned to one of the four  categories or continued as a Strategic fund
at that time.                                                                   

The prospect of receiving,  or the receipt of, additional  compensation by a DWS
Scudder  Wholesaler  under the Plan may provide an incentive to favor  marketing
the Core,  Strategic  or  Satellite  funds  over the  Non-CSS  funds.  The Plan,
however,  will not change  the price that you pay for shares of a fund.  The DWS
Scudder  Compliance  Department  monitors DWS Scudder Wholesaler sales and other
activity  in an  effort  to  detect  unusual  activity  in  the  context  of the
compensation  structure under the Plan. However,  investors may wish to take the
Plan  and the  product  category  of the  fund  into  account  when  considering
purchasing a fund or evaluating any recommendations relating to fund shares.    

Telephone  and  Electronic  Transaction  Procedures.  Shareholders  have various
telephone,  Internet,  wire and other electronic privileges available. A Fund or
its agents will not be liable for any losses,  expenses or costs  arising out of
fraudulent or unauthorized instructions pursuant to these privileges if the Fund
or its agents reasonably believe, based upon reasonable verification procedures,
that the instructions were genuine.  Verification  procedures  include recording
instructions,  requiring  certain  identifying  information  before  acting upon
instructions  and  sending  written  confirmations.  During  periods  when it is
difficult to contact the  Shareholder  Service Agent, it may be difficult to use
telephone, wire and other privileges.                                           

QuickBuy  and  QuickSell  (not  applicable  to  Class R  shares).  QuickBuy  and
QuickSell permits the transfer of money via the Automated  Clearing House System
(minimum $50,  maximum  $250,000) from or to a shareholder's  bank,  savings and
loan, or credit union  account in connection  with the purchase or redemption of
Fund  shares.  Shares  purchased by check or through  QuickBuy and  QuickSell or
Direct Deposit may not be redeemed  under this privilege  until such Shares have
been owned for at least 10 calendar days.  QuickBuy and QuickSell cannot be used
with passbook savings accounts or for certain tax-deferred plans such as IRAs.  

Tax-Sheltered   Retirement   Plans.  The  Shareholder   Service  Agent  provides
retirement  plan  services  and  documents  and DWS-SDI can  establish  investor
accounts in any of the following types of retirement plans:                     

o        Traditional,  Roth and Education IRAs. This includes Savings  Incentive
         Match Plan for  Employees  of Small  Employers  ("SIMPLE"),  Simplified
     Employee Pension Plan ("SEP") IRA accounts and prototype documents.

o        403(b)(7)  Custodial  Accounts.  This  type  of plan  is  available  to
employees of most non-profit organizations.                   

o        Prototype  money  purchase  pension  and  profit-sharing  plans  may be
adopted by employers.                                         

Brochures  describing these plans as well as model defined benefit plans, target
benefit plans,  457 plans,  401(k) plans,  simple 401(k) plans and materials for
establishing them are available from the Shareholder Service Agent upon request.
Additional fees and transaction policies and procedures may apply to such plans.
Investors  should  consult with their own tax  advisors  before  establishing  a
retirement plan.                                                                

46

P-->497332nd Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 332nd
Purchases                                                                       

The Funds  reserve the right to withdraw all or any part of the offering made by
its prospectus and to reject purchase orders for any reason.  Also, from time to
time,  the Funds may  temporarily  suspend  the  offering  of any class of their
shares to new investors.  During the period of such suspension,  persons who are
already  shareholders of such class of such Fund may be permitted to continue to
purchase additional shares of such class and to have dividends reinvested.      

To help the  government  fight the  funding of  terrorism  and money  laundering
activities,  federal law requires all financial  institutions to obtain,  verify
and record  information  that identifies  each person who opens an account.  For
more  information,  please  see  "Policies  You Should  Know  About" in the Fund
prospectuses.                                                                   

The Funds may waive the minimum for purchases by trustees,  directors,  officers
or employees of the Fund or the Advisor and its affiliates.                     

Financial Services Firms' Compensation. Banks and other financial services firms
may provide  administrative  services  related to order placement and payment to
facilitate  transactions  in shares of the Funds for their clients,  and DWS-SDI
may pay them a  transaction  fee up to the level of the  discount or  commission
allowable or payable to dealers.                                                

DWS-SDI may,  from time to time,  pay or allow to firms a 1%  commission  on the
amount of  shares of the Funds  sold  under the  following  conditions:  (i) the
purchased  shares are held in a DWS  Scudder  IRA  account,  (ii) the shares are
purchased as a direct "roll over" of a distribution from a qualified  retirement
plan account  maintained on the subaccount  record keeping system maintained for
DWS-branded  plans  by  ADP,  Inc.  under  an  alliance  with  DWS-SDI  and  its
affiliates, (iii) the registered representative placing the trade is a member of
Executive Council, a group of persons designated by DWS-SDI in acknowledgment of
their dedication to the employee benefit plan area; and (iv) the purchase is not
otherwise subject to a commission.  Furthermore, DWS Scudder Distributors,  Inc.
may, from time to time,  pay or allow to firms a 0.25%  commission on the amount
of Class R shares of DWS Global Thematic Fund sold.                             

In  addition  to  the  discounts  or  commissions  described  herein  and in the
prospectus,  DWS-SDI, the Advisor, or its affiliates may pay or allow additional
discounts,  commissions or promotional incentives, in the form of cash, to firms
that sell shares of the Funds.  In some  instances,  such amounts may be offered
only to certain  firms that sell or are expected to sell during  specified  time
periods  certain  minimum  amounts  of  shares  of the  Funds,  or  other  funds
underwritten by DWS-SDI.                                                        

Upon  notice to all  dealers,  DWS-SDI  may  re-allow  to dealers up to the full
applicable Class A sales charge during periods and for transactions specified in
such notice and such re-allowances may be based upon attainment of minimum sales
levels. During periods when 90% or more of the sales charge is re-allowed,  such
dealers  may be deemed to be  underwriters  as that term is  defined in the 1933
Act.                                                                            

DWS-SDI may at its discretion  compensate  investment dealers or other financial
services  firms in  connection  with the sale of Class A shares  of the Funds in
accordance  with the Large  Order  NAV  Purchase  Privilege  and one of the five
compensation schedules up to the following amounts:                             

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]


                      Compensation Schedule #1:                             Compensation Schedule #2: DWS      
                      -------------------------                             -----------------------------      
              Retail Sales and DWS Scudder Flex Plan(1)                        Scudder Premium Plan(2)         
              -----------------------------------------                        -----------------------         
                                                                                                               

                 Amount of                    As a Percentage of Net  Amount of Shares   As a Percentage of Net
                Shares Sold                         Asset Value             Sold              Asset Value      
                -----------                         -----------             ----              -----------      

$1 million to $3 million (equity funds)                1.00%                                                   

Over $3 million to $50 million                         0.50%           Over $3 million       0.00% - 0.50%     

                                       47                                                                      

P-->497333rd Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 333rd
                      Compensation Schedule #1:                             Compensation Schedule #2: DWS      
                      -------------------------                             -----------------------------      
              Retail Sales and DWS Scudder Flex Plan(1)                        Scudder Premium Plan(2)         
              -----------------------------------------                        -----------------------         

                 Amount of                    As a Percentage of Net  Amount of Shares   As a Percentage of Net
                Shares Sold                         Asset Value             Sold              Asset Value      
                -----------                         -----------             ----              -----------      

Over $50 million                                       0.25%                  --                    --         

Compensation Schedule #3: DWS Scudder Choice Plan(3)      
----------------------------------------------------      

       Amount of                      As a Percentage of Net
 Shares Sold                           Asset Value
 -----------                           -----------

All amounts (equity funds)                               1.00%                  

(1)      For purposes of determining the appropriate commission percentage to be
         applied to a particular sale under the foregoing schedule, DWS-SDI will
         consider the cumulative  amount invested by the purchaser in a Fund and
         other  Funds  listed  under  "Special  Features  -- Class A  Shares  --
         Combined  Purchases,"  including  purchases  pursuant to the  "Combined
Purchases," "Letter  of Intent"  and  "Cumulative  Discount"  features
referred to above.                                            

(2)      Compensation Schedules 2 applies to employer sponsored employee benefit
         plans  using  the  OmniPlus   subaccount  record  keeping  system  made
         available  through  ADP,  Inc.  under an alliance  with DWS-SDI and its
affiliates.                                                   

(3)      DWS-SDI compensates UBS Financial 0.50%.                               

DWS-SDI  compensates  firms for sales of Class B shares at the time of sale at a
commission  rate of up to 3.75%  of the  amount  of  Class B  shares  purchased.
DWS-SDI is compensated  by the Funds for services as  distributor  and principal
underwriter for Class B shares.  Except as provided below,  for sales of Class C
shares,  DWS-SDI advances to firms the first year  distribution fee at a rate of
0.75% of the  purchase  price of such shares,  and, for periods  after the first
year,  DWS-SDI  currently  pays firms for sales of Class C shares a distribution
fee, payable quarterly, at an annual rate of 0.75% of net assets attributable to
Class C shares  maintained and serviced by the firm. For sales of Class C shares
to employer  sponsored  employee  benefit  plans using the  OmniPlus  subaccount
record keeping  system made  available  through ADP, Inc. under an alliance with
DWS-SDI and its affiliates, DWS-SDI does not advance the first year distribution
fee and for  periods  after the date of sale,  DWS-SDI  currently  pays  firms a
distribution  fee,  payable  quarterly,  at an annual rate of 0.75% based on net
assets as of the last business day of the month  attributable  to Class C shares
maintained  and serviced by the firm.  DWS-SDI is  compensated  by the Funds for
services as distributor and principal underwriter for Class C shares.           

Revenue Sharing                                                                 

In light of recent  regulatory  developments,  the Advisor,  the Distributor and
their affiliates have undertaken to furnish certain additional information below
regarding  the  level  of  payments  made  by them to  selected  affiliated  and
unaffiliated  brokers,  dealers,  participating  insurance  companies  or  other
financial  intermediaries  ("financial  advisors") in  connection  with the sale
and/or  distribution  of  Fund  shares  or the  retention  and/or  servicing  of
investors and Fund shares ("revenue sharing").                                  

The  Advisor,  the  Distributor  and/or  their  affiliates  may  pay  additional
compensation,  out of their own  assets and not as an  additional  charge to the
Fund, to financial  advisors in connection with the sale and/or  distribution of
Fund shares or the retention and/or servicing of Fund investors and Fund shares.
Such revenue  sharing  payments are in addition to any  distribution  or service
fees  payable  under any Rule  12b-1 or  service  plan of any fund,  any  record
keeping/sub-transfer  agency/networking  fees  payable  by the  Fund  (generally
through the  Distributor  or an  affiliate)  and/or the  Distributor  to certain
financial   advisors  for  performing  such  services  and  any  sales  charges,
commissions,                                                                    

48

P-->497334th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 334th
non-cash compensation arrangements expressly permitted under applicable rules of
FINRA or other  concessions  described  in the fee  table  or  elsewhere  in the
Prospectuses or the SAI as payable to all financial advisors.  For example,  the
Advisor,  the  Distributor  and/or their  affiliates  may  compensate  financial
advisors for  providing  the Fund with "shelf  space" or access to a third party
platform or fund offering list, or other marketing programs  including,  without
limitation,  inclusion  of the Fund on  preferred  or  recommended  sales lists,
mutual fund  "supermarket"  platforms and other formal sales programs;  granting
the  Distributor  access to the financial  advisor's  sales force;  granting the
Distributor  access  to  the  financial  advisor's   conferences  and  meetings;
assistance in training and educating the  financial  advisor's  personnel;  and,
obtaining  other  forms of  marketing  support.  The  level of  revenue  sharing
payments made to financial advisors may be a fixed fee or based upon one or more
of the following factors:  gross sales, current assets and/or number of accounts
of the Fund attributable to the financial  advisor,  the particular fund or fund
type or other measures as agreed to by the Advisor, the Distributor and/or their
affiliates and the financial advisors or any combination  thereof. The amount of
these payments is determined at the discretion of the Advisor,  the  Distributor
and/or  their  affiliates  from  time to time,  may be  substantial,  and may be
different for different financial advisors based on, for example,  the nature of
the services provided by the financial advisor.                                 

The Advisor,  the  Distributor  and/or their  affiliates  currently make revenue
sharing  payments  from  their own  assets in  connection  with the sale  and/or
distribution of DWS Fund shares, or the retention and/or servicing of investors,
to financial  advisors in amounts that  generally  range from .01% up to .50% of
assets of the Fund serviced and  maintained by the  financial  advisor,  .10% to
..25% of sales of the Fund attributable to the financial  advisor, a flat fee of
$12,500 up to $500,000, or any combination thereof. These amounts are subject to
change  at  the  discretion  of  the  Advisor,   the  Distributor  and/or  their
affiliates.   Receipt  of,  or  the  prospect  of  receiving,   this  additional
compensation, may influence your financial advisor's recommendation of this Fund
or of any  particular  share class of the Fund. You should review your financial
advisor's  compensation  disclosure  and/or  talk to your  financial  advisor to
obtain  more  information  on how this  compensation  may have  influenced  your
financial advisor's recommendation of this Fund.                                

The Advisor,  the Distributor and/or their affiliates may also make such revenue
sharing  payments  to  financial  advisors  under the terms  discussed  above in
connection  with  the  distribution  of both  DWS  funds  and  non-DWS  funds by
financial  advisors to retirement plans that obtain record keeping services from
ADP, Inc. on the DWS Scudder branded  retirement plan platform (the  "Platform")
with the level of revenue  sharing  payments  being based upon sales of both the
DWS funds and the  non-DWS  funds by the  financial  advisor on the  Platform or
current  assets  of both  the DWS  funds  and the  non-DWS  funds  serviced  and
maintained by the financial advisor on the Platform.                            

As of the  date  hereof,  the  Fund  has been  advised  that  the  Advisor,  the
Distributor  and their  affiliates  expect that the following firms will receive
revenue sharing payments at different points during the coming year as described
above:                                                                          

Channel: Broker-Dealers and Financial Advisors                                  

A G Edwards & Sons Inc.                                                         
AIG Advisors Group                                                              
Ameriprise                                                                      
Cadaret, Grant & Co. Inc.                                                       
Capital Analyst, Incorporated                                                   
Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (dba Smith Barney)                               
Commonwealth  Equity Services,  LLP (dba Commonwealth  Financial  Network)      
First Clearing/Wachovia Securities                                              
HD Vest Investment Securities, Inc.                                             
ING Group                                                                       
LaSalle Financial Services, Inc. (dba ABN Amro)                                 
Linsco/Private Ledger Corp.                                                     
Marsh Insurance and Investment Company                                          
Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Inc.                                      
Morgan Stanley                                                                  
Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.                                                         

49

P-->497335th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 335th
Pacific Select Distributors Group                                               
Raymond James & Associates                                                      
Raymond James Financial Services                                                
RBC Dain Rauscher, Inc                                                          
Securities America, Inc.                                                        
UBS Financial Services                                                          
Wells Fargo Investments, LLC                                                    

Channel: Cash Product Platform                                                  

ADP Clearing & Outsourcing                                                      
Allegheny Investments LTD                                                       
Bank of New York (Hare & Co.)                                                   
Bear, Stearns Securities Corp.                                                  
Brown Brothers Harriman                                                         
Brown Investment Advisory & Trust Company                                       
Cadaret Grant & Co.                                                             
Chicago Mercantile Exchange                                                     
Citibank NA                                                                     
D.A. Davidson & Company                                                         
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.                                                   
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas                                            
Emmett A. Larkin Company                                                        
Fiduciary Trust Co. - International                                             
H.C. Denison Co.                                                                
Huntleigh Securities                                                            
Investors Bank & Trust                                                          
JPMorgan Chase                                                                  
Lincoln Investment Planning                                                     
Linsco Private Ledger  Financial  Services                                      
Mellon  Financial  Markets LLC                                                  
Penson Financial Services                                                       
Pershing Choice Platform                                                        
ProFunds Distributors, Inc.                                                     
Romano Brothers and Company                                                     
SAMCO Capital Markets (Fund Services, Inc.)                                     
Smith Moore & Company                                                           
State Street Bank & Trust Co.                                                   
Sungard Institutional Brokerage Inc.                                            
US Bancorp                                                                      
UBS Financial Services Inc.                                                     
William Blair & Company                                                         

Channel: Third Party Insurance Platforms                                        

Acacia National Life Insurance                                                  
Allmerica Financial Life Insurance Company                                      
Allstate Life Insurance Company of New York                                     
Ameritas Life Insurance Group                                                   
American General Life Insurance Company                                         
Annuity Investors Life Insurance Company                                        
Columbus Life Insurance Company                                                 
Commonwealth Annuity and Life Insurance Company                                 
Companion Life Insurance Company                                                
Connecticut General Life Insurance Company                                      

50

P-->497336th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 336th
Farmers New World Life Insurance Company                                        
Fidelity Security Life Insurance Company                                        
First Allmerica Financial Life Insurance Company                                
Genworth Life Insurance Company of New York                                     
Genworth Life and Annuity Insurance Company                                     
Great West Life and Annuity  Insurance  Company                                 
Hartford Life Insurance Company                                                 
ICMG Registered Variable Life                                                   
Integrity Life Insurance Company                                                
John Hancock Life Insurance companies                                           
Kemper Investors Life Insurance Company                                         
Lincoln Benefit Life Insurance Company                                          
Lincoln Life & Annuity Company of New York                                      
Lincoln National Life Insurance Company                                         
Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Group                                       
MetLife Group                                                                   
Minnesota Life Insurance Company                                                
Mutual of America Life Insurance Company                                        
National Life Insurance Company                                                 
National Integrity Life Insurance Company                                       
Nationwide Group                                                                
New York Life Insurance and Annuity Corporation                                 
Phoenix Life Insurance Company                                                  
Protective Life Insurance                                                       
Provident Mutual Life Insurance                                                 
Prudential Insurance Company of America                                         
Sun Life GroupSymetra Life Insurance Company                                    
Transamerica Life Insurance Company                                             
Union Central Life Insurance Company                                            
United of Omaha Life Insurance Company                                          
United Investors Life Insurance Company                                         
Western Southern Life Assurance Company                                         

Any additions,  modifications or deletions to the financial advisors  identified
above that have occurred since the date hereof are not reflected.               

The Advisor,  the  Distributor  or their  affiliates  may enter into  additional
revenue sharing arrangements or change or discontinue existing arrangements with
financial advisors at any time without notice.                                  

The  prospect  of  receiving,  or the  receipt  of  additional  compensation  or
promotional  incentives  described above by financial  advisors may provide such
financial advisors and/or their salespersons with an incentive to favor sales of
shares of the DWS Funds or a particular  DWS Fund over sales of shares of mutual
funds (or  non-mutual  fund  investments)  with  respect to which the  financial
advisor does not receive additional compensation or promotional  incentives,  or
receives  lower levels of additional  compensation  or  promotional  incentives.
Similarly,  financial advisors may receive different  compensation or incentives
that may influence  their  recommendation  of any particular  share class of the
Fund or of other funds. These payment arrangements, however, will not change the
price that an investor pays for Fund shares or the amount that the Fund receives
to invest on behalf of an investor and will not increase Fund expenses.  You may
wish to take  such  payment  arrangements  into  account  when  considering  and
evaluating  any  recommendations  relating to Fund shares and you should discuss
this matter with your  financial  advisor  and review your  financial  advisor's
disclosures.                                                                    

Class A Purchases.  The public  offering  price of Class A shares for purchasers
choosing  the initial  sales  charge  alternative  is the net asset value plus a
sales charge, as set forth below.                                               

51

P-->497337th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 337th
                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]


                                                        Sales Charge                          
                                                        ------------                          
                                                                            Allowed to Dealers
                                   As a Percentage of  As a Percentage of  as a Percentage of 
Amount of Purchase                   Offering Price     Net Asset Value*      Offering Price  
------------------                   --------------     ---------------       --------------  

                                                                                              
Less than $50,000                         5.75%               6.10%              5.20%        
$50,000 but less than $100,000            4.50                4.71               4.00         
$100,000 but less than $250,000           3.50                3.63               3.00         
$250,000 but less than $500,000           2.60                2.67               2.25         
$500,000 but less than $1 million         2.00                2.04               1.75         
$1 million and over                        .00**               .00**              .00***      

*        Rounded to the nearest one-hundredth percent.                          

**       Redemption  of shares  may be subject to a  contingent  deferred  sales
charge as discussed below.                                    

***      Commission is payable by DWS-SDI as discussed below.                   

Class A  Quantity  Discounts.  An  investor  or the  investor's  dealer or other
financial  services  firm must notify the  Shareholder  Service Agent or DWS-SDI
whenever  a  quantity  discount  or  reduced  sales  charge is  applicable  to a
purchase.  In order to qualify  for a lower  sales  charge,  all orders  from an
organized  group will have to be placed  through a single  investment  dealer or
other firm and identified as originating from a qualifying purchaser.           

Combined  Purchases.  Each Fund's  Class A shares may be  purchased  at the rate
applicable to the sales charge discount  bracket  attained by combining same day
investments in Class A shares of any DWS Funds that bear a sales charge.        

Class B Purchases.  Class B shares of a Fund are offered at net asset value.  No
initial  sales charge is imposed.  Class B shares sold without an initial  sales
charge allow the full amount of the investor's  purchase  payment to be invested
in Class B shares  for his or her  account.  Class B  shares  have a  contingent
deferred  sales charge of 4.00% that  declines (for shares sold within six years
of purchase)  and Rule 12b-1 fees, as described in the Funds'  Prospectuses  and
SAI. Class B shares automatically convert to Class A shares after six years.    

Class C Purchases.  Class C shares of a Fund are offered at net asset value.  No
initial sales charge is imposed  which allows the full amount of the  investor's
purchase payment to be invested in Class C shares for his or her account.  Class
C shares are subject to a contingent  deferred sales charge of 1.00% (for shares
sold within one year of  purchase)  and Rule 12b-1  fees,  as  described  in the
Funds' prospectus and Statement of Additional Information.                      

Letter of Intent.  The reduced sales charges for Class A shares, as shown in the
applicable prospectus,  also apply to the aggregate amount of purchases of Class
A shares of DWS Funds that bear a sales  charge made by any  purchaser  within a
24-month period under a written Letter of Intent ("Letter") provided by DWS-SDI.
The Letter,  which imposes no obligation to purchase or sell additional  Class A
shares,  provides  for a price  adjustment  depending  upon  the  actual  amount
purchased  within  such  period.  The Letter  provides  that the first  purchase
following  execution  of the  Letter  must be at least 5% of the  amount  of the
intended  purchase,  and that 5% of the amount of the intended purchase normally
will be held in escrow in the form of shares pending  completion of the intended
purchase.  If the total  investments under the Letter are less than the intended
amount and thereby  qualify only for a higher sales charge than  actually  paid,
the  appropriate  number of escrowed  shares are redeemed and the proceeds  used
toward  satisfaction  of the obligation to pay the increased  sales charge.  The
Letter  for  an  employer-sponsored  employee  benefit  plan  maintained  on the
subaccount  record keeping system available  through ADP, Inc. under an alliance
with DWS-SDI and its affiliates may have special provisions regarding payment of
any  increased  sales charge  resulting  from a failure to complete the intended
purchase under the Letter.  A shareholder  may include the value (at the maximum
offering price,  which is determined by adding the maximum applicable sales load
charged to the net asset  value) of all Class A shares of such DWS Funds held of
record as of the  initial  purchase  date under the  Letter as an  "accumulation
credit" toward the  completion of the Letter,  but no price  adjustment  will be
made on such shares.                                                            

52

P-->497338th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 338th
Class A Cumulative  Discount.  Class A shares of a Fund may also be purchased at
the rate  applicable to the discount  bracket  attained by adding to the cost of
shares being purchased, the value of all Class A shares of DWS Funds that bear a
sales charge (computed at the maximum offering price at the time of the purchase
for which the discount is  applicable)  already  owned by the investor or his or
her immediate family member (including the investor's spouse or life partner and
children or stepchildren age 21 or younger).                                    

For purposes of the Combined Purchases, Letter of Intent and Cumulative Discount
features  described above,  employer  sponsored employee benefit plans using the
Flex  subaccount  record  keeping  system  available  through ADP, Inc. under an
alliance with DWS-SDI and its affiliates may include:  (a) Money Market Funds as
"DWS  Funds," (b) all classes of shares of any DWS Fund and (c) the value of any
other plan  investments,  such as guaranteed  investment  contracts and employer
stock,  maintained on such subaccount record keeping system.  Once eligible plan
assets under this provision reach the $1,000,000  threshold,  a later decline in
assets  below the  $1,000,000  threshold  will not affect the plan's  ability to
continue to purchase Class A shares at net asset value.                         

Class A NAV Sales. Class A shares may be sold at net asset value to:            

(a)      a current  or former  director  or trustee  of  Deutsche  or DWS mutual
funds;                                                        

(b)      an  employee  (including  the  employee's  spouse or life  partner  and
         children or  stepchildren  age 21 or  younger) of Deutsche  Bank or its
         affiliates or of a subadvisor to any fund in the DWS family of funds or
         of a  broker-dealer  authorized  to sell  shares of the Fund or service
agents of the Funds;                                          

(c)      certain  professionals  who assist in the promotion of DWS mutual funds
         pursuant to personal services contracts with DWS-SDI, for themselves or
         members of their  families.  DWS-SDI in its  discretion  may compensate
         financial  services  firms  for  sales  of Class A  shares  under  this
         privilege at a commission rate of 0.50% of the amount of Class A shares
purchased;                                                    

(d)      any trust, pension,  profit-sharing or other benefit plan for only such
persons listed under the preceding paragraphs (a) and (b);    

(e)      persons who purchase such shares  through bank trust  departments  that
         process  such  trades  through an  automated,  integrated  mutual  fund
clearing program provided by a third party clearing firm;     

(f)      selected  employees  (including  their  spouses  or life  partners  and
         children  or  stepchildren  age  21 or  younger)  of  banks  and  other
         financial services firms that provide  administrative  services related
         to order placement and payment to facilitate  transactions in shares of
         the Fund for their clients pursuant to an agreement with DWS-SDI or one
         of its  affiliates.  Only those employees of such banks and other firms
         who  as  part  of  their  usual  duties  provide  services  related  to
transactions in Fund shares qualify;                          

(g)      unit  investment  trusts  sponsored  by Ranson &  Associates,  Inc. and
         unitholders of unit investment trusts sponsored by Ranson & Associates,
         Inc. or its predecessors through reinvestment programs described in the
prospectuses of such trusts that have such programs;          

(h)      through certain  investment  advisors  registered  under the Investment
         Advisers Act of 1940 and other  financial  services firms acting solely
         as  agent  for  their  clients,   that  adhere  to  certain   standards
         established  by DWS-SDI,  including a  requirement  that such shares be
         sold for the benefit of their  clients  participating  in an investment
         advisory program or agency commission  program under which such clients
         pay a fee to  the  investment  advisor  or  other  firm  for  portfolio
         management  or agency  brokerage  services.  Such  shares  are sold for
         investment  purposes and on the condition  that they will not be resold
except through redemption or repurchase by the Fund;          

(i)      employer  sponsored  employee  benefit plans using the Flex  subaccount
         recordkeeping system ("Flex Plans") made available through ADP under an
 alliance with DWS-SDI and its affiliates,  established prior to

53

P-->497339th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 339th
October 1, 2003, provided that the Flex Plan is a  participant-directed
plan that has not less than 200 eligible employees;           

(j)      investors investing $1 million or more, either as a lump sum or through
         the "Combined  Purchases," "Letter of Intent" and "Cumulative Discount"
         features referred to above (collectively, the "Large Order NAV Purchase
         Privilege"). The Large Order NAV Purchase Privilege is not available if
another net asset value purchase privilege is available;      

(k)      defined contribution investment only plans with a minimum of $1,000,000
     in plan assets regardless of the amount allocated to the DWS funds;

In addition, Class A shares may be sold at net asset value in connection with:  

(l)      the  acquisition  of the  assets  of or merger  or  consolidation  with
         another investment  company,  or to shareholders in connection with the
         investment or reinvestment  of income and capital gain  dividends,  and
         under other circumstances  deemed appropriate by DWS-SDI and consistent
with regulatory requirements; and                             

(m)      a  direct  "roll  over"  of a  distribution  from a Flex  Plan  or from
         participants in employer sponsored employee benefit plans maintained on
         the OmniPlus  subaccount  record keeping system made available  through
         ADP, Inc. under an alliance with DWS-SDI and its affiliates  into a DWS
Scudder IRA;                                                  

(n)      reinvestment of fund dividends and distributions;                      

(o)      exchanging  an  investment in Class A shares of another fund in the DWS
family of funds for an investment in the fund.                

Class A shares also may be purchased at net asset value in any amount by members
of the plaintiff class in the proceeding known as Howard and Audrey Tabankin, et
al. v. Kemper  Short-Term  Global  Income Fund, et al., Case No. 93 C 5231 (N.D.
IL). This privilege is generally non-transferable and continues for the lifetime
of individual class members and for a ten-year period for  non-individual  class
members.  To make a  purchase  at net asset  value  under  this  privilege,  the
investor  must,  at the time of  purchase,  submit a  written  request  that the
purchase be processed at net asset value pursuant to this privilege specifically
identifying the purchaser as a member of the "Tabankin  Class." Shares purchased
under this privilege will be maintained in a separate account that includes only
shares  purchased  under  this  privilege.  For  more  details  concerning  this
privilege,  class members should refer to the Notice of (i) Proposed  Settlement
with Defendants;  and (ii) Hearing to Determine Fairness of Proposed Settlement,
dated  August 31,  1995,  issued in  connection  with the  aforementioned  court
proceeding.  For  sales of Fund  shares  at net  asset  value  pursuant  to this
privilege,  DWS-SDI  may in its  discretion  pay  investment  dealers  and other
financial services firms a concession,  payable quarterly,  at an annual rate of
up to 0.25% of net assets attributable to such shares maintained and serviced by
the firm.  A firm  becomes  eligible  for the  concession  based upon  assets in
accounts  attributable  to shares  purchased  under this  privilege in the month
after the month of purchase and the  concession  continues  until  terminated by
DWS-SDI.  The  privilege of  purchasing  Class A shares of the Fund at net asset
value under this  privilege is not available if another net asset value purchase
privilege also applies.                                                         

Multi-Class  Suitability.  DWS-SDI  has  established  the  following  procedures
regarding  the  purchase  of Class A,  Class B and  Class C  shares.  Orders  to
purchase  Class B shares of  $100,000  or more and  orders to  purchase  Class C
shares  of  $500,000  or more  will be  declined  with the  exception  of orders
received from financial representatives acting for clients whose shares are held
in an omnibus account and  employer-sponsored  employee  benefit plans using the
subaccount  record keeping system  ("System")  maintained for DWS-branded  plans
under an alliance with DWS-SDI and its affiliates  ("DWS Scudder Flex Plans" and
"DWS Scudder Choice Plans").                                                    

The following  provisions apply to DWS Scudder Flex Plans and DWS Scudder Choice
Plans.                                                                          

54

P-->497340th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 340th
a.       Class B Share DWS Scudder Flex Plans. Class B shares have not been sold
         to DWS Scudder  Flex Plans that were  established  on the System  after
         October 1, 2003.  Orders to  purchase  Class B shares for a DWS Scudder
         Flex Plan  established  on the System prior to October 1, 2003 that has
         regularly been  purchasing  Class B shares will be invested  instead in
         Class A shares at net asset value when the combined subaccount value in
         DWS Funds or other  eligible  assets  held by the plan is  $100,000  or
         more.  This  provision  will be imposed  for the first  purchase  after
         eligible plan assets reach the $100,000  threshold.  A later decline in
         assets below the $100,000  threshold will not affect the plan's ability
to continue to purchase Class A shares at net asset value.    

b.       Class C Share DWS Scudder Flex Plans. Orders to purchase Class C shares
         for a  DWS  Scudder  Flex  Plan,  regardless  of  when  such  plan  was
         established on the System,  will be invested  instead in Class A shares
         at net asset value when the combined  subaccount  value in DWS Funds or
         other  eligible  assets held by the plan is  $1,000,000  or more.  This
         provision  will be imposed for the first  purchase  after eligible plan
         assets reach the $1,000,000 threshold.  A later decline in assets below
         the $1,000,000 threshold will not affect the plan's ability to continue
to purchase Class A shares at net asset value.                

c.       Class C Share DWS Scudder  Choice  Plans.  Orders to  purchase  Class C
         shares for a DWS Scudder Choice Plan that has been regularly purchasing
         Class C shares will be invested  instead in Class A shares at net asset
         value when the combined subaccount value in DWS Funds or other eligible
         assets held by the plan is $1,000,000 or more.  This  provision will be
         imposed for purchases  made  beginning in the month after eligible plan
         assets reach the $1,000,000  threshold.  In addition, as a condition to
         being permitted to use the Choice Plan platform, plans must agree that,
         within  one month  after  eligible  plan  assets  reach the  $1,000,000
         threshold,  all  existing  Class  C  shares  held in the  plan  will be
automatically converted to Class A shares.                    

The procedures  above do not reflect in any way the  suitability of a particular
class of shares for a particular investor and should not be relied upon as such.
A suitability  determination  must be made by investors  with the  assistance of
their financial representative.                                                 

Purchase  of  Institutional   Class  Shares.   (DWS   International  Fund  only)
Information  on how to buy shares is set forth in the section  entitled  "How to
Invest in the Fund" in the Fund's  Prospectus.  The following  supplements  that
information.  The minimum initial  investment for Institutional  Class shares is
$1,000,000.   There  is  no  minimum  subsequent   investment   requirement  for
Institutional Class shares.                                                     

To sell shares in a retirement  account  other than an IRA, your request must be
made in writing,  except for exchanges to other eligible funds in the DWS family
of funds, which can be requested by phone or in writing.                        

Purchase of Class R Shares. (DWS Global Thematic Fund only) Investors may invest
in Class R shares through certain retirement and other plans. Class R shares are
subject to an annual distribution and shareholder  servicing fee of 0.50% (0.25%
distribution fee, 0.25% shareholder service fee.)                               

You may buy  Class R shares  if you are a  participant  in any of the  following
types of employer sponsored plans that offer R shares of the fund:              

o        All section 401(a) and 457 plans                                       

o        Certain section 403(b)(7) plans                                        

o        401(k),  profit  sharing,  money purchase  pension and defined  benefit
plans                                                         

o        Non-qualified deferred compensation plans                              

The fund's  transfer  agent monitors  transactions  in Class R shares to help to
ensure  that  investors  purchasing  Class R shares  meet the above  eligibility
requirements.  If the transfer  agent is unable to verify that an investor meets
the                                                                             

55

P-->497341st Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 341st
eligibility  requirements for Class R, either  following  receipt of a completed
application  form within time frames  established  by the fund or as part of its
ongoing  monitoring,  the transfer  agent may take  corrective  action up to and
including canceling the purchase order or redeeming the account.                

Automatic  Investment  Plan. A shareholder may purchase shares of a Fund through
an automatic investment program.  With the Direct Deposit Purchase Plan ("Direct
Deposit"), investments are made automatically (minimum $500 and maximum $250,000
for both initial and subsequent investments) from the shareholder's account at a
bank,  savings and loan or credit  union into the  shareholder's  Fund  account.
Termination by a shareholder  will become effective within thirty days after the
Shareholder  Service  Agent has  received the  request.  A Fund may  immediately
terminate a shareholder's Direct Deposit in the event that any item is unpaid by
the shareholder's financial institution.                                        

Minimum Subsequent Investment Policies.  For current shareholders there is a $50
minimum investment  requirement for subsequent investments in the fund. There is
no  minimum  subsequent  investment  requirement  for  investments  on behalf of
participants in certain  fee-based and wrap programs  offered through  financial
intermediaries approved by the Advisor.                                         

Payroll  Investment  Plans. A shareholder  may purchase  shares through  Payroll
Direct Deposit or Government  Direct  Deposit.  Under these  programs,  all or a
portion of a shareholder's  net pay or government check is invested each payment
period.  A shareholder may terminate  participation  in these programs by giving
written  notice  to  the  shareholder's   employer  or  government   agency,  as
appropriate.  (A reasonable  time to act is required.) A Fund is not responsible
for the  efficiency of the employer or  government  agency making the payment or
any financial institutions transmitting payments.                               

Redemptions                                                                     

Redemption fee. Each Fund imposes a redemption fee of 2% of the total redemption
amount  (calculated  at net asset  value,  without  regard to the  effect of any
contingent  deferred sales charge; any contingent  deferred sales charge is also
assessed on the total redemption  amount without regard to the assessment of the
2% redemption  fee) on all Fund shares  redeemed or exchanged  within 15 days of
buying  them  (either by  purchase  or  exchange).  The  redemption  fee is paid
directly to a Fund,  and is designed to encourage  long-term  investment  and to
offset  transaction  and other costs  associated  with  short-term  or excessive
trading. For purposes of determining whether the redemption fee applies,  shares
held the longest  time will be treated as being  redeemed  first and shares held
the shortest time will be treated as being  redeemed last. The redemption fee is
applicable  to Fund  shares  purchased  either  directly  or through a financial
intermediary,   such  as  a  broker-dealer.   Transactions   through   financial
intermediaries  typically  are  placed  with the Funds on an  omnibus  basis and
include  both  purchase  and sale  transactions  placed on  behalf  of  multiple
investors. These purchase and sale transactions are generally netted against one
another and placed on an aggregate  basis;  consequently  the  identities of the
individuals on whose behalf the  transactions are placed generally are not known
to the Funds.  For this reason,  each Fund has  undertaken  to notify  financial
intermediaries  of their  obligation  to assess the  redemption  fee on customer
accounts  and to collect  and remit the  proceeds to the Fund.  However,  due to
operational   requirements,   the  intermediaries'   methods  for  tracking  and
calculating  the fee may be  inadequate  or  differ  in some  respects  from the
Funds'.                                                                         

A Fund may suspend the right of redemption or delay payment more than seven days
(a) during any period when the Exchange is closed other than  customary  weekend
and holiday  closings or during any period in which  trading on the  Exchange is
restricted,  (b) during any period when an emergency exists as a result of which
(i) disposal of the Fund's investments is not reasonably practicable, or (ii) it
is not  reasonably  practicable  for the Fund to determine  the value of its net
assets,  or (c) for such other  periods  as the SEC may by order  permit for the
protection of the Fund's shareholders.                                          

A  request  for  repurchase  (confirmed  redemption)  may be  communicated  by a
shareholder  through a  financial  services  firm to  DWS-SDI,  which firms must
promptly submit orders to be effective.                                         

Redemption  requests  must be  unconditional.  Redemption  requests (and a stock
power for certificated  shares) must be duly endorsed by the account holder.  As
specified  in  the  prospectus,  signatures  may  need  to  be  guaranteed  by a

56

P-->497342nd Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 342nd
commercial bank, trust company,  savings and loan  association,  federal savings
bank,  member  firm  of  a  national  securities  exchange  or  other  financial
institution  permitted by SEC rule.  Additional  documentation  may be required,
particularly  from   institutional  and  fiduciary  account  holders,   such  as
corporations,  custodians  (e.g.,  under the Uniform  Transfers  to Minors Act),
executors, administrators, trustees or guardians.                               

If the proceeds of the  redemption  (prior to the  imposition of any  contingent
deferred  sales charge) are $100,000 or less and the proceeds are payable to the
shareholder of record at the address of record,  normally a telephone request or
a written  request by any one account  holder  without a signature  guarantee is
sufficient for  redemptions by individual or joint account  holders,  and trust,
executor  and  guardian  account  holders,  provided  the  trustee,  executor or
guardian  is named in the  account  registration.  Other  institutional  account
holders exercise this special privilege of redeeming shares by telephone request
or written request without signature guarantee subject to the same conditions as
individual account holders, provided that this privilege has been pre-authorized
by the  institutional  account holder by written  instruction to the Shareholder
Service  Agent with  signatures  guaranteed.  This  privilege may not be used to
redeem shares held in certificated form and may not be used if the shareholder's
account has had an address change within 15 days of the redemption request.     

Wires.  Delivery of the proceeds of a wire redemption of $250,000 or more may be
delayed  by a Fund for up to seven days if the Fund or the  Shareholder  Service
Agent deems it appropriate under then-current market conditions.  The ability to
send wires is limited by the business hours and holidays of the firms  involved.
A Fund is not  responsible  for the efficiency of the federal wire system or the
account  holder's  financial  services  firm or  bank.  The  account  holder  is
responsible  for any charges  imposed by the account  holder's  firm or bank. To
change the  designated  account  to receive  wire  redemption  proceeds,  send a
written request to the Fund Shareholder Service Agent with signatures guaranteed
as described above or contact the firm through which Fund shares were purchased.

Automatic  Withdrawal  Plan.  The owner of $5,000 or more of a class of a Fund's
shares at the  offering  price (net  asset  value  plus,  in the case of Class A
shares,  the initial  sales charge) may provide for the payment from the owner's
account of any  requested  dollar amount to be paid to the owner or a designated
payee monthly,  quarterly,  semiannually or annually. The $5,000 minimum account
size is not applicable to IRAs. The minimum periodic payment is $50. The maximum
annual rate at which  shares,  subject to CDSC may be redeemed is 12% of the net
asset value of the account. Shares are redeemed so that the payee should receive
payment  approximately  the first of the month.  Investors  using this Plan must
reinvest Fund distributions.                                                    

Non-retirement plan shareholders may establish an Automatic Withdrawal Plan (the
"Plan") to receive  monthly,  quarterly or periodic  redemptions from his or her
account for any  designated  amount of $50 or more.  Shareholders  may designate
which day they want the automatic withdrawal to be processed.  The check amounts
may be based on the  redemption  of a fixed dollar  amount,  fixed share amount,
percent of account  value or  declining  balance.  The Plan  provides for income
dividends  and  capital  gains  distributions,  if  any,  to  be  reinvested  in
additional  Shares.  Shares are then  liquidated  as  necessary  to provide  for
withdrawal  payments.  Since the  withdrawals  are in  amounts  selected  by the
investor and have no relationship to yield or income,  payments  received cannot
be  considered  as  yield  or  income  on  the   investment  and  the  resulting
liquidations may deplete or possibly  extinguish the initial  investment and any
reinvested dividends and capital gains distributions.  Any such requests must be
received by a Portfolio's transfer agent ten days prior to the date of the first
automatic withdrawal. An Automatic Withdrawal Plan may be terminated at any time
by the  shareholder,  the  Trust or its  agent on  written  notice,  and will be
terminated when all Shares of a Portfolio under the Plan have been liquidated or
upon receipt by the Trust of notice of death of the shareholder.                

The purchase of Class A shares while  participating  in a systematic  withdrawal
plan will  ordinarily be  disadvantageous  to the investor  because the investor
will be paying a sales  charge on the  purchase  of shares at the same time that
the investor is redeeming shares upon which a sales charge may have already been
paid. Therefore, a Fund will not knowingly permit additional investments of less
than $2,000 if the investor is at the same time making systematic withdrawals.  

Contingent  Deferred Sales Charge (CDSC).  The following example will illustrate
the operation of the CDSC.  Assume that an investor  makes a single  purchase of
$10,000  of a Fund's  Class B shares  and that 16 months  later the value of the
shares has grown by $1,000  through  reinvested  dividends  and by an additional
$1,000 of share                                                                 

57

P-->497343rd Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 343rd
appreciation  to a total of  $12,000.  If the  investor  were then to redeem the
entire  $12,000 in share  value,  the CDSC would be payable only with respect to
$10,000  because  neither the $1,000 of  reinvested  dividends nor the $1,000 of
share  appreciation is subject to the charge. The charge would be at the rate of
3.00% ($300) because it was in the second year after the purchase was made.     

The rate of the CDSC is  determined  by the length of the  period of  ownership.
Investments  are tracked on a monthly  basis.  The period of ownership  for this
purpose  begins the first day of the month in which the order for the investment
is received.  For example, an investment made in March of the year of investment
will be eligible for the second  year's  charge if redeemed on or after March of
the following  year. In the event no specific  order is requested when redeeming
shares  subject  to a  CDSC,  the  redemption  will be made  first  from  shares
representing reinvested dividends and then from the earliest purchase of shares.
DWS-SDI  receives  any  CDSC  directly.  The  charge  will not be  imposed  upon
redemption of reinvested dividends or share appreciation.                       

The Class A CDSC will be waived in the event of:                                

(a)      redemptions  by  a   participant-directed   qualified  retirement  plan
         described in Code Section 401(a), a participant-directed  non-qualified
         deferred   compensation  plan  described  in  Code  Section  457  or  a
         participant-directed   qualified  retirement  plan  described  in  Code
     Section 403(b)(7) which is not sponsored by a K-12 school district;

(b)      redemptions  by  employer-sponsored  employee  benefit  plans using the
         subaccount record keeping system made available through ADP, Inc. under
an alliance with DWS-SDI and its affiliates;                  

(c)      redemption  of shares of a  shareholder  (including a registered  joint
   owner) who has died or is disabled (under certain circumstances);

(d)      redemption  of shares of a  shareholder  (including a registered  joint
         owner) who after purchase of the shares being redeemed  becomes totally
         disabled  (as  evidenced  by a  determination  by  the  federal  Social
Security Administration);                                     

(e)      redemptions  under a Fund's  Automatic  Withdrawal Plan at a maximum of
12% per year of the net asset value of the account;           

(f)      redemptions  of  shares  whose  dealer  of  record  at the  time of the
         investment  notifies  DWS-SDI that the dealer waives the  discretionary
commission applicable to such Large Order NAV Purchase; and   

(g)      redemptions for certain loan advances,  hardship  provisions or returns
of excess contributions from retirement plans.                

The Class B CDSC will be waived  for the  circumstances  set forth in items (c),
(d), (e) and (g) for Class A shares. In addition, this CDSC will be waived:     

(h)      for redemptions made pursuant to any IRA systematic withdrawal based on
         the  shareholder's  life  expectancy  including,  but not  limited  to,
         substantially  equal periodic  payments  described in Internal  Revenue
Code Section 72(t)(2)(A)(iv) prior to age 59 1/2;             

(i)      for redemptions to satisfy required minimum  distributions after age 70
         1/2 from an IRA account (with the maximum amount subject to this waiver
        being based only upon the shareholder's DWS Scudder IRA accounts); and

(j)      in connection with the following redemptions of shares held by employer
         sponsored  employee benefit plans  maintained on the subaccount  record
         keeping  system  made  available  through  ADP under an  alliance  with
         DWS-SDI and its affiliates:  (1) to satisfy  participant  loan advances
         (note that loan repayments constitute new purchases for purposes of the
         CDSC and the conversion  privilege),  (2) in connection with retirement

58

P-->497344th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 344th
         distributions  (limited  at any one time to 12% of the  total  value of
         plan assets invested in the Fund), (3) in connection with distributions
         qualifying under the hardship  provisions of the Internal Revenue Code,
         (4) representing  returns of excess contributions to such plans and (5)
         in connection  with direct "roll over"  distributions  from a Flex Plan
         into a DWS  Scudder  IRA under the  Class A net  asset  value  purchase
privilege.                                                    

The Class C CDSC will be waived  for the  circumstances  set forth in items (b),
(c), (d), (e) and (g) for Class A shares and for the  circumstances set forth in
items (h) and (i) for Class B shares. In addition, this CDSC will be waived for:

(k)      redemption  of shares by an employer  sponsored  employee  benefit plan
         that offers  funds in addition to DWS Funds and whose  dealer of record
         has waived the  advance of the first year  administrative  service  and
         distribution  fees applicable to such shares and agrees to receive such
fees quarterly, and                                           

(l)      redemption  of  shares  purchased  through  a  dealer-sponsored   asset
         allocation  program  maintained  on an  omnibus  record-keeping  system
         provided  the dealer of record had waived the advance of the first year
         administrative services and distribution fees applicable to such shares
and has agreed to receive such fees quarterly.                

In-kind  Redemptions.  A Fund  reserves  the  right to  honor  any  request  for
redemption or repurchase  by making  payment in whole or in part in  securities.
These securities will be chosen by a Fund and valued as they are for purposes of
computing  the fund's  net asset  value.  A  shareholder  may incur  transaction
expenses in converting these securities to cash.                                

Exchanges                                                                       

Shareholders  may request a taxable  exchange of their  shares for shares of the
corresponding  class of other DWS Funds  without  imposition  of a sales charge,
subject to the provisions  below. For purposes of calculating any CDSC,  amounts
exchanged retain their original cost and purchase date.                         

Shares of money  market  funds that were  acquired  by purchase  (not  including
shares acquired by dividend  reinvestment)  are subject to the applicable  sales
charge on exchange.  Series of DWS Target Fund are  available  on exchange  only
during  the  offering  period for such  series as  described  in the  applicable
prospectus.  Tax Free Money Fund -- Investment  Class, NY Tax-Free Money Fund --
Investment Class,  Treasury Money Fund -- Investment Class, Money Market Fund --
Investment  Class,  Cash  Management  Fund  Institutional,  Cash  Reserves  Fund
Institutional,  Treasury Money Fund --  Institutional,  Cash Reserve Fund,  Inc.
Prime Series,  Tax-Exempt  California  Money Market Fund, Cash Account Trust and
Investors  Cash Trust are  available  on exchange  but only  through a financial
services  firm having a services  agreement  with DWS-SDI.  All exchanges  among
money  funds  must  meet   applicable   investor   eligibility   and  investment
requirements.  Exchanges  may only be made for funds that are available for sale
in the shareholder's state of residence.  Currently, Tax-Exempt California Money
Market Fund is available for sale only in California.                           

Shareholders must obtain prospectuses of the Funds they are exchanging into from
dealers, other firms or DWS-SDI.                                                

Automatic Exchange Plan (not applicable to Class R shares).  The owner of $1,000
or more of any  class  of  shares  of a DWS  Fund may  authorize  the  automatic
exchange  of a specified  amount ($50  minimum) of such shares for shares of the
same class of another such DWS Fund.  Exchanges will be made automatically until
the shareholder or the Fund  terminates the privilege.  Exchanges are subject to
the terms and conditions described above.                                       

Multi-Class  Conversions.  For purposes of conversion to Class A shares,  shares
purchased  through the  reinvestment of dividends and other  distributions  paid
with respect to Class B shares in a shareholder's Fund account will be converted
to Class A shares on a pro rata basis.                                          

59

P-->497345th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 345th
Dividends                                                                       

Each Fund intends to distribute  its investment  company  taxable income and any
net realized  capital gains in November or December to avoid federal excise tax,
although an additional distribution may be made if necessary.                   

Each Fund  intends  to  distribute  dividends  from its net  investment  income,
excluding short-term capital gains, annually in November and December. Each Fund
intends to distribute  net realized  capital gains after  utilization of capital
loss carryforwards, if any, in November and December to prevent application of a
federal excise tax. An additional distribution may be made, if necessary.       

Any dividends or capital gains  distributions  declared in October,  November or
December  with a record  date in such a month  and  paid  during  the  following
January will be treated by  shareholders  for federal  income tax purposes as if
received on December 31 of the calendar year declared.                          

The level of income  dividends  per share (as a  percentage  of net asset value)
will be lower for Class B and Class C Shares  than for Class A Shares  primarily
as a result of the  distribution  services fee applicable to Class B and Class C
Shares.  Distributions of capital gains, if any, will be paid in the same amount
for each class.                                                                 

Income  and  capital  gain  dividends,  if any,  of a Fund will be  credited  to
shareholder accounts in full and fractional shares of the same class of the Fund
at net asset value on the reinvestment  date,  except that, upon written request
to the Shareholder  Service Agent, a shareholder may select one of the following
options:                                                                        

1.       To receive  income and  short-term  capital gain  dividends in cash and
         long-term  capital  gain  dividends  in shares of the same class at net
asset value; or                                               

2.       To receive income and capital gain dividends in cash.                  

Dividends  will be  reinvested  in  shares  of the same  class of a Fund  unless
shareholders  indicate in writing  that they wish to receive  them in cash or in
shares  of other  DWS  Funds  with  multiple  classes  of shares or DWS Funds as
provided in the prospectuses.  To use this privilege of investing dividends of a
Fund in shares of another DWS Fund, shareholders must maintain a minimum account
value of $1,000 in the Fund  distributing  the  dividends.  A Fund will reinvest
dividend checks (and future  dividends) in shares of that same Fund and class if
checks are returned as  undeliverable.  Dividends and other  distributions  of a
Fund in the  aggregate  amount of $10 or less are  automatically  reinvested  in
shares of the Fund  unless  the  shareholder  requests  that such  policy not be
applied to the shareholder's account.                                           

If an investment is in the form of a retirement  plan, all dividends and capital
gains distributions must be reinvested into the shareholder's account.          

If  a  shareholder   has  elected  to  reinvest  any   dividends   and/or  other
distributions,  such  distributions  will be made in  shares  of that  Fund  and
confirmations will be mailed to each shareholder. If a shareholder has chosen to
receive cash, a check will be sent.  Distributions of investment company taxable
income and net realized  capital  gains are  taxable,  whether made in shares or
cash.                                                                           

Each  distribution  is  accompanied  by a  brief  explanation  of the  form  and
character of the  distribution.  The  characterization  of distributions on such
correspondence may differ from the characterization for federal tax purposes. In
January of each year,  each Fund issues to each  shareholder  a statement of the
federal income tax status of all distributions in the prior calendar year.      

Each Fund may at any time vary its foregoing dividend practices and,  therefore,
reserves  the  right  from  time to time to  either  distribute  or  retain  for
reinvestment  such of its net  investment  income  and  its net  short-term  and
long-term  capital  gains as its  Board  determines  appropriate  under the then
current circumstances. In particular, and without limiting the foregoing, a Fund
may make additional  distributions of net investment  income or capital gain net
income in order to satisfy the minimum  distribution  requirements  contained in
the Code.                                                                       

60

P-->497346th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 346th
FEDERAL INCOME TAXES

The following is intended to be a general  summary of certain federal income tax
consequences  of  investing  in the  Funds.  It is not  intended  as a  complete
discussion  of all such  consequences,  nor  does it  purport  to deal  with all
categories of investors.  Investors are therefore  advised to consult with their
tax advisors before making an investment in a Fund.                             

Taxation of the Funds.  Each Fund  intends to elect to be treated and to qualify
each year as a regulated  investment  company under Subchapter M of the Code. In
order to qualify for the special tax  treatment  accorded  regulated  investment
companies and their shareholders, each Fund must, among other things:           

(a)  derive at least  90% of its gross  income  for each  taxable  year from (i)
dividends,  interest,  payments with respect to certain  securities  loans,  and
gains  from  the sale or other  disposition  of  stock,  securities  or  foreign
currencies,  or other income  (including  but not limited to gains from options,
futures, or forward contracts) derived with respect to its business of investing
in such stock,  securities,  or  currencies;  and (ii) net income  derived  from
interest in "qualified publicly traded partnerships" (as defined below);        

(b)  diversify  its  holdings so that,  at the end of each quarter of the Fund's
taxable year, (i) at least 50% of the market value of the Fund's total assets is
represented  by cash and cash items,  US  Government  securities,  securities of
other regulated investment companies, and other securities limited in respect of
any one issuer to a value not greater  than 5% of the value of the Fund's  total
assets  and not  more  than 10% of the  outstanding  voting  securities  of such
issuer,  and (ii) not more than 25% of the value of the Fund's  total  assets is
invested (x) in the  securities  (other than those of the US Government or other
regulated  investment  companies)  of any one  issuer or of two or more  issuers
which the Fund controls and which are engaged in the same,  similar,  or related
trades or businesses, or (y) in the securities of one or more qualified publicly
traded  partnerships (as defined below). In the case of the Fund's investment in
loan  participations,  the Fund shall treat both the financial  intermediary and
the issuer of the underlying  loan as an issuer for the purposes of meeting this
diversification requirement; and                                                

(c) distribute  with respect to each taxable year at least 90% of the sum of its
investment  company  taxable income (as that term is defined in the Code without
regard to the deduction for dividends paid -- generally, taxable ordinary income
and the  excess,  if any, of net  short-term  capital  gains over net  long-term
capital losses) and net tax-exempt interest income, for such year..             

In  general,  for  purposes of the 90% gross  income  requirement  described  in
paragraph  (a)  above,  income  derived  from a  partnership  will be treated as
qualifying  income only to the extent such  income is  attributable  to items of
income of the  partnership  which would be qualifying  income if realized by the
regulated  investment company.  However,  100% of the net income derived from an
interest in a "qualified publicly traded partnership"  (defined as a partnership
(i) interests in which are traded on an established securities market or readily
tradable on a secondary  market or the substantial  equivalent  thereof and (ii)
that derives less than 90% of its income from the qualifying income described in
paragraph  (a)(i)  above) will be treated as  qualifying  income.  In  addition,
although in general the passive loss rules of the Code do not apply to regulated
investment companies, such rules do apply to a regulated investment company with
respect to items  attributable  to an interest in a  qualified  publicly  traded
partnership. Finally, for purposes of paragraph (b) above, the term "outstanding
voting  securities  of such  issuer"  will  include the equity  securities  of a
qualified publicly traded partnership.                                          

If a Fund qualifies as a regulated  investment  company that is accorded special
tax  treatment,  such Fund will not be subject  to federal  income tax on income
distributed  in a timely  manner to its  shareholders  in the form of  dividends
(including Capital Gain Dividends, as defined below).                           

If for any taxable year a Fund does not qualify for the special  federal  income
tax treatment afforded regulated investment companies, all of its taxable income
will be subject to federal  income tax at regular  corporate  rates (without any
deduction for distributions to its  shareholders),  and all  distributions  from
earnings and profits,  including any  distributions of net tax-exempt income and
net long-term capital gains, will be taxable to shareholders as ordinary income.
Such  distributions  would be eligible (i) to be treated as "qualified  dividend
income," in the case of individual and other noncorporate shareholders,  subject
to reduced rates of federal income taxation for taxable                         

61

P-->497347th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 347th
years beginning  before January 1, 2011 and (ii) for the 70% dividends  received
deduction in the case of corporate shareholders. In addition, such Fund could be
required to recognize  unrealized  gains, pay substantial taxes and interest and
make substantial  distributions  before  requalifying as a regulated  investment
company that is accorded special tax treatment.                                 

Each Fund is subject to a 4% nondeductible  excise tax on amounts required to be
but not distributed under a prescribed formula.  The formula requires payment to
shareholders  during a calendar year of distributions  representing at least 98%
of the Fund's taxable  ordinary income for the calendar year and at least 98% of
the excess of its capital gains over capital losses realized during the one-year
period  ending  October 31 (in most cases) of such year as well as amounts  that
were neither  distributed  nor taxed to the Fund during the prior calendar year.
Although each Fund's distribution  policies should enable it to avoid excise tax
liability,  a Fund may  retain  (and be  subject  to income or excise  tax on) a
portion of its capital  gain or other income if it appears to be in the interest
of such Fund.                                                                   

Taxation of Fund Distributions.  For federal income tax purposes,  distributions
of  investment  income  are  generally  taxable  as  ordinary  income.  Taxes on
distributions  of  capital  gains are  determined  by how long a Fund  owned the
investments  that generated  them,  rather than how long a shareholder has owned
his or  her  shares.  Distributions  of net  capital  gains  from  the  sale  of
investments  that a Fund  owned  for more  than  one year and that are  properly
designated by the Fund as capital gain dividends ("Capital Gain Dividends") will
be taxable as long-term  capital gains.  Distributions of gains from the sale of
investments  that a Fund owned for one year or less will be taxable as  ordinary
income.  For taxable years beginning  before January 1, 2011,  distributions  of
investment  income  designated  by a Fund as derived  from  "qualified  dividend
income" will be taxed in the hands of  individuals  at the rates  applicable  to
long-term capital gain,  provided holding period and other  requirements are met
at both the shareholder and Fund levels.                                        

Distributions  are taxable to shareholders  even if they are paid from income or
gains earned by a Fund before a shareholder's investment (and thus were included
in  the  price  the  shareholder   paid).   Distributions  are  taxable  whether
shareholders  receive them in cash or reinvest them in additional shares through
the reinvestment  privilege. A shareholder whose distributions are reinvested in
shares will be treated as having  received a dividend  equal to either:  (i) the
fair market value of the new shares  issued to the  shareholder,  or (ii) if the
shares are trading  below net asset value,  the amount of cash  allocated to the
shareholder  for the  purchase of shares on its behalf in the open  market.  Any
gain  resulting  from the sale or  exchange  of Fund  shares  generally  will be
taxable as capital gains.                                                       

Long-term  capital gain rates  applicable to individuals  have been  temporarily
reduced -- in general,  to 15% with lower rates applying to taxpayers in the 10%
and 15% rate brackets -- for taxable years beginning before January 1, 2011.    

For taxable years beginning before January 1, 2011,  "qualified dividend income"
received by an  individual  will be taxed at the rates  applicable  to long-term
capital  gain.  In order for some  portion of the  dividends  received by a Fund
shareholder to be "qualified dividend income," the Fund must meet holding period
and other  requirements  with  respect to some  portion of the  dividend  paying
stocks in its portfolio and the  shareholder  must meet holding period and other
requirements  with respect to each Fund's shares. A dividend will not be treated
as qualified  dividend  income (at either the Fund or shareholder  level) (1) if
the dividend is received  with respect to any share of stock held for fewer than
61 days during the 121-day period  beginning on the date which is 60 days before
the date on which such share becomes  ex-dividend  with respect to such dividend
(or, in the case of certain  preferred  stock, 91 days during the 181-day period
beginning  90 days before such date),  (2) to the extent that the  recipient  is
under an  obligation  (whether  pursuant to a short sale or  otherwise)  to make
related payments with respect to positions in  substantially  similar or related
property,  (3) if the recipient  elects to have the dividend  income  treated as
investment  interest,  or  (4) if  the  dividend  is  received  from  a  foreign
corporation that is (a) not eligible for the benefits of a comprehensive  income
tax treaty with the United States (with the exception of dividends paid on stock
of such a foreign  corporation  readily  tradable on an  established  securities
market in the United  States) or (b)  treated  as a passive  foreign  investment
company.                                                                        

In  general,  distributions  of  investment  income  designated  by each Fund as
derived from  qualified  dividend  income will be treated as qualified  dividend
income by a shareholder  taxed as an individual  provided the shareholder  meets
the holding period and other  requirements  described  above with respect to the
Fund's shares. If the aggregate                                                 

62

P-->497348th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 348th
qualified  dividends  received by a Fund during any taxable year are 95% or more
of its gross income,  then 100% of the Fund's  dividends  (other than  dividends
properly designated as Capital Gain Dividends) will be eligible to be treated as
qualified dividend income. For this purpose,  the only gain included in the term
"gross income" is the excess of net  short-term  capital gain over net long-term
capital loss.                                                                   

Special tax rules apply to investments  through defined  contribution  plans and
other  tax-qualified  plans.  Shareholders  should  consult their tax adviser to
determine  the  suitability  of shares of a fund as an  investment  through such
plans  and  the  precise  effect  of and  investment  on  their  particular  tax
situation.                                                                      

All distributions by a Fund result in a reduction in the net asset value of that
Fund's  shares.  Should  a  distribution  reduce  the net  asset  value  below a
shareholder's cost basis, such distribution would nevertheless be taxable to the
shareholder as ordinary income or capital gain as described above,  even though,
from an investment standpoint, it may constitute a partial return of capital. In
particular,  investors  should be careful to consider  the tax  implications  of
buying  shares just prior to a  distribution.  The price of shares  purchased at
that time includes the amount of the forthcoming distribution.  Those purchasing
just prior to a  distribution  will receive a partial return of capital upon the
distribution, which will nevertheless be taxable to them.                       

Capital gains  distributions  may be reduced if Fund capital loss  carryforwards
are available.  Any capital loss  carryforwards  to which a Fund is entitled are
disclosed in such Fund's annual and semi-annual reports to shareholders.        

Dividends Received Deduction.  Dividends from domestic corporations may comprise
a substantial part of each Fund's gross income. If any such dividends constitute
a portion of a Fund's gross  income,  a portion of the income  distributions  of
such Fund may be  eligible  for the 70%  deduction  for  dividends  received  by
corporations. Shareholders will be informed of the portion of dividends which so
qualify. The dividends-received deduction is reduced to the extent the shares of
a Fund  with  respect  to which  the  dividends  are  received  are  treated  as
debt-financed  under  federal  income tax law and is  eliminated if either those
shares or the  shares of a Fund are  deemed to have been held by the Fund or the
shareholder,  as the case may be, for less than 46 days during the 91-day period
beginning 45 days before the shares become ex-dividend.                         

Transactions  in Fund Shares.  The sale,  exchange or  redemption of shares of a
Fund may give rise to a gain or loss. In general, any gain or loss realized upon
a taxable  disposition  of shares will be treated as  long-term  capital gain or
loss if the shares have been held for more than 12 months.  Otherwise,  the gain
or loss on the  taxable  disposition  of  shares of a Fund  will be  treated  as
short-term gain or loss.  However,  any loss realized upon a taxable disposition
of shares held for six months or less will be treated as long-term,  rather than
short-term,  to the extent of any long-term capital gain distributions  received
(or deemed  received) by the  shareholder  with respect to the shares.  All or a
portion of any loss realized upon a taxable disposition of shares of a Fund will
be disallowed if other  substantially  identical  shares of a Fund are purchased
within 30 days before or after the disposition. In such a case, the basis of the
newly purchased shares will be adjusted to reflect the disallowed loss.         

Foreign  Taxation.  Foreign  withholding  or other foreign taxes with respect to
income  (possibly  including,  in some cases,  capital gains) on certain foreign
securities may occur.  These taxes may be reduced or eliminated  under the terms
of an applicable US income tax treaty.                                          

So long as more than 50% of the value of the total assets of a Fund at the close
of the taxable year consists of securities in foreign corporations, the Fund may
make an election  under  Section 853 of the Code to enable the  shareholders  to
claim a credit or deduction (subject to limitations) on their federal income tax
returns  for their  pro rata  portion  of  qualified  taxes  paid by the Fund to
foreign   countries  (which  taxes  relate  primarily  to  investment   income).
Shareholders  will treat such  amounts  as part of their  distribution  from the
Fund.  The foreign tax credit  available to  shareholders  is subject to certain
limitations and restrictions imposed by the Code.                               

If a Fund does not make the election  permitted  under  section 853 of the Code,
any foreign  taxes paid or accrued  will  represent  an expense to the Fund that
will reduce its investment company taxable income. In such a case,  shareholders
will not be able to claim  either a credit  or a  deduction  for  their pro rata
portion of such taxes paid by                                                   

63

P-->497349th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 349th
the Fund,  nor will  shareholders  be  required  to treat as part of the amounts
distributed to them their pro rata portion of such taxes paid.                  

Foreign  Currency  Transactions.  A Fund's  transactions in foreign  currencies,
foreign-currency-denominated  debt  obligations  and  certain  foreign  currency
options,  futures contracts and forward contracts (and similar  instruments) may
give rise to ordinary  income or loss to the extent such income or loss  results
from fluctuations in the value of the foreign currency concerned.               

Passive Foreign  Investment  Companies.  Equity investments by a Fund in certain
"passive foreign investment  companies"  ("PFICs") could potentially subject the
Fund to a US federal income tax (including  interest  charges) on  distributions
received from the company or on proceeds received from the disposition of shares
in the company,  which tax cannot be eliminated by making  distributions to Fund
shareholders.  However, such Fund may elect to avoid the imposition of that tax.
For example, a Fund may elect to treat a PFIC as a "qualified  electing fund" (a
"QEF  election"),  in which case the Fund would be required to include its share
of the company's income and net capital gains annually, regardless of whether it
receives any distribution from the company.  Such Fund also may make an election
to mark the gains  (and to a limited  extent  losses) in such  holdings  "to the
market" as though it had sold and repurchased its holdings in those PFICs on the
last day of the Fund's  taxable  year.  Such  gains and  losses  are  treated as
ordinary  income and loss. The QEF and  mark-to-market  elections may accelerate
the  recognition of income (without the receipt of cash) and increase the amount
required to be distributed by a Fund to avoid  taxation.  Making either of these
elections  therefore  may  require  such  Fund to  liquidate  other  investments
(including  when  it is not  advantageous  to do so) to  meet  its  distribution
requirement,  which also may accelerate  the  recognition of gain and affect the
Fund's total return.  Dividends paid by PFICs will not be eligible to be treated
as "qualified dividend income."                                                 

Taxation of Certain  Investments.  A Fund's  investment in zero coupon bonds and
other debt  obligations  having  original  issue  discount may cause the Fund to
recognize  taxable income in excess of any cash received from the investment.  A
portion of the difference  between the issue price of zero coupon securities and
their face value  ('original  issue  discount")  is considered to be income to a
Fund each year,  even though the Fund will not receive  cash  interest  payments
from these securities. This original issue discount imputed income will comprise
a part  of the  investment  company  taxable  income  of a Fund,  which  must be
distributed to shareholders in order to maintain the  qualification  of the Fund
as a regulated  investment company and to avoid federal income tax at the Fund's
level.                                                                          

Some debt  obligations with a fixed maturity date of more than one year from the
date of issuance (and all  zero-coupon  debt  obligations  with a fixed maturity
date of more than one year from the date of  issuance)  that are  acquired  by a
Fund  will be  treated  as debt  obligations  that are  issued  originally  at a
discount.  Generally,  the  amount of the  original  issue  discount  ("OID") is
treated as interest income and is included in taxable income (and required to be
distributed)  over the term of the debt  security,  even though  payment of that
amount  is not  received  until a later  time,  usually  when the debt  security
matures. In addition,  payment-in-kind securities will give rise to income which
is  required to be  distributed  and is taxable  even though a Fund  holding the
security receives no interest payment in cash on the security during the year.  

Some debt  obligations with a fixed maturity date of more than one year from the
date of  issuance  that are  acquired by a Fund in the  secondary  market may be
treated  as  having  market  discount.  Generally,  any gain  recognized  on the
disposition  of, and any partial payment of principal on, a debt security having
market  discount  is treated  as  ordinary  income to the  extent  the gain,  or
principal  payment,  does not exceed the "accrued market  discount" on such debt
security. Market discount generally accrues in equal daily installments.  A Fund
may make one or more of the  elections  applicable  to debt  obligations  having
market  discount,  which could affect the character and timing of recognition of
income.                                                                         

In addition, if a Fund invests in high yield original issue discount obligations
issued by  corporations  (including  tax-exempt  obligations),  a portion of the
original  issue  discount  accruing on the  obligation may be treated as taxable
dividend income. In such event,  dividends of investment  company taxable income
received from a Fund by its  shareholders,  to the extent  attributable  to such
portion of accrued original issue discount, would be taxable. Any such dividends
received by a Fund's  corporate  shareholders  may be eligible for the deduction
for dividends received by corporations.                                         

64

P-->497350th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 350th
Any market discount recognized on a bond is taxable as ordinary income. A market
discount bond is a bond  acquired on the  secondary  market at a price below its
redemption  value (or its  adjusted  issue price if issued with  original  issue
discount).  Absent an election  to include  the market  discount in income as it
accrues,  gain on the  disposition  of such an  obligation  will be  treated  as
ordinary  income  (instead  of capital  gain) to the  extent of  accrued  market
discount.                                                                       

A Fund may invest to a significant  extent in debt  obligations  that are in the
lowest rating  categories or are unrated,  including debt obligations of issuers
not  currently  paying  interest  or who  are in  default.  Investments  in debt
obligations  that are at risk of or in default  present special tax issues for a
Fund.  Tax rules are not  entirely  clear  about  issues such as when a Fund may
cease to accrue interest,  original issue discount or market discount,  when and
to what extent deductions may be taken for bad debts or worthless securities and
how payments  received on  obligations  in default  should be allocated  between
principal and income. These and other related issues will be addressed by a Fund
when, as and if it invests in such  securities,  in order to seek to ensure that
it  distributes  sufficient  income  to  preserve  its  status  as  a  regulated
investment  company and does not become subject to U.S. federal income or excise
tax.                                                                            

If a Fund engages in hedging  transactions,  including  hedging  transactions in
options,  futures contracts,  and straddles,  or other similar transactions,  it
will  be  subject   to  special   tax  rules   (including   constructive   sale,
mark-to-market,  straddle, wash sale, and short sale rules), the effect of which
may be to  accelerate  income to the  Fund,  defer  losses  to the  Fund,  cause
adjustments in the holding periods of the Fund's  securities,  convert long-term
capital gains into short-term capital gains or convert short-term capital losses
into long-term  capital losses.  These rules could therefore  affect the amount,
timing and character of distributions  to shareholders.  Such Fund will endeavor
to make any  available  elections  pertaining to such  transactions  in a manner
believed to be in the best interests of the Fund.                               

Certain of a Fund's hedging activities may produce a difference between its book
income and the sum of its net  tax-exempt and taxable  income.  If a Fund's book
income exceeds its tax-exempt  income,  the distribution (if any) of such excess
will be treated as (i) a dividend to the extent of the Fund's remaining earnings
and profits  (including  earnings and profits arising from  tax-exempt  income),
(ii) thereafter as a return of capital to the extent of the recipient's basis in
the shares,  and (iii) thereafter as gain from the sale or exchange of a capital
asset.  If a Fund's book income is less than the sum of its net  tax-exempt  and
taxable income, such Fund could be required to make distributions exceeding book
income to qualify as a regulated investment company that is accorded special tax
treatment.                                                                      

In general,  excess  inclusion  income  allocated to shareholders  (i) cannot be
offset by net  operating  losses  (subject  to a limited  exception  for certain
thrift  institutions),  (ii) will constitute  unrelated  business taxable income
("UBTI")  to  entities  (including  a  qualified  pension  plan,  an  individual
retirement  account,  a 401(k)  plan, a Keogh plan or other  tax-exempt  entity)
subject to tax on unrelated business income,  thereby potentially requiring such
an entity that is allocated excess inclusion income,  and otherwise might not be
required to file a tax return,  to file a tax return and pay tax on such income,
and  (iii) in the case of a  non-U.S.  shareholder,  will  not  qualify  for any
reduction in U.S. federal  withholding tax (discussed  below). Any investment in
residual  interests of a Collateralized  Mortgage  Obligation (a "CMO") that has
elected to be treated as a REMIC  likewise  can  create  complex  tax  problems,
especially  if a Fund  has  state  or  local  governments  or  other  tax-exempt
organizations as shareholders.  A tax-exempt  shareholder will recognize UBTI by
virtue  of  its  investment  in  a  Fund  if  shares  in  the  Fund   constitute
debt-financed  property in the hands of the  tax-exempt  shareholder  within the
meaning of Code  Section  514(b).  Furthermore,  a  tax-exempt  shareholder  may
recognize  UBTI if a Fund  recognizes  "excess  inclusion  income"  derived from
direct or indirect investments in REMIC residual interests or TMPs if the amount
of such income  recognized  by the Fund  exceeds the Fund's  investment  company
taxable  income (after taking into account  deductions for dividends paid by the
Fund).                                                                          

Under  legislation  enacted in December  2006, if a charitable  remainder  trust
(defined in section 664 of the Code)  realizes any  unrelated  business  taxable
income for a taxable year, it must pay an excise tax annually of an amount equal
to such UBTI. Under IRS guidance issued in November 2006, a charitable remainder
trust will not  recognize  UBTI solely as a result of  investing  in a fund that
recognizes  "excess inclusion income." Rather, if at any time during any taxable
year  a  charitable   remainder  trust  (or  one  of  certain  other  tax-exempt
shareholders, such as the United States, a state or political subdivision, or an
agency or instrumentality  thereof, and certain energy                          

65

P-->497351st Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 351st
cooperatives)  is a record holder of a share in a fund that  recognizes  "excess
inclusion  income," then the fund will be subject to a tax equal to that portion
of its "excess  inclusion income" for the taxable year that is allocable to such
shareholders,  multiplied  by the  highest  federal  income tax rate  imposed on
corporations.  The extent to which this IRS guidance remains applicable in light
of the December 2006  legislation is unclear.  To the extent permitted under the
1940 Act, a Fund may elect to specially  allocate any such tax to the applicable
charitable  remainder  trust,  or  other  shareholder,   and  thus  reduce  such
shareholder's  distributions  for the year by the amount of the tax that relates
to such  shareholder's  interest in the Fund.  The Funds have not yet determined
whether such an election will be made.                                          

Special rules apply to distributions to foreign shareholders from a Fund that is
either a "U.S.  real  property  holding  corporation"  ("USRPHC")  or would be a
USRPHC but for the operation of certain  exceptions to the  definition  thereof.
Additionally,  special  rules  apply to the sale of  shares  in a Fund that is a
USRPHC. Very generally,  a USRPHC is a domestic corporation that holds U.S. real
property interests  ("USRPIs") -- defined very generally in turn as any interest
in U.S. real property or any equity  interest in a USRPHC - when the fair market
value of a  corporations  USRPIs  equals or  exceeds  50% of the sum of the fair
market values of the  corporation's  USRPIs,  interests in real property located
outside the United States and other assets combined. A Fund that holds (directly
or indirectly) significant interests in REITs may be a USRPHC. The special rules
discussed  below  will also apply to  distributions  from a Fund that would be a
USRPHC absent  exclusions from USRPI treatment for (1) interests in domestically
controlled  REITs  and (2)  not-greater-than-5%  interests  in  publicly  traded
classes of stock in REITs.                                                      

In the  case of  Funds  that  would  be  USRPHCs  but  for  the  above-mentioned
exceptions  from the definition of USRPIs,  amounts the Fund receives from REITs
derived from gains realized from USRPIs will retain their character as USRPIs in
the hands of the Fund's foreign  shareholders (as will any direct USRPI gain the
Fund recognizes).  In the hands of a foreign shareholder that holds (or has held
in the prior  year) more than a 5% interest in the Fund,  such  amounts  will be
treated as gains  "effectively  connected" with the conduct of a "U.S.  trade or
business" subject to tax at graduated rates. Moreover, such shareholders will be
required  to file a U.S.  income  tax  return  for the year in which the gain is
recognized  and the Fund will be required to withhold  35% of the amount of such
distribution.  In the case of all other foreign shareholders (i.e., those with a
5%-or-smaller  interest in the Fund), the USRPI  distribution will be treated as
ordinary   income   (regardless  of  any  designation  by  the  Fund  that  such
distribution  is a Capital  Gain  Dividend),  and the Fund will be  required  to
withhold  30%  (or a  lower  applicable  treaty  rate)  of  the  amount  of  the
distribution  paid to such foreign  shareholder.  Foreign  shareholders  of such
funds are also  subject to "wash  sale" rules to prevent  the  avoidance  of the
tax-filing and -payment  obligations  discussed in the above paragraphs  through
the sale and repurchase of Fund shares.                                         

In addition, a Fund that is a USRPHC must withhold 10% of the amount realized in
a redemption by a greater-than-5% foreign shareholder, and that shareholder must
file a U.S.  income tax return for the year of the  disposition of the USRPI and
pay any additional tax due on the gain. Prior to January 1, 2008, no withholding
generally is required  with respect to amounts paid in redemption of shares of a
Fund that is a USRPHC  and is also  domestically  controlled.  As of the date of
this filing, it is not clear that this exception will be extended by Congress.  

Backup  Withholding.  Under  the  backup  withholding  provisions  of the  Code,
redemption  proceeds as well as  distributions  may be subject to federal income
tax withholding for certain shareholders,  including those who fail to furnish a
Fund with their taxpayer  identification  numbers and certifications as to their
tax status.                                                                     

Non-US  Shareholders.  Capital Gain Dividends will not be subject to withholding
of federal income tax. In general, dividends (other than Capital Gain Dividends)
paid by each Fund to a shareholder  that is not a "US person" within the meaning
of the Code (such shareholder, a "foreign person") are subject to withholding of
US federal income tax at a rate of 30% (or lower applicable treaty rate) even if
they are  funded by  income or gains  (such as  portfolio  interest,  short-term
capital gains, or foreign-source  dividend and interest income) that, if paid to
a  foreign  person  directly,  would not be  subject  to  withholding.  However,
effective for taxable years of a Fund  beginning  before  January 1, 2008,  each
Fund  will  not be  required  to  withhold  any  amounts  (i)  with  respect  to
distributions  (other than  distributions  to a foreign  person (w) that has not
provided a satisfactory  statement that the beneficial owner is not a US person,
(x) to the extent that the dividend is  attributable  to certain  interest on an
obligation if the foreign  person is the issuer or is a 10%  shareholder  of the
issuer,  (y) that is within  certain  foreign  countries  that  have  inadequate
information  exchange with the United States,  or (z) to the extent the dividend
is  attributable  to interest  paid by a                                        

66

P-->497352nd Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 352nd
person that is a related  person of the foreign person and the foreign person is
a controlled  foreign  corporation)  from  US-source  interest  income that,  in
general,  would not be subject to US federal income tax if earned directly by an
individual  foreign  person,  to the  extent  such  distributions  are  properly
designated  by each Fund,  and (ii) with  respect to  distributions  (other than
distributions  to an  individual  foreign  person  who is  present in the United
States for a period or periods  aggregating  183 days or more during the year of
the  distribution)  of net  short-term  capital gains in excess of net long-term
capital losses, to the extent such distributions are properly  designated by the
Fund.  Depending on the  circumstances,  a Fund may make such  designations with
respect to all, some or none of its potentially  eligible dividends and/or treat
such  dividends,  in whole or in part, as  ineligible  for this  exemption  from
withholding.  In order to qualify for this exemption from withholding, a foreign
person will need to comply with applicable  certification  requirements relating
to its non-US status  (including,  in general,  furnishing an IRS Form W-8BEN or
substitute  Form).  In the case of shares  held  through  an  intermediary,  the
intermediary may withhold even if the Fund makes a designation with respect to a
payment. Foreign persons should contact their intermediaries with respect to the
application of these rules to their accounts.                                   

If a  beneficial  holder who is a foreign  person has a trade or business in the
United States,  and the dividends are effectively  connected with the conduct by
the beneficial holder of a trade or business in the United States,  the dividend
will be subject to US federal net income taxation at regular income tax rates.  

Tax Shelter Reporting Regulations.  Under Treasury regulations, if a shareholder
recognizes a loss with  respect to a Fund's  shares of $2 million or more for an
individual shareholder or $10 million or more for a corporate  shareholder,  the
shareholder must file with the Internal  Revenue Service a disclosure  statement
on Form 8886.  Direct  shareholders  of portfolio  securities  are in many cases
excepted  from  this  reporting   requirement,   but  under  current   guidance,
shareholders of a regulated investment company are not excepted. Future guidance
may extend the current exception from this reporting requirement to shareholders
of  most  or all  regulated  investment  companies.  The  fact  that  a loss  is
reportable under these  regulations  does not affect the legal  determination of
whether the  taxpayer's  treatment  of the loss is proper.  Shareholders  should
consult their tax advisors to determine the  applicability of these  regulations
in light of their individual circumstances.                                     

Other Tax Considerations.  Shareholders of each Fund may be subject to state and
local taxes on  distributions  received from the Fund and on  redemptions of the
Fund's shares.                                                                  

Investors  are advised to consult  their own tax advisors  with respect to their
own circumstances  regarding the above-referenced  federal income taxation rules
and with respect to other federal,  state,  local or foreign tax consequences to
them of an investment in shares of a Fund.                                      

 NET ASSET VALUE

The net  asset  value of  shares  of each  Fund is  computed  as of the close of
regular trading on the New York Stock Exchange (the  "Exchange") on each day the
Exchange is open for trading (the "Value Time"). The Exchange is scheduled to be
closed on the following  holidays:  New Year's Day, Dr. Martin Luther King,  Jr.
Day,  Presidents' Day, Good Friday,  Memorial Day,  Independence Day, Labor Day,
Thanksgiving and Christmas,  and on a preceding Friday or subsequent Monday when
one of these  holidays  falls on a Saturday or Sunday,  respectively.  Net asset
value per share is  determined  separately  for each class of shares by dividing
the  value of the  total  assets of a Fund  attributable  to the  shares of that
class,  less all liabilities  attributable to that class, by the total number of
shares of that class outstanding. The per share net asset value may be lower for
certain classes of a Fund because of higher expenses borne by these classes.    

An equity  security is valued at its most  recent  sale price on the  security's
primary  exchange  or  over-the-counter  ("OTC")  market as of the  Value  Time.
Lacking any sales,  the  security is valued at the  calculated  mean between the
most recent bid quotation and the most recent asked  quotation (the  "Calculated
Mean")  on such  exchange  or OTC  market  as of the  Value  Time.  If it is not
possible to determine the  Calculated  Mean,  the security is valued at the most
recent bid quotation on such exchange or OTC market as of the Value Time. In the
case of certain foreign exchanges or OTC markets,  the closing price reported by
the exchange or OTC market  (which may sometimes be referred to as the "official
close" or the "official closing price" or other similar term) will be considered
the most recent sale price.                                                     

67

P-->497353rd Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 353rd
If a security is traded on more than one exchange, or upon one or more exchanges
and in the OTC  market,  quotations  are  taken  from the  market  in which  the
security is traded most extensively.                                            

Debt securities are valued as follows.  Money market instruments  purchased with
an  original or  remaining  maturity  of 60 days or less,  maturing at par,  are
valued at amortized  cost.  Other money market  instruments  are valued based on
information  obtained from an approved  pricing agent or, if such information is
not readily  available,  by using  matrix  pricing  techniques  (formula  driven
calculations based primarily on current market yields). Bank loans are valued at
prices supplied by an approved  pricing agent (which are intended to reflect the
mean between the bid and asked prices), if available,  and otherwise at the mean
of the most recent bid and asked quotations or evaluated  prices, as applicable,
based  on   quotations   or  evaluated   prices   obtained   from  one  or  more
broker-dealers.  Privately  placed  debt  securities,  other than Rule 144A debt
securities,  initially are valued at cost and  thereafter  based on all relevant
factors  including  type  of  security,  size of  holding  and  restrictions  on
disposition.  Municipal  debt  securities  are valued at prices  supplied  by an
approved  pricing  agent (which are intended to reflect the mean between the bid
and asked  prices),  if available,  and otherwise at the mean of the most recent
bid and asked quotations or evaluated price obtained from a broker-dealer. Other
debt securities not addressed above are valued at prices supplied by an approved
pricing agent,  if available,  and otherwise at the most recent bid quotation or
evaluated price, as applicable, obtained from one or more broker-dealers.  If it
is not  possible  to value a  particular  debt  security  pursuant  to the above
methods,  the  security  is valued on the basis of  factors  including  (but not
limited to) maturity, coupon,  creditworthiness,  currency denomination, and the
movement of the market in which the security is normally traded.                

An exchange-traded option contract on securities, currencies and other financial
instruments  is  valued  at its most  recent  sale  price  on such the  relevant
exchange.  Lacking any sales,  the option  contract is valued at the  Calculated
Mean.  If it is not  possible  to  determine  the  Calculated  Mean,  the option
contract is valued at the most recent bid  quotation  in the case of a purchased
option  contract or the most  recent  asked  quotation  in the case of a written
option  contract,  in each case as of the Value  Time.  An  option  contract  on
securities,  currencies and other financial instruments traded in the OTC market
is valued on the Value Date at the evaluated price provided by the broker-dealer
with which it was traded.  Futures contracts (and options thereon) are valued at
the most recent  settlement  price,  if  available,  on the  security's  primary
exchange on which they are traded most extensively.  With the exception of stock
index futures contracts which trade on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange,  closing
settlement  times  are  prior to the  close  of  trading  on the New York  Stock
Exchange.  For  stock  index  futures  contracts  which  trade  on  the  Chicago
Mercantile  Exchange,  closing  settlement  prices  are  normally  available  at
approximately  4:20 pm Eastern time. If no  settlement  price is available,  the
last traded price on such  exchange will be used.  Following  the  valuations of
securities  or other  portfolio  assets  in terms of the  currency  in which the
market  quotation  used is  expressed  ("Local  Currency"),  the  value of these
portfolio  assets in terms of US dollars is calculated  by converting  the Local
Currency  into  US  dollars  at the  prevailing  currency  exchange  rate on the
valuation date.                                                                 

If market  quotations  for a portfolio  asset are not readily  available  or the
value of a portfolio  asset as  determined  in  accordance  with Board  approved
procedures does not represent the fair market value of the portfolio  asset, the
value of the portfolio asset is taken to be an amount which, in the opinion of a
Fund's Pricing Committee (or, in some cases, the Board's  Valuation  Committee),
represents fair market value.  The value of other portfolio  holdings owned by a
Fund is  determined  in a manner  which is intended  to fairly  reflect the fair
market value of the asset on the valuation date,  based on valuation  procedures
adopted  by the  Fund's  Board and  overseen  primarily  by the  Fund's  Pricing
Committee.                                                                      

DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS

The following table presents certain information  regarding the Board Members of
each Corporation.  Each Board Member's year of birth is set forth in parentheses
after his or her name. Unless otherwise noted, (i) each Board Member has engaged
in the principal  occupation(s)  noted in the table for at least the most recent
five years, although not necessarily in the same capacity,  and (ii) the address
of each Board Member that is not an "interested  person" (as defined in the 1940
Act) of each  Corporation or the Advisor (each, an "Independent  Board Member"),
is c/o Dawn-Marie  Driscoll,  PO Box 100176,  Cape Coral, FL 33904.  The term of
office  for each  Board  Member is until the  election  and  qualification  of a
successor,  or until such Board Member  sooner dies,  resigns,  is removed or as
otherwise provided in the governing  documents of each Corporation.  Because the
Fund does not hold an annual                                                    

68

P-->497354th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 354th
meeting of shareholders, each Board Member will hold office for an indeterminate
period.  The Board Members may also serve in similar capacities with other funds
in the DWS fund complex.                                                        

Independent Board Members                                                       

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Name, Year of Birth,                                                                                               
 Position with each                                                                               Number of Funds   
 Corporation and Length    Business Experience and                                                in DWS Fund       
 of Time Served            Directorships During the Past 5 Years                                  Complex Overseen  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                                                    
Dawn-Marie Driscoll (1946) President, Driscoll Associates (consulting firm); Executive Fellow,            76        
Chairperson since 2004     Center for Business Ethics, Bentley College; formerly, Partner,                          
Board Member since         Palmer & Dodge (1988-1990); Vice President of Corporate Affairs and                      
1987                       General Counsel, Filene's (1978-1988). Directorships: Trustee of 8                       
                           open-end mutual funds managed by Sun Capital Advisers, Inc. (since                       
                           2007); Director of ICI Mutual Insurance Company (since 2007);                            
                           Advisory Board, Center for Business Ethics, Bentley College; Trustee,                    
                           Southwest Florida Community Foundation (charitable organization);                        
                           Former Directorships: Investment Company Institute (audit, executive,                    
                           nominating committees) and Independent Directors Council (governance,                    
                           executive committees)                                                                    
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Henry P. Becton, Jr.      Vice Chair, WGBH Educational Foundation. Directorships: Association            76        
 (1943)                    of Public Television Stations; Becton Dickinson and Company(1)                           
 Board Member since        (medical technology company); Belo Corporation(1) (media company);                       
 1990                      Boston Museum of Science; Public Radio International. Former                             
                           Directorships: American Public Television; Concord Academy; New                          
                           England Aquarium; Mass. Corporation for Educational                                      
                           Telecommunications; Committee for Economic Development; Public                           
                           Broadcasting Service                                                                     
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Keith R. Fox (1954)        Managing General Partner, Exeter Capital Partners (a series of                 76        
Board Member since         private equity funds). Directorships: Progressive Holding Corporation                    
1996                       (kitchen goods importer and distributor); Natural History, Inc.                          
                           (magazine publisher); Box Top Media Inc. (advertising); The Kennel                       
                           Shop (retailer)                                                                          
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Kenneth C. Froewiss        Clinical Professor of Finance, NYU Stern School of Business                    76        
(1945)                     (1997-present); Member, Finance Committee, Association for Asian                         
Board Member since         Studies (2002-present); Director, Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Group                        
2005                       (US) (2004-present); prior thereto, Managing Director, J.P. Morgan                       
                           (investment banking firm) (until 1996)                                                   
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Martin J. Gruber           Nomura Professor of Finance, Leonard N. Stern School of Business, New          76        
(1937)                     York University (since September 1965); Director, Japan Equity Fund,                     
Board Member since         Inc. (since January 1992), Thai Capital Fund, Inc. (since January                        
2006                       2000), Singapore Fund, Inc. (since January 2000), National Bureau of                     
                           Economic Research (since January 2006). Formerly, Trustee, TIAA                          
                           (pension funds) (January 1996-January 2000); Trustee, CREF and CREF                      
                           Mutual Funds (January 2000-March 2005); Chairman, CREF and CREF                          
                           Mutual Funds (February 2004-March 2005); and Director, S.G. Cowen                        
                           Mutual Funds (January 1985-January 2001)                                                 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                       69                                                                           

P-->497355th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 355th
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Name, Year of Birth,                                                                                               
 Position with each                                                                               Number of Funds   
 Corporation and Length    Business Experience and                                                in DWS Fund       
 of Time Served            Directorships During the Past 5 Years                                  Complex Overseen  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Richard J. Herring         Jacob Safra Professor of International Banking and Professor, Finance          76        
(1946)                     Department, The Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania (since                        
Board Member since         July 1972); Co-Director, Wharton Financial Institutions Center (since                    
2006                       July 2000); Director, Japan Equity Fund, Inc. (since September 2007),                    
                           Thai Capital Fund, Inc. (since September 2007), Singapore Fund, Inc.                     
                           (since September 2007). Formerly, Vice Dean and Director, Wharton                        
                           Undergraduate Division (July 1995-June 2000); Director, Lauder                           
                           Institute of International Management Studies (July 2000-June 2006)                      
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Graham E. Jones            Senior Vice President, BGK Realty, Inc. (commercial real estate)               76        
(1933)                     (since 1995). Formerly, Trustee of various investment companies                          
Board Member since         managed by Sun Capital Advisors, Inc. (1998-2005), Morgan Stanley                        
2006                       Asset Management (1985-2001) and Weiss, Peck and Greer (1985-2005)                       
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Rebecca W. Rimel           President and Chief Executive Officer, The Pew Charitable Trusts               76        
(1951)                     (charitable organization) (1994 to present); Trustee, Thomas                             
Board Member since         Jefferson Foundation (charitable organization) (1994 to present);                        
2006                       Trustee, Executive Committee, Philadelphia Chamber of Commerce (2001                     
                           to present). Formerly, Executive Vice President, The Glenmede Trust                      
                           Company (investment trust and wealth management) (1983 to 2004);                         
                           Board Member, Investor Education (charitable organization)                               
                           (2004-2005); Director, Viasys Health Care(1) (January 2007-June 2007)                    
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Philip Saunders, Jr.       Principal, Philip Saunders Associates (economic and financial                  74        
(1935)                     consulting) (since November 1988).  Formerly, Director, Financial                        
Board Member since         Industry Consulting, Wolf & Company (consulting) (1987-1988);                            
2006                       President, John Hancock Home Mortgage Corporation (1984-1986); Senior                    
                           Vice President of Treasury and Financial Services, John Hancock                          
                           Mutual Life Insurance Company, Inc. (1982-1986)                                          
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
William N. Searcy, Jr.     Private investor since October 2003; Trustee of 8 open-end mutual              76        
(1946)                     funds managed by Sun Capital Advisers, Inc. (since October 1998).                        
Board Member since         Formerly, Pension & Savings Trust Officer, Sprint Corporation(1)                         
2006                       (telecommunications) (November 1989-September 2003)                                      
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Jean Gleason Stromberg     Retired. Formerly, Consultant (1997-2001); Director, US Government             76        
(1943)                     Accountability Office (1996-1997); Partner, Fulbright & Jaworski,                        
Board Member since         L.L.P. (law firm) (1978-1996). Directorships: The William and Flora                      
1997                       Hewlett Foundation; Service Source, Inc. Former Directorships: Mutual                    
                           Fund Directors Forum (2002-2004), American Bar Retirement Association                    
                           (funding vehicle for retirement plans) (1987-1990 and 1994-1996)                         
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Carl W. Vogt               Retired Senior Partner, Fulbright & Jaworski, L.L.P. (law firm);               74        
(1936)                     formerly, President (interim) of Williams College (1999-2000);                           
Board Member since         formerly, President of certain funds in the Deutsche Asset Management                    
2002                       family of funds (formerly, Flag Investors family of funds)                               
                           (registered investment companies) (1999-2000). Directorships: Yellow                     
                           Corporation (trucking); American Science & Engineering (x-ray                            
                           detection equipment). Former Directorships: ISI Family of Funds                          
                           (registered investment companies, 4 funds overseen); National                            
                           Railroad Passenger Corporation (Amtrak) Waste Management, Inc. (solid                    
                           waste disposal); formerly, Chairman and Member, National                                 
                           Transportation Safety Board                                                              
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                       70                                                                           

P-->497356th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 356th
Interested Board Member                                                                                             

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Name, Year of Birth,                                                                                               
 Position with each                                                                               Number of Funds   
 Corporation and Length    Business Experience and                                                in DWS Fund       
 of Time Served            Directorships During the Past 5 Years                                  Complex Overseen  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Axel Schwarzer(2)         Managing Director(4), Deutsche Asset Management; Head of Deutsche              82        
 (1958)                    Asset Management Americas; CEO of DWS Scudder; formerly board member                     
 Board Member since        of DWS Investments, Germany (1999-2005); formerly, Head of Sales and                     
 2006                      Product Management for the Retail and Private Banking Division of                        
                           Deutsche Bank in Germany (1997-1999); formerly, various strategic and                    
                           operational positions for Deutsche Bank Germany Retail and Private                       
                           Banking Division in the field of investment funds, tax driven                            
                           instruments and asset management for corporates (1989-1996)                              
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Officers(3)                                                                                                         

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Name, Year of Birth,                                                                                               
 Position with each                                                                                                 
 Corporation and Length     Business Experience and                                                                 
 of Time Served             Directorships During the Past 5 Years                                                   
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Michael G. Clark(5)        Managing Director(4), Deutsche Asset Management (2006-present); President of DWS        
 (1965)                     family of funds; Director, ICI Mutual Insurance Company (since October 2007);           
 President, 2006-present    formerly, Director of Fund Board Relations (2004-2006) and Director of Product          
                            Development (2000-2004), Merrill Lynch Investment Managers; Senior Vice President       
                            Operations, Merrill Lynch Asset Management (1999-2000)                                  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 John Millette(6) (1962)    Director(4), Deutsche Asset Management                                                  
 Vice President and                                                                                                 
 Secretary, 1999-present                                                                                            
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Paul H. Schubert(5)        Managing Director(4), Deutsche Asset Management (since July 2004); formerly,            
 (1963)                     Executive Director, Head of Mutual Fund Services and Treasurer for UBS Family of        
 Chief Financial Officer,   Funds (1998-2004); Vice President and Director of Mutual Fund Finance at UBS Global     
 2004-present               Asset Management (1994-1998)                                                            
 Treasurer, 2005-present                                                                                            
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Patricia DeFilippis(5)     Vice President, Deutsche Asset Management (since June 2005); Counsel, New York Life     
 (1963)                     Investment Management LLC (2003-2005); legal associate, Lord, Abbett & Co. LLC          
 Assistant Secretary,       (1998-2003)                                                                             
 2005-present                                                                                                       
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Elisa D. Metzger(5)        Director(4), Deutsche Asset Management (since September 2005); Counsel, Morrison and    
 (1962)                     Foerster LLP (1999-2005)                                                                
 Assistant Secretary,                                                                                               
 2005-present                                                                                                       
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Caroline Pearson(6)        Managing Director(4), Deutsche Asset Management                                         
 (1962)                                                                                                             
 Assistant Secretary,                                                                                               
 1997-present                                                                                                       
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Paul Antosca(6)            Director(4), Deutsche Asset Management (since 2006); Vice President, The                
 (1957)                     Manufacturers Life Insurance Company (U.S.A.) (1990-2006)                               
 Assistant Treasurer,                                                                                               
 2007-present                                                                                                       
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                       71                                                                           

P-->497357th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 357th
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Name, Year of Birth,                                                                                               
 Position with each                                                                                                 
 Corporation and Length     Business Experience and                                                                 
 of Time Served             Directorships During the Past 5 Years                                                   
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Kathleen Sullivan          Director(4), Deutsche Asset Management                                                  
 D'Eramo(6)                                                                                                         
 (1957)                                                                                                             
 Assistant Treasurer,                                                                                               
 2003-present                                                                                                       
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Jason Vazquez(5) (1972)    Vice President, Deutsche Asset Management (since 2006); formerly, AML Operations        
 Anti-Money Laundering      Manager for Bear Stearns (2004-2006), Supervising Compliance Principal and Operations   
 Compliance Officer,        Manager for AXA Financial (1999-2004)                                                   
 2007-present                                                                                                       
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Robert Kloby(5) (1962)     Managing Director(4), Deutsche Asset Management (2004-present); formerly, Chief         
 Chief Compliance           Compliance Officer/Chief Risk Officer, Robeco USA (2000-2004); Vice President, The      
 Officer, 2006-present      Prudential Insurance Company of America (1988-2000); E.F. Hutton and Company            
                            (1984-1988)                                                                             
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 J. Christopher Jackson(5)  Director(4), Deutsche Asset Management (2006-present); formerly, Director, Senior       
 (1951)                     Vice President, General Counsel, and Assistant Secretary, Hansberger Global             
 Chief Legal Officer,       Investors, Inc. (1996-2006); Director, National Society of Compliance Professionals     
 2006-present               (2002-2005) (2006-2009)                                                                 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

(1)      A publicly held company with securities  registered pursuant to Section
12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.                    

(2)      The  mailing  address  of Axel  Schwarzer  is c/o  Deutsche  Investment
         Management  Americas Inc.,  345 Park Avenue,  New York, New York 10154.
         Mr.  Schwarzer is an interested Board Member by virtue of his positions
         with Deutsche Asset Management.  As an interested person, Mr. Schwarzer
receives no compensation from the Funds.                      

(3)      As a result of their respective positions held with the Advisor,  these
         individuals are considered  "interested  persons" of the Advisor within
         the meaning of the 1940 Act. Interested persons receive no compensation
from the Funds.                                               

(4)      Executive title, not a board directorship.                             

(5)      Address:  345 Park Avenue, New York, New York 10154.                   

(6)      Address: Two International Place, Boston, Massachusetts 02110.         

Each Officer also holds  similar  positions for other  investment  companies for
which DIMA or an affiliate serves as the advisor.                               

Officer's Role with Principal Underwriter:  DWS Scudder Distributors, Inc.      

Paul H. Schubert:                         Vice President                      
Caroline Pearson:                         Secretary                           

Information Concerning Committees and Meetings of Board Members                 

The Board of the  Corporation  met ten (10) times during the calendar year ended
December 31, 2006 and each Board Member attended at least 80% of the meetings of
the Board and meetings of the committees of the Board on which such Board Member
served.                                                                         

72

P-->497358th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 358th
Board  Committees.  Ms.  Driscoll  has served as Chair of the Board of the Funds
since June 2004.                                                                

The Board has established the following  standing  committees:  Audit Committee,
Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee, Valuation Committee, Equity Oversight
Committee, Fixed Income Oversight Committee,  Marketing/Distribution/Shareholder
Service Committee,  Legal/Regulatory/Compliance Committee and Expense/Operations
Committee.                                                                      

The Audit  Committee  assists the Board in  fulfilling  its  responsibility  for
oversight of the quality and integrity of the accounting, auditing and financial
reporting  practices  of the  applicable  Fund.  It also  makes  recommendations
regarding the selection of an independent  registered public accounting firm for
a Fund,  reviews the  independence of such firm,  reviews the scope of audit and
internal  controls,  considers and reports to the Board on matters relating to a
Fund's  accounting and financial  reporting  practices,  and performs such other
tasks as the full Board deems  necessary  or  appropriate.  The Audit  Committee
receives  annual   representations   from  the  independent   registered  public
accounting firm as to its  independence.  The members of the Audit Committee are
Keith R. Fox (Chair and Audit Committee Financial Expert),  Kenneth C. Froewiss,
Richard J. Herring,  Graham E. Jones,  Philip Saunders,  Jr., William N. Searcy,
Jr. and Jean  Gleason  Stromberg.  The Audit  Committee  held eight (8) meetings
during the calendar year 2006.                                                  

The  Nominating/Corporate  Governance  Committee  (i)  recommends  to the  Board
candidates  to serve as Board  Members and (ii)  oversees  and, as  appropriate,
makes  recommendations  to the Board  regarding  other  fund  governance-related
matters,  including but not limited to Board compensation practices,  retirement
policies,  self-evaluations  of effectiveness,  review of possible  conflicts of
interest  and  independence  issues  involving  Board  Members,  allocations  of
assignments  and  functions  of  committees  of the Board,  and share  ownership
policies. The members of the Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee are Henry
P.  Becton,  Jr.  (Chair),  Graham E. Jones,  Rebecca W. Rimel and Jean  Gleason
Stromberg.  The  Nominating/Corporate  Governance Committee (previously known as
the  Committee on  Independent  Directors)  held three (3)  meetings  during the
calendar year 2006.                                                             

The Valuation  Committee  oversees Fund  valuation  matters,  reviews  valuation
procedures  adopted  by the  Board,  determines  the fair  value  of the  Fund's
securities as needed in accordance  with the valuation  procedures  and performs
such other tasks as the full Board deems necessary or  appropriate.  The members
of the Valuation  Committee  are Keith R. Fox,  Kenneth C.  Froewiss,  Martin J.
Gruber,  Richard J. Herring and Philip Saunders,  Jr. (Chair).  On behalf of DWS
Global  Thematic Fund, the Valuation  Committee held twelve  meetings during the
calendar year 2006. On behalf of DWS International Fund, the Valuation Committee
held 6 meetings during the calendar year 2006.                                  

The Board has established two Investment Oversight  Committees,  one focusing on
Funds  primarily   investing  in  equity   securities  (the  "Equity   Oversight
Committee")  and one  focusing  on Funds  primarily  investing  in fixed  income
securities  (the "Fixed Income  Oversight  Committee").  These  Committees  meet
regularly with Fund portfolio managers and other investment  personnel to review
the relevant  Funds'  investment  strategies  and  investment  performance.  The
members of the Equity  Oversight  Committee are Henry P. Becton,  Jr., Martin J.
Gruber (Chair),  Richard J. Herring,  Rebecca W. Rimel, Philip Saunders, Jr. and
Carl W. Vogt. The members of the Fixed Income Oversight Committee are Dawn-Marie
Driscoll, Keith R. Fox, Kenneth C. Froewiss, Graham E. Jones, William N. Searcy,
Jr. (Chair) and Jean Gleason Stromberg. Each Investment Oversight Committee held
six (6) meetings during the calendar year 2006.                                 

The  Marketing/Distribution/Shareholder   Service  Committee  oversees  (i)  the
quality, costs and types of shareholder services provided to the Funds and their
shareholders,  and (ii) the distribution-related  services provided to the Funds
and their  shareholders.  The members of the  Marketing/Distribution/Shareholder
Service Committee are Martin J. Gruber,  Richard J. Herring (Chair),  Rebecca W.
Rimel,     Jean     Gleason     Stromberg     and    Carl    W.    Vogt.     The
Marketing/Distribution/Shareholder  Service  Committee  held  six  (6)  meetings
during the calendar year 2006.                                                  

The  Legal/Regulatory/Compliance  Committee  oversees (i) the significant  legal
affairs of the Funds, including the handling of pending or threatened litigation
or  regulatory  action  involving  the Funds,  (ii) general  compliance  matters
relating   to  the  Funds  and  (iii)   proxy   voting.   The   members  of  the
Legal/Regulatory/Compliance  Committee  are  Henry P.  Becton,  Jr.,  Dawn-Marie
Driscoll,  Rebecca W. Rimel,  William N. Searcy, Jr., Jean Gleason Stromberg and

73

P-->497359th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 359th
Carl W. Vogt (Chair).  The  Legal/Regulatory/Compliance  Committee  held six (6)
meetings during the calendar year 2006.                                         

The Expense/Operations Committee (i) monitors the Fund's total operating expense
levels,  (ii)  oversees the  provision of  administrative  services to the Fund,
including the Fund's custody,  fund accounting and insurance  arrangements,  and
(iii) reviews the Fund's investment advisers' brokerage practices, including the
implementation  of  related  policies.  The  members  of the  Expense/Operations
Committee are Henry P. Becton, Jr., Dawn-Marie  Driscoll,  Keith R. Fox, Kenneth
C.  Froewiss,  Graham E. Jones  (Chair),  Philip  Saunders,  Jr. and  William N.
Searcy,  Jr. This  committee  held seven (7) meetings  during the calendar  year
2006.                                                                           

Ad Hoc Committees.  In addition to the standing committees described above, from
time to time the Board also forms ad hoc committees to consider specific issues.
In 2006,  various ad hoc  committees of the Board held an  additional  seven (7)
meetings.                                                                       

Remuneration.  Each Independent Board Member receives compensation from the Fund
for his or her services, which includes an annual retainer and an attendance fee
for each meeting attended. No additional compensation is paid to any Independent
Board Member for travel time to meetings,  attendance at directors'  educational
seminars  or  conferences,   service  on  industry  or  association  committees,
participation  as speakers at directors'  conferences or service on special fund
industry director task forces or subcommittees. Independent Board Members do not
receive any employee  benefits such as pension or retirement  benefits or health
insurance from the Fund or any fund in the DWS fund complex.                    

Members of the Board who are officers,  directors,  employees or stockholders of
Deutsche Asset Management or its affiliates receive no direct  compensation from
a Fund, although they are compensated as employees of Deutsche Asset Management,
or its affiliates,  and as a result may be deemed to participate in fees paid by
the Funds.  The following tables show  compensation  from the Fund and aggregate
compensation  from all of the  funds in the DWS fund  complex  received  by each
Board Member during the calendar year 2006. Mr. Schwarzer became a member of the
Board on May 5,  2006,  is an  interested  person of the Funds and  received  no
compensation  from the  Funds or any fund in the DWS  fund  complex  during  the
relevant periods.                                                               

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]


                               Aggregate Compensation                                Total Compensation 
                              from DWS Global Thematic    Aggregate Compensation       from Fund and    
Name of Board Member                    Fund            from DWS International Fund  DWS Fund Complex(1)
--------------------                    ----            ---------------------------  -------------------

                                                                                                        
Henry P. Becton, Jr.(3)                 $3,773                    $5,550                 $189,000       
Dawn-Marie Driscoll(2)(3)(4)            $4,987                    $7,343                 $251,000       
Keith R. Fox(3)(4)                      $3,851                    $5,669                 $195,000       
Kenneth C. Froewiss(3)(4)               $3,983                    $5,851                 $234,988       
Martin J. Gruber(3)                     $1,563                    $2,200                 $188,000       
Richard J. Herring(3)(4)                $1,494                    $2,110                 $184,000       
Graham E. Jones(3)(4)                   $1,733                    $2,440                 $206,000       
Rebecca W. Rimel(3)                     $1,525                    $2,146                 $185,000       
Philip Saunders, Jr.(3)(4)              $1,733                    $2,440                 $207,000       
William N. Searcy, Jr.(3)(4)            $1,733                    $2,440                 $206,000       
Jean Gleason Stromberg(3)(4)            $3,970                    $5,837                 $202,000       
Carl W. Vogt(3)                         $3,773                    $5,550                 $189,000       

(1)      The DWS Fund Complex is composed of 155 funds as of December 31, 2006. 

(2)      Includes  $50,000 in annual  retainer  fees in Ms.  Driscoll's  role as
Chairperson of the Board.                                     

(3)      For each Board Member,  except Mr. Becton,  Mr.  Froewiss and Mr. Vogt,
         total  compensation  for calendar year 2006 includes  compensation  for
         service  on  the  boards  of  34  trusts/corporations  comprised  of 87
         funds/portfolios.  For Messrs.  Becton and Vogt total  compensation for
calendar year 2006 includes                                   

74

P-->497360th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 360th
         compensation  for  service  on  the  boards  of 32  trusts/corporations
         comprised of 85  funds/portfolios.  For Mr. Froewiss total compensation
         for calendar year 2006 includes compensation for services on the boards
of 37 trusts/corporations comprised of 90 funds/portfolios.   

(4)      Aggregate  compensation  includes amounts paid to the Board Members for
         special  meetings of ad hoc committees of the board in connection  with
         the  possible  consolidation  of the various DWS Fund boards and funds,
         meetings for considering fund expense simplification  initiatives,  and
         consideration  of issues  specific  to the Funds'  direct  shareholders
         (i.e., those shareholders who did not purchase shares through financial
         intermediaries).  Such amounts totaled $16,000 for Ms. Driscoll, $1,000
         for Mr. Fox, $17,000 for Mr. Froewiss,  $1,000 for Dr. Herring, $16,000
         for Mr.  Jones,  $17,000 for Dr.  Saunders,  $16,000 for Mr. Searcy and
         $16,000  for Ms.  Stromberg.  These  meeting  fees  were  borne  by the
applicable DWS Funds.                                         

Board Member Ownership in the Fund(1)                                           

The  following  table shows the dollar range of equity  securities  beneficially
owned by each Board  Member in the Funds and DWS Fund Complex as of December 31,
2006.                                                                           

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]


                                                          Dollar Range of     Aggregate Dollar Range of 
                               Dollar Range of         Beneficial Ownership    Ownership in all Funds   
                            Beneficial Ownership in    in DWS International  Overseen by Board Member in
Board Member               DWS Global Thematic Fund           Fund            the DWS Fund Complex(2)   
------------               ------------------------           ----            -----------------------   

Independent Board Member:                                                                               
-------------------------                                                                               

                                                                                                        
Henry P. Becton, Jr.           $10,001-$50,000            $1-$10,000           Over $100,000            
Dawn-Marie Driscoll            $10,001-$50,000            $1-$10,000           Over $100,000            
Keith R. Fox                         None            $10,001-$50,000           Over $100,000            
Kenneth C. Froewiss                  None                       None           Over $100,000            
Martin J. Gruber                     None                       None           Over $100,000            
Richard J. Herring             $50,001-$100,000                 None           Over $100,000            
Graham E. Jones                      None                       None           Over $100,000            
Rebecca W. Rimel               $50,001-$100,000                 None           Over $100,000            
Philip Saunders, Jr.                 None              Over $100,000           Over $100,000            
William N. Searcy, Jr.               None                       None           Over $100,000            
Jean Gleason Stromberg         $10,001-$50,000                  None           Over $100,000            
Carl W. Vogt                     Over $100,000                  None           Over $100,000            

Interested Board Member:                                                                                
------------------------                                                                                

Axel Schwarzer                 $10,001-$50,000           None                  Over $100,000            

(1)      The amount shown  includes  share  equivalents of funds which the Board
         Member  is  deemed  to be  invested  pursuant  to the  Fund's  deferred
         compensation   plan.  The  inclusion   therein  of  any  shares  deemed
         beneficially  owned does not  constitute  an  admission  of  beneficial
ownership of the shares.                                      

(2)      Securities  beneficially  owned as defined  under the 1934 Act  include
         direct and/or indirect ownership of securities where the Board Member's
         economic interest is tied to the securities,  employment  ownership and
         securities  when the Board  Member can exert  voting power and when the
         Board Member has  authority to sell the  securities.  The dollar ranges
         are:  None,   $1-$10,000,   $10,001-$50,000,   $50,001-$100,000,   over
$100,000.                                                     

75

P-->497361st Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 361st
Ownership in Securities of the Advisor and Related Companies                    

As  reported to the Funds,  the  information  in the  following  table  reflects
ownership by the Independent Board Members and their immediate family members of
certain  securities as of December 31, 2006. An immediate family member can be a
spouse,  children  residing in the same  household  including  step and adoptive
children and any dependents.  The securities  represent ownership in the Advisor
or principal  underwriter  of the Fund and any persons  (other than a registered
investment company) directly or indirectly controlling,  controlled by, or under
common control with the Advisor or principal underwriter of the Funds (including
Deutsche Bank AG).                                                              

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]


                                                                 Value of     Percent of 
                           Owner and                           Securities on  Class on an
Independent             Relationship to              Title of  an Aggregate    Aggregate 
Board Member              Board Member      Company    Class       Basis         Basis   
------------              ------------      -------    -----       -----         -----   

                                                                                         
Henry P. Becton, Jr.                     None                                            
Dawn-Marie Driscoll                      None                                            
Keith R. Fox                             None                                            
Kenneth C. Froewiss                      None                                            
Martin J. Gruber                         None                                            
Richard J. Herring                       None                                            
Graham E. Jones                          None                                            
Rebecca W. Rimel                         None                                            
Philip Saunders, Jr.                     None                                            
William N. Searcy, Jr.                   None                                            
Jean Gleason Stromberg                   None                                            
Carl W. Vogt                             None                                            

Securities Beneficially Owned                                                   

As of November 7, 2007, the Board Members and officers of the Corporation owned,
as a group, less than 1% of the outstanding shares of the Fund.                 

To the best of each Fund's knowledge, as of November 7, 2007, no person owned of
record or beneficially 5% or more of any class of the Fund's outstanding shares,
except as noted below.                                                          

DWS Global Thematic Fund                                                        

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]


Name and Address of Investor Ownership                  Shares             % of Total Shares      
--------------------------------------                  ------             -----------------      

                                                                                                  
CHARLES SCHWAB & CO INC                             1,973,808.7840        11.39 % of Class A      
SPECIAL CUSTODY ACCOUNT FOR THE EXCLUSIVE BENEFIT                                                 
OF CUSTOMERS                                                                                      
SAN FRANCISCO CA  94104-4151                                                                      

MLPF&S FOR THE SOLE BENEFIT OF ITS CUSTOMERS        1,714,510.7280         9.90 % of Class A      
JACKSONVILLE FL  32246-6484                                                                       

MLPF&S FOR THE SOLE BENEFIT OF ITS CUSTOMERS         217,690.9280         17.21 % of Class B      
JACKSONVILLE FL  32246-6484                                                                       

CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS INC                         178,151.2700         14.08 % of Class B      
NEW YORK NY  10001-2402                                                                           

                                       76                                                         

P-->497362nd Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 362nd
Name and Address of Investor Ownership                  Shares             % of Total Shares      
--------------------------------------                  ------             -----------------      

MLPF&S FOR THE SOLE BENEFIT OF ITS CUSTOMERS        1,745,269.5530        24.69 % of Class C      
JACKSONVILLE FL  32246-6484                                                                       

MORGAN STANLEY & CO.                                 544,724.4770          7.71 % of Class C      
JERSEY CITY NJ  07311                                                                             

CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS INC                         539,315.5540          7.63 % of Class C      
NEW YORK NY  10001-2402                                                                           

MLPF&S FOR THE SOLE BENEFIT OF ITS CUSTOMERS          43,599.9740         17.74 % of Class R      
JACKSONVILLE FL  32246-6484                                                                       

HARTFORD LIFE INSURANCE                               36,208.3430         14.73 % of Class R      
COMPANY SEPARATE ACCOUNT                                                                          
HARTFORD CT  06104-2999                                                                           

DWS TRUST COMPANY                                     21,496.7850          8.75 % of Class R      
FBO APPLIED ENERGY SOLUTIONS LLC                                                                  
401(K)                                                                                            
PLAN                                                                                              
SALEM NH  03079-1143                                                                              

GPC SECURITIES INC AS AGENT                           13,643.7220          5.55 % of Class R      
MERRILL LYNCH BANK & TRUST FSB                                                                    
TTEE                                                                                              
FBO PERRY & BARRON ORTHOPEDICS PLAN                                                               
ATLANTA GA  30348-5117                                                                            

CHARLES SCHWAB & CO INC                             2,973,284.3220         7.33 % of Class S      
REINVEST ACCOUNT                                                                                  
SAN FRANCISCO CA  94104-4151                                                                      

DWS International Fund                                                                            

Name and Address of Investor Ownership                  Shares             % of Total Shares      
--------------------------------------                  ------             -----------------      

MLPF&S FOR THE SOLE BENEFIT OF ITS                    45,444.0500          9.50 % of Class C      
CUSTOMERS                                                                                         
JACKSONVILLE FL  32246-6484                                                                       

NORTHERN TRUST CO CUST                               188,220.1090   46.11 % of Institutional Class
FBO ARMY/AIR FORCE                                                                                
CHICAGO IL  60675-0001                                                                            

NAT'L FINANCIAL SERVICES CORP FOR EXCL BENEFIT        73,800.5910   18.08 % of Institutional Class
OUR CUSTOMERS                                                                                     
NEW YORK NY  10281-1003                                                                           

DWS TRUST COMPANY TTEE                                62,020.7010   15.19 % of Institutional Class
FBO DB MATCHED SAVINGS PLAN                                                                       
SALEM NH  03079-1143                                                                              

                                       77                                                         

P-->497363rd Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 363rd
Name and Address of Investor Ownership                  Shares             % of Total Shares      
--------------------------------------                  ------             -----------------      

STATE STREET BANK & TRUST CO                          43,212.8320   10.59 % of Institutional Class
CUST FBO                                                                                          
DWS LIFECOMPASS 2020                                                                              
FUND                                                                                              
QUINCY MA  02171-2105                                                                             

CHARLES SCHWAB & CO INC                            3,621,947.1360        12.95 % of Class S       
SAN FRANCISCO CA  94104-4151                                                                      

Agreement to Indemnify Independent Directors for Certain Expenses.              

In connection with litigation or regulatory  action related to possible improper
market timing or other improper trading activity or possible improper  marketing
and sales  activity  in the Funds,  each Fund's  investment  advisor has agreed,
subject to  applicable  law and  regulation,  to indemnify and hold harmless the
applicable  Funds  against  any and all loss,  damage,  liability  and  expense,
arising  from  market  timing or  marketing  and sales  matters  alleged  in any
enforcement actions brought by governmental authorities involving or potentially
affecting the Funds or the investment  advisor  ("Enforcement  Actions") or that
are the basis for private  actions  brought by shareholders of the Funds against
the Funds,  their directors and officers,  the Funds' investment  advisor and/or
certain other parties ("Private Litigation"), or any proceedings or actions that
may  be  threatened  or  commenced  in  the  future  by  any  person  (including
governmental authorities), arising from or similar to the matters alleged in the
Enforcement Actions or Private Litigation.  In recognition of its undertaking to
indemnify  the  applicable  Funds  and in  light of the  rebuttable  presumption
generally  afforded to independent  directors/trustees  of investment  companies
that they have not engaged in disabling conduct,  each Fund's investment advisor
has also agreed,  subject to  applicable  law and  regulation,  to indemnify the
applicable  Funds'  Independent   Directors  against  certain   liabilities  the
Independent  Directors  may incur from the  matters  alleged in any  Enforcement
Actions or Private  Litigation or arising from or similar to the matters alleged
in the Enforcement Actions or Private Litigation,  and advance expenses that may
be  incurred by the  Independent  Director in  connection  with any  Enforcement
Actions  or  Private  Litigation.  The  applicable  investment  advisor  is not,
however,  required to provide  indemnification and advancement of expenses:  (1)
with respect to any  proceeding  or action with respect to which the  applicable
Fund's Board  determines that the Independent  Director  ultimately would not be
entitled to indemnification or (2) for any liability of the Independent Director
to the Funds or their  shareholders  to which  the  Independent  Director  would
otherwise  be  subject  by reason  of  willful  misfeasance,  bad  faith,  gross
negligence  or reckless  disregard  of the  Independent  Director's  duties as a
director or trustee of the Funds as determined in a final  adjudication  in such
action or proceeding.  The estimated amount of any expenses that may be advanced
to the  Independent  Directors  or  indemnity  that  may be  payable  under  the
indemnity  agreements  is currently  unknown.  These  agreements  by each Fund's
investment  advisor will survive the  termination of the  investment  management
agreements between the applicable investment advisor and the Funds.             

 FUND ORGANIZATION

Organizational Description                                                      

DWS  Global  Thematic  Fund.  DWS  Global  Thematic  Fund  is a  series  of  DWS
Global/International  Fund,  Inc., a Maryland  corporation  organized on May 15,
1986. The name of this  Corporation  was changed,  effective May 29, 1998,  from
Scudder Global Fund, Inc. This  Corporation  currently  consists of four series:
DWS Global  Thematic Fund, DWS Global Bond Fund, DWS Global  Opportunities  Fund
and DWS Emerging Markets Fixed Income Fund. Each Fund except DWS Global Thematic
Fund is further  divided into four classes of shares,  Class S, Class A, Class B
and Class C shares.  DWS  Global  Thematic  Fund is  further  divided  into five
classes of shares: Class S, Class A, Class B, Class C and Class R.              

The authorized capital stock of DWS Global/International  Fund, Inc. consists of
1,559,993,796  shares  with $0.01 par  value,  200  million  shares of which are
allocated  to DWS Global  Opportunities  Fund,  529,154,575  shares of which are
allocated to DWS Global Bond Fund, and 320 million shares of which are allocated
to each of DWS                                                                  

78

P-->497364th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 364th
Emerging Markets Fixed Income Fund and 370 million shares of which are allocated
to DWS Global Thematic Fund.                                                    

DWS International  Fund, Inc. DWS International  Fund, Inc. (the  "Corporation")
was organized as Scudder Fund of Canada Ltd. in Canada in 1953 by the investment
management firm of Scudder, Stevens & Clark, Inc. On March 16, 1964, the name of
this Corporation was changed to Scudder  International  Investments Ltd. On July
31,  1975,  the  corporate  domicile of this  Corporation  was changed to the US
through the transfer of its net assets to a newly formed  Maryland  corporation,
Scudder  International  Fund,  Inc.,  in exchange for shares of the  Corporation
which then were distributed to the shareholders of the Corporation.  On February
6, 2006,  the name of the  Corporation  was changed from  Scudder  International
Fund, Inc. to DWS International Fund, Inc.                                      

The authorized capital stock of the Corporation consists of 2,447,923,888 shares
of a par value of $.01 each,  which  capital  stock has been  divided  into five
series:  DWS International  Fund, the original series;  DWS Latin America Equity
Fund,  organized in December 1992; DWS Europe Equity Fund,  organized in October
1994;  DWS  Emerging  Markets  Equity  Fund,  organized  in  May  1996  and  DWS
International  Value  Opportunities  Fund  organized  in July 2006.  Each series
consists of 320 million shares, except for DWS International Fund which consists
of  620,595,597  shares,  DWS Latin  America  Equity Fund which  consists of 340
million shares and DWS Europe Equity Fund which consists of 420 million  shares.
DWS  International  Value  Opportunities  Fund is divided  into four  classes of
shares: Class A, Class C, Class S and Institutional Class shares. Class S shares
of the Fund are offered through a separate statement of additional information. 

The Corporation is a Maryland  corporation  organized under the laws of Maryland
and is governed  by Amended and  Restated  Articles of  Incorporation  that were
approved  by  shareholders  in the  second  quarter  of 2006,  as may be further
amended from time to time (the "Articles of  Incorporation").  All shares issued
and  outstanding  are  fully  paid  and  non-assessable,  transferable,  have no
pre-emptive  rights  (except as may be  determined by the Board of Directors) or
conversion rights (except as described below) and are redeemable as described in
the SAI and in the  Fund's  prospectus.  Each share has equal  rights  with each
other share of the same class of the Fund as to voting, dividends, exchanges and
liquidation.  Shareholders  are  entitled  to one vote for each  share  held and
fractional votes for fractional shares held.                                    

The Board of Directors may  determine  that shares of the Fund or a class of the
Fund  shall be  automatically  converted  into  shares  of  another  Fund of the
Corporation  or of  another  class  of the  same or  another  Fund  based on the
relative net assets of such Fund or class at the time of  conversion.  The Board
of Directors  may also provide that the holders of shares of the Fund or a class
of the Fund shall have the right to convert or exchange their shares into shares
of one or more  other  Funds or  classes  on terms  established  by the Board of
Directors.                                                                      

Each share of the  Corporation  may be subject to such sales  loads or  charges,
expenses and fees, account size  requirements,  and other rights and provisions,
which may be the same or different  from any other share of the  Corporation  or
any other share of any Fund or class of the Fund  (including  shares of the same
Fund or class as the share),  as the Board of Directors of the  Corporation  may
establish or change from time to time and to the extent permitted under the 1940
Act.                                                                            

The Corporation is not required to hold an annual meeting of shareholders in any
year in which the  election of  Directors  is not required by the 1940 Act. If a
meeting of  shareholders  of the Corporation is required by the 1940 Act to take
action on the election of  Directors,  then an annual  meeting  shall be held to
elect  Directors  and take such other  action as may come  before  the  meeting.
Special meetings of the shareholders of the Corporation,  or of the shareholders
of one or more Funds or classes  thereof,  for any purpose or  purposes,  may be
called at any time by the Board of Directors or by the  President,  and shall be
called by the  President or Secretary at the request in writing of  shareholders
entitled to cast a majority of the votes entitled to be cast at the meeting.    

Except as  provided in the 1940 Act,  the  presence in person or by proxy of the
holders  of  one-third  of the  shares  entitled  to  vote  at a  meeting  shall
constitute a quorum for the  transaction of business at meetings of shareholders
of the Corporation or of the Fund or class.                                     

79

P-->497365th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 365th
On any matter submitted to a vote of shareholders, all shares of the Corporation
entitled  to vote  shall be voted in the  aggregate  as a single  class  without
regard  to  series  or  classes  of  shares,  provided,  however,  that (a) when
applicable law requires that one or more series or classes vote separately, such
series or classes shall vote  separately  and,  subject to (b) below,  all other
series  or  classes  shall  vote in the  aggregate;  and (b) when  the  Board of
Directors determines that a matter does not affect the interests of a particular
series or class, such series or class shall not be entitled to any vote and only
the shares of the affected series or classes shall be entitled to vote.         

Notwithstanding any provision of Maryland corporate law requiring  authorization
of any action by a greater  proportion  than a majority  of the total  number of
shares  entitled  to vote  on a  matter,  such  action  shall  be  effective  if
authorized by the majority vote of the outstanding shares entitled to vote.     

Subject to the requirements of applicable law and any procedures  adopted by the
Board of Directors from time to time,  the holders of shares of the  Corporation
or any one or more  series or classes  thereof may take action or consent to any
action by delivering a consent, in writing or by electronic transmission, of the
holders entitled to cast not less than the minimum number of votes that would be
necessary to authorize or take the action at a formal meeting.                  

The Articles of  Incorporation  provide that the Board of Directors  may, in its
discretion,  establish  minimum  investment  amounts for  shareholder  accounts,
impose  fees on  accounts  that do not  exceed a minimum  investment  amount and
involuntarily  redeem  shares in any such  account in payment of such fees.  The
Board of Directors,  in its sole  discretion,  also may cause the Corporation to
redeem all of the  shares of the  Corporation  or one or more  series or classes
held by any  shareholder for any reason,  to the extent  permissible by the 1940
Act,  including (a) if the shareholder owns shares having an aggregate net asset
value  of  less  than a  specified  minimum  amount,  (b)  if the  shareholder's
ownership of shares would disqualify a series from being a regulated  investment
company, (c) upon a shareholder's  failure to provide sufficient  identification
to permit the  Corporation  to verify  the  shareholder's  identity,  (d) upon a
shareholder's  failure to pay for shares or meet or maintain the  qualifications
for  ownership  of a particular  series or class,  (e) if the Board of Directors
determines (or pursuant to policies  established by the Board of Directors it is
determined)  that share  ownership by a shareholder is not in the best interests
of the  remaining  shareholders,  (f)  when  the  Corporation  is  requested  or
compelled to do so by  governmental  authority or applicable  law, or (g) upon a
shareholder's  failure to comply with a request for information  with respect to
the direct or indirect  ownership  of shares of the  Corporation.  By  redeeming
shares the Corporation  may terminate the Fund or any class without  shareholder
approval,  and the  Corporation may suspend the right of shareholders to require
the Corporation to redeem shares to the extent  permissible  under the 1940 Act.
Payment  for shares  redeemed  shall be made in cash or other  property,  or any
combination thereof; provided, however, that the composition of any such payment
(e.g.,  cash,  securities  and/or  other  assets)  to any  shareholder  shall be
determined by the Corporation in its sole discretion, and may be different among
shareholders  (including  differences  among  shareholders  in the same  fund or
class).                                                                         

Except  as  otherwise   permitted  by  the  Articles  of  Incorporation  of  the
Corporation,  upon liquidation or termination of the Fund or class, shareholders
of such Fund or class of the Fund  shall be  entitled  to  receive,  pro rata in
proportion to the number of shares of such Fund or class held by each of them, a
share of the net assets of such Fund or class,  and the holders of shares of any
other  particular Fund or class shall not be entitled to any such  distribution,
provided,  however,  that the  composition  of any  such  payment  (e.g.,  cash,
securities  and/or other assets) to any  shareholder  shall be determined by the
Corporation  in its sole  discretion,  and may be different  among  shareholders
(including differences among shareholders in the same Fund or class).           

The  Corporation's  Board of Directors  supervises  the Fund's  activities.  The
Corporation  adopted  a plan  pursuant  to Rule  18f-3  under  the 1940 Act (the
"Plan") to permit the  Corporation  to establish a multiple  class  distribution
system for its funds.                                                           

Under the  Plan,  each  class of shares  will  represent  interests  in the same
portfolio of investments of the Series, and be identical in all respects to each
other class,  except as set forth below. The only differences  among the various
classes  of  shares  of  the  Series  will  relate   solely  to:  (a)  different
distribution fee payments or service fee payments associated with any Rule 12b-1
Plan  for a  particular  class  of  shares  and  any  other  costs  relating  to
implementing or amending such Rule 12b-1 Plan (including  obtaining  shareholder
approval of such Rule 12b-1 Plan or any amendment thereto),  which will be borne
solely by  shareholders  of such  class;  (b)  different  service  fee  payments
associated with a service plan for a specific class and any other costs relating
to implementing or amending such service plan; (c)                              

80

P-->497366th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 366th
different account minimums; (d) the bearing by each class of its Class Expenses,
as defined below; (e) the voting rights related to any Rule 12b-1 Plan affecting
a specific  class of shares;  (f) separate  exchange  privileges;  (g) different
conversion  features and (h) different  class names and  designations.  Expenses
currently designated as "Class Expenses" by the Corporation's Board of Directors
under the Plan include,  for example,  transfer  agency fees  attributable  to a
specific class and certain securities registration fees.                        

 PROXY VOTING GUIDELINES

Each Fund has delegated proxy voting responsibilities to its investment advisor,
subject to the Board's general  oversight.  Each Fund has delegated proxy voting
to the Advisor with the direction that proxies should be voted  consistent  with
each  Fund's  best  economic  interests.  The  Advisor has adopted its own Proxy
Voting  Policies  and  Procedures  ("Policies"),  and  Proxy  Voting  Guidelines
("Guidelines")  for this  purpose.  The Policies  address,  among other  things,
conflicts of interest that may arise between the interests of the Funds, and the
interests  of the Advisor and its  affiliates,  including  the Fund's  principal
underwriter.  The Guidelines set forth the Advisor's general position on various
proposals, such as:                                                             

o        Shareholder  Rights -- The Advisor  generally  votes against  proposals
that restrict shareholder rights.                             

o        Corporate  Governance -- The Advisor  generally votes for  confidential
         and cumulative voting and against supermajority voting requirements for
         charter and bylaw amendments. The Advisor generally votes for proposals
         to restrict a chief  executive  officer from serving on more than three
         outside  boards of  directors.  The  Advisor  generally  votes  against
         proposals  that  require a company  to  appoint  a  Chairman  who is an
independent director.                                         

o        Anti-Takeover Matters -- The Advisor generally votes for proposals that
         require shareholder ratification of poison pills or that request boards
         to redeem poison pills,  and votes against the adoption of poison pills
         if  they  are  submitted  for  shareholder  ratification.  The  Advisor
generally votes for fair price proposals.                     

o        Compensation  Matters -- The Advisor generally votes for executive cash
         compensation  proposals,  unless they are unreasonably  excessive.  The
         Advisor generally votes against stock option plans that do not meet the
Advisor's criteria.                                           

o        Routine Matters -- The Advisor  generally votes for the ratification of
         auditors,  procedural matters related to the annual meeting and changes
 in company name, and against bundled proposals and adjournment.

The general provisions described above do not apply to investment companies. The
Advisor generally votes proxies solicited by investment  companies in accordance
with the  recommendations  of an  independent  third  party,  except for proxies
solicited by or with respect to investment companies for which the Advisor or an
affiliate  serves as investment  advisor or principal  underwriter  ("affiliated
investment companies").  The Advisor votes affiliated investment company proxies
in  the  same  proportion  as  the  vote  of  the  investment   company's  other
shareholders  (sometimes called "mirror" or "echo" voting).  Master fund proxies
solicited from feeder funds are voted in accordance with applicable requirements
of the Investment Company Act of 1940.                                          

Although the  Guidelines  set forth the Advisor's  general  voting  positions on
various proposals,  the Advisor may,  consistent with the Fund's best interests,
determine under some circumstances to vote contrary to those positions.         

The  Guidelines  on a  particular  issue  may or may  not  reflect  the  view of
individual members of the Board or of a majority of the Board. In addition,  the
Guidelines may reflect a voting position that differs from the actual  practices
of  the  public  companies  within  the  Deutsche  Bank  organization  or of the
investment  companies for which the Advisor or an affiliate serves as investment
advisor or sponsor.                                                             

The  Advisor  may  consider  the views of a portfolio  company's  management  in
deciding how to vote a proxy or in establishing general voting positions for the
Guidelines, but management's views are not determinative.                       

81

P-->497367th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 367th
As mentioned above, the Policies  describe the way in which the Advisor resolves
conflicts  of  interest.  To  resolve  conflicts,   the  advisor,  under  normal
circumstances,  votes proxies in accordance with its Guidelines.  If the Advisor
departs  from  the  Guidelines  with  respect  to a  particular  proxy or if the
Guidelines do not specifically  address a certain proxy proposal, a proxy voting
committee established by the advisor will vote the proxy. Before voting any such
proxy,  however,  the  Advisor's  conflicts  review  committee  will  conduct an
investigation to determine whether any potential  conflicts of interest exist in
connection with the particular proxy proposal. If the conflicts review committee
determines  that the Advisor has a material  conflict  of  interest,  or certain
individuals on the proxy voting committee  should be recused from  participating
in a  particular  proxy vote,  it will  inform the proxy  voting  committee.  If
notified  that the Advisor has a material  conflict,  or fewer than three voting
members are eligible to  participate  in the proxy vote,  typically  the Advisor
will  engage an  independent  third  party to vote the proxy or follow the proxy
voting recommendations of an independent third party.                           

Under certain circumstances,  the Advisor may not be able to vote proxies or the
Advisor  may find that the  expected  economic  costs from voting  outweigh  the
benefits  associated with voting. For example,  the Advisor may not vote proxies
on certain foreign securities due to local restrictions or customs.  The Advisor
generally  does  not vote  proxies  on  securities  subject  to  share  blocking
restrictions.                                                                   

You may  obtain  information  about  how a Fund  voted  proxies  related  to its
portfolio  securities  during the 12-month  period ended June 30 by visiting the
Securities and Exchange  Commission's Web site at www.sec.gov or by visiting our
Web site at:  www.dws-scudder.com  (click on "proxy voting" at the bottom of the
page).                                                                          

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The financial statements,  including the portfolio of investments, of DWS Global
Thematic  Fund  and  DWS  International   Fund,  together  with  the  Report  of
Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, Financial Highlights and notes to
financial  statements as applicable in the Annual Report to the  Shareholders of
each Fund dated August 31, 2007,  are  incorporated  herein by reference and are
hereby deemed to be a part of this combined Statement of Additional Information.

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

The CUSIP number of DWS Global Thematic Fund -- Class A is 233379817.           

The CUSIP number of DWS Global Thematic Fund -- Class B is 233379791.           

The CUSIP number of DWS Global Thematic Fund -- Class C is 233379783.           

The CUSIP number of DWS Global Thematic Fund -- Class R is 233379767.           

The CUSIP number of DWS International Fund -- Class A: 23337R858.               

The CUSIP number of DWS International Fund -- Class B is 23337R841.             

The CUSIP number of DWS International Fund -- Class C is 23337833.              

The CUSIP number of DWS International Fund -- Institutional Class is 23337R791. 

Each Fund has a fiscal year end of August 31.                                   

This Statement of Additional  Information contains the information of DWS Global
Thematic  Fund and DWS  International  Fund.  Each Fund,  through  its  combined
prospectus,  offers only its own share classes, yet it is possible that one Fund
might become liable for a  misstatement  regarding the other Fund. The Directors
of each Fund have  considered  this, and have approved the use of this Statement
of Additional Information.                                                      

82

P-->497368th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 368th
The Funds'  prospectuses  and this  Statement  of  Additional  Information  omit
certain information contained in the Registration Statement which the Funds have
filed with the SEC under the Securities Act of 1933 and reference is hereby made
to the Registration  Statement for further information with respect to each Fund
and  the  securities  offered  hereby.  This  Registration   Statement  and  its
amendments  are available for inspection by the public at the SEC in Washington,
D.C.                                                                            

RATINGS OF INVESTMENTS

Standard & Poor's Corporation Bond Ratings                                      

AAA.  Debt  rated AAA had the  highest  rating  assigned  by  Standard & Poor's.
Capacity to pay interest and repay principal is extremely strong.               

AA. Debt rated AA has a very strong capacity to pay interest and repay principal
and differs from the higher rated issues only in small degree.                  

A. Debt  rated A has a strong  capacity  to pay  interest  and  repay  principal
although it is somewhat more  susceptible  to the adverse  effects of changes in
circumstances and economic conditions than debt in higher rated categories.     

BBB.  Debt rated BBB is regarded as having an adequate  capacity to pay interest
and  repay  principal.   Whereas  it  normally  exhibits   adequate   protection
parameters,  adverse  economic  conditions  or changing  circumstances  are more
likely to lead to a weakened  capacity to pay interest and repay  principal  for
debt in this category than in higher rated categories.                          

BB, B, CCC, CC and C. Debt rated BB, B, CCC, CC and C is  regarded,  on balance,
as predominantly  speculative with respect to capacity to pay interest and repay
principal in  accordance  with the terms of the  obligation.  BB  indicates  the
lowest degree of speculation and C the highest degree of speculation. While such
debt will likely have some  quality and  protective  characteristics,  these are
outweighed by large uncertainties or major risk exposures to adverse conditions.

CI. The rating CI is  reserved  for income  bonds on which no  interest is being
paid.                                                                           

D. Debt rated D is in  default,  and  payment of interest  and/or  repayment  of
principal is in arrears.                                                        

Moody's Investors Service, Inc. Bond Ratings                                    

AAA. Bonds which are rated Aaa are judged to be of the best quality.  They carry
the  smallest  degree  of  investment  risk  and are  generally  referred  to as
"gilt-edge."  Interest  payments are protected by a large or by an exceptionally
stable margin and principal is secure. While the various protective elements are
likely to change,  such changes as can be visualized are most unlikely to impair
the fundamentally strong position of such issues.                               

Aa. Bonds which are rated Aa are judged to be of high quality by all  standards.
Together with the Aaa group they comprise what are generally known as high-grade
bonds.  They are rated lower than the best bonds  because  margins of protection
may not be as large as in Aaa securities or  fluctuation of protective  elements
may be of greater  amplitude or there may be other  elements  present which make
the long term risks appear somewhat larger than in Aaa securities.              

A. Bonds which are rated A possess many favorable investment  attributes and are
to be considered as upper medium grade  obligations.  Factors giving security to
principal and interest are considered adequate but elements may be present which
suggest a susceptibility to impairment sometime in the future.                  

Baa. Bonds which are rated Baa are considered as medium grade obligations, i.e.,
they are neither  highly  protected nor poorly  secured.  Interest  payments and
principal  security  appear  adequate  for the present  but  certain  protective

83

P-->497369th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 369th
elements may be lacking or may be  characteristically  unreliable over any great
length of time. Such bonds lack outstanding  investment  characteristics  and in
fact have speculative characteristics as well.                                  

Ba.  Bonds  which are rated Ba are judged to have  speculative  elements;  their
future cannot be considered  as well assured.  Often the  protection of interest
and  principal  payments may be very  moderate and thereby not well  safeguarded
during  both  good  and bad  times  over the  future.  Uncertainty  of  position
characterizes bonds in this class.                                              

B. Bonds  which are rated B  generally  lack  characteristics  of the  desirable
investment.  Assurance of interest and principal  payments or of  maintenance of
other terms of the contract over any long period of time may be small.          

Caa.  Bonds  which are rated Caa are of poor  standing.  Such  issues  may be in
default or there may be present  elements of danger with respect to principal or
interest.                                                                       

Ca. Bonds which are rated Ca represent  obligations  which are  speculative in a
high degree. Such issues are often in default or have other marked shortcomings.

C.  Bonds  which are rated C are the lowest  rated  class of bonds and issues so
rated can be regarded as having  extremely  poor prospects of ever attaining any
real investment standing.                                                       

Fitch Long-Term Debt Ratings                                                    

AAA.  Highest credit  quality.  "AAA" ratings  denote the lowest  expectation of
credit risk. They are assigned only in case of exceptionally strong capacity for
timely payment of financial commitments.  This capacity is highly unlikely to be
adversely affected by foreseeable events.                                       

AA. Very high credit  quality.  "AA" ratings  denote a very low  expectation  of
credit risk.  They indicate very strong capacity for timely payment of financial
commitments.  This  capacity  is not  significantly  vulnerable  to  foreseeable
events.                                                                         

A. High credit quality. "A" ratings denote a low expectation of credit risk. The
capacity for timely payment of financial  commitments is considered strong. This
capacity may, nevertheless, be more vulnerable to changes in circumstances or in
economic conditions than is the case for higher ratings.                        

BBB. Good credit quality.  "BBB" ratings  indicate that there is currently a low
expectation  of credit  risk.  The  capacity  for timely  payment  of  financial
commitments is considered adequate,  but adverse changes in circumstances and in
economic conditions are more likely to impair this capacity.  This is the lowest
investment-grade category.                                                      

BB.  Speculative.  "BB" ratings  indicate that there is a possibility  of credit
risk  developing,  particularly  as the result of adverse  economic  change over
time;  however,  business or  financial  alternatives  may be available to allow
financial  commitments  to be met.  Securities  rated in this  category  are not
investment grade.                                                               

B. Highly  speculative.  "B" ratings  indicate that  significant  credit risk is
present,  but a limited  margin of safety  remains.  Financial  commitments  are
currently being met; however,  capacity for continued payment is contingent upon
a sustained, favorable business and economic environment.                       

CCC,  CC, C. High  default  risk.  Default is a real  possibility.  Capacity for
meeting  financial  commitments  is solely  reliant  upon  sustained,  favorable
business or economic developments.  A "CC" rating indicates that default of some
kind appears probable. "C" ratings signal imminent default.                     

DDD, DD, D. Default.  The ratings of  obligations  in this category are based on
their prospects for achieving  partial or full recovery in a  reorganization  or
liquidation  of  the  obligor.   While  expected   recovery  values  are  highly
speculative  and cannot be estimated with any precision,  the following serve as
general  guidelines.  "DDD" obligations have the highest potential for recovery,
around  90%-100% of  outstanding  amounts and accrued  interest.                

84

P-->497370th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 370th
"DD" indicates potential  recoveries in the range of 50%-90%, and "D" the lowest
recovery potential, i.e., below 50%.                                            

Entities  rated  in  this  category  have  defaulted  on  some  or all of  their
obligations.  Entities  rated "DDD" have the highest  prospect for resumption of
performance  or  continued  operation  with or  without a formal  reorganization
process.  Entities  rated  "DD"  and  "D"  are  generally  undergoing  a  formal
reorganization or liquidation process;  those rated "DD" are likely to satisfy a
higher portion of their outstanding obligations, while entities rated "D" have a
poor prospect for repaying all obligations.                                     

Fitch Short-Term Debt Ratings                                                   

F1.  Highest credit  quality.  Indicates the Best capacity for timely payment of
financial commitments;  may have an added "+" to denote any exceptionally strong
credit feature.                                                                 

F2. Good credit quality. A satisfactory capacity for timely payment of financial
commitments,  but the  margin  of  safety  is not as great as in the case of the
higher ratings.                                                                 

F3.  Fair  credit  quality.   The  capacity  for  timely  payment  of  financial
commitments is adequate;  however,  near-term  adverse changes could result in a
reduction to non-investment grade.                                              

B.  Speculative.  Minimal capacity for timely payment of financial  commitments,
plus  vulnerability  to  near-term  adverse  changes in  financial  and economic
conditions.                                                                     

C. High  default  risk.  Default is a real  possibility.  Capacity  for  meeting
financial commitments is solely reliant upon a sustained, favorable business and
economic environment.                                                           

D. Default. Denotes actual or imminent payment default.                         

Commercial Paper Ratings                                                        

Commercial  paper rated by Standard & Poor's  Ratings  Services  ("S&P") has the
following   characteristics:   Liquidity   ratios  are  adequate  to  meet  cash
requirements.  Long-term  senior  debt is rated "A" or  better.  The  issuer has
access to at least two additional channels of borrowing. Basic earnings and cash
flow  have an  upward  trend  with  allowance  made for  unusual  circumstances.
Typically, the issuer's industry is well established and the issuer has a strong
position  within the industry.  The  reliability  and quality of management  are
unquestioned.  Relative  strength  or weakness  of the above  factors  determine
whether the issuer's commercial paper is rated A-1 or A-2.                      

The ratings  Prime-1 and Prime-2 are the two highest  commercial  paper  ratings
assigned  by Moody's  Investors  Service,  Inc.  ("Moody's").  Among the factors
considered by it in assigning  ratings are the following:  (1) evaluation of the
management of the issuer;  (2) economic  evaluation of the issuer's  industry or
industries and an appraisal of  speculative-type  risks which may be inherent in
certain  areas;  (3)  evaluation  of  the  issuer's   products  in  relation  to
competition and customer  acceptance;  (4) liquidity;  (5) amount and quality of
long-term debt; (6) trend of earnings over a period of ten years;  (7) financial
strength of a parent company and the relationships  which exist with the issuer;
and (8) recognition by the management of obligations which may be present or may
arise as a result of public  interest  questions and  preparations  to meet such
obligations.  Relative  strength  or weakness  of the above  factors  determines
whether the issuer's commercial paper is rated Prime-1 or 2.                    

Municipal Notes                                                                 

Moody's: The highest ratings for state and municipal short-term  obligations are
"MIG 1," "MIG 2," and "MIG 3" (or "VMIG 1," "VMIG 2" and "VMIG 3" in the case of
an issue having a variable rate demand feature). Notes rated "MIG 1" or "VMIG 1"
are judged to be of the "best  quality".  Notes rated "MIG 2" or "VMIG 2" are of
"high  quality," with margins or protection  "ample  although not as large as in
the  preceding  group".  Notes  rated  "MIG  3"                                 

85

P-->497371st Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 371st
or "VMIG 3" are of "favorable quality," with all security elements accounted for
but lacking the strength of the preceding grades.                               

S&P:  The  "SP-1"  rating  reflects  a "very  strong or strong  capacity  to pay
principal and interest". Notes issued with "overwhelming safety characteristics"
will be rated "SP-1+".  The "SP-2" rating reflects a "satisfactory  capacity" to
pay principal and interest.                                                     

Fitch:  The highest ratings for state and municipal  short-term  obligations are
"F-1+," "F-1," and "F-2."                                                       

86

P-->497372nd Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 372nd
DWS Global Thematic Fund

 a series of DWS Global/International Fund, Inc.

DWS International Fund

a series of DWS International Fund, Inc.

 STATEMENT OF ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Class S Shares

December 1, 2007

This combined Statement of Additional Information is not a prospectus and should
be read in conjunction with the combined  prospectus for the DWS Global Thematic
Fund and DWS  International  Fund  (each a "Fund,"  collectively  the  "Funds"),
series of DWS Global/International  Fund, Inc. and DWS International Fund, Inc.,
respectively,  dated  December 1, 2007,  as amended from time to time, a copy of
which may be obtained  without  charge by contacting  DWS Scudder  Distributors,
Inc., 222 South Riverside Plaza, Chicago, Illinois 60606,  1-800-728-3337 or the
firm from which this  Statement of  Additional  Information  was obtained and is
available  along with other  related  materials on the  Securities  and Exchange
Commission's Internet Web site (http://www.sec.gov).                            

The Annual  Report to  Shareholders  of each  Fund,  dated  August 31,  2007 are
incorporated  by reference and are hereby deemed to be part of this Statement of
Additional Information.                                                         

This combined  Statement of Additional  Information is incorporated by reference
into the combined prospectus.                                                   

P-->497373rd Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 373rd
 TABLE OF CONTENTS
                                                                  Page
                                                                  ----

INVESTMENT RESTRICTIONS..................................................1      
INVESTMENT POLICIES AND TECHNIQUES.......................................3      
Portfolio Holdings Information.......................................22   

MANAGEMENT OF THE FUNDS.................................................23      
Investment Advisor...................................................23   
Administrative Agreement.............................................26   
Compensation of Portfolio Managers...................................29   

FUND SERVICE PROVIDERS..................................................32      
PORTFOLIO TRANSACTIONS..................................................34      
PURCHASE AND REDEMPTION OF SHARES.......................................37      
FEDERAL INCOME TAXES....................................................48      
NET ASSET VALUE.........................................................55      
DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS..................................................56      
FUND ORGANIZATION.......................................................66      
PROXY VOTING GUIDELINES.................................................69      
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS....................................................70      
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION..................................................70      
RATINGS OF INVESTMENTS..................................................71      

i 

P-->497374th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 374th
ii

P-->497375th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 375th
 INVESTMENT RESTRICTIONS

Except as otherwise indicated, each Fund's investment objective and policies are
not fundamental and may be changed without a vote of shareholders.  There can be
no assurance that a Fund's objective will be met.                               

Unless specified to the contrary,  the following fundamental policies may not be
changed without the approval of a majority of the outstanding  voting securities
of a Fund which, under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the "1940
Act") and the  rules  thereunder  and as used in this  Statement  of  Additional
Information,  means  the  lesser  of (1) 67% or more  of the  voting  securities
present at such  meeting,  if the  holders  of more than 50% of the  outstanding
voting  securities of a Fund are present or  represented  by proxy,  or (2) more
than 50% of the outstanding voting securities of a Fund.                        

Any  investment  restrictions  herein  which  involve  a maximum  percentage  of
securities  or assets shall not be  considered  to be violated  unless an excess
over the percentage occurs  immediately after and is caused by an acquisition or
encumbrance of securities or assets of, or borrowings by, a Fund.               

Each Fund has elected to be classified  as a  diversified  series of an open-end
management  investment  company. A diversified fund may not, with respect to 75%
of total  assets,  invest more than 5% of total  assets in the  securities  of a
single issuer or invest in more than 10% of the outstanding voting securities of
such issuer, with certain exceptions.                                           

As a matter of fundamental policy, each Fund may not:                           

(1)      borrow money, except as permitted under the 1940 Act, as interpreted or
         modified by  regulatory  authority  having  jurisdiction,  from time to
time;                                                         

(2)      issue senior  securities,  except as  permitted  under the 1940 Act, as
         interpreted or modified by regulatory  authority  having  jurisdiction,
from time to time;                                            

(3)      concentrate its investments in a particular  industry,  as that term is
         used  in the  1940  Act,  as  interpreted  or  modified  by  regulatory
authority having jurisdiction, from time to time;             

(4)      engage in the  business of  underwriting  securities  issued by others,
         except to the extent  that the Fund may be deemed to be an  underwriter
in connection with the disposition of portfolio securities;   

(5)      purchase or sell real estate, which term does not include securities of
         companies which deal in real estate or mortgages or investments secured
         by real estate or  interests  therein,  except  that the Fund  reserves
         freedom of action to hold and to sell real estate  acquired as a result
of the Fund's ownership of securities;                        

(6)      purchase or sell  commodities,  except as permitted by the 1940 Act, as
         amended,  and as interpreted or modified by regulatory authority having
jurisdiction, from time to time; or                           

(7)      make loans to other persons, except as permitted under the 1940 Act, as
         interpreted or modified by regulatory  authority  having  jurisdiction,
from time to time.                                            

With respect to fundamental  policy number five above, the Funds have no current
intention  to hold  and  sell  real  estate  acquired  as a  result  of a Fund's
ownership of securities.                                                        

The Directors of each  Corporation (as defined below) have  voluntarily  adopted
certain  policies  and  restrictions,  which are observed in the conduct of each
Fund's affairs.  These represent  intentions of the Directors based upon current
circumstances.  Non-fundamental  policies may be changed by the Directors of the
Corporation without requiring prior notice to or approval of shareholders.      

P-->497376th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 376th
As a matter of non-fundamental policy, each Fund currently does not intend to:  

(a)      borrow money in an amount  greater than 5% of its total assets,  except
         (i) for temporary or emergency purposes and (ii) by engaging in reverse
         repurchase   agreements,   dollar  rolls,   or  other   investments  or
         transactions  described in the Fund's registration  statement which may
be deemed to be borrowings;                                   

(b)      enter into either reverse  repurchase  agreements or dollar rolls in an
amount greater than 5% of its total assets;                   

(c)      purchase  securities  on margin or make short  sales,  except (i) short
         sales against the box, (ii) in connection with arbitrage  transactions,
         (iii) for margin deposits in connection with futures contracts, options
         or other  permitted  investments,  (iv) that  transactions  in  futures
         contracts  and  options  shall  not be  deemed  to  constitute  selling
         securities  short,  and (v) that the Fund may  obtain  such  short-term
         credits  as  may  be  necessary   for  the   clearance  of   securities
transactions;                                                 

(d)      purchase  options,  unless  the  aggregate  premiums  paid on all  such
         options  held by the Fund at any time do not  exceed  20% of its  total
         assets; or sell put options, if as a result, the aggregate value of the
         obligations  underlying  such put options would exceed 50% of its total
assets;                                                       

(e)      enter  into  futures  contracts  or  purchase  options  thereon  unless
         immediately  after the  purchase,  the value of the  aggregate  initial
         margin with respect to such futures contracts entered into on behalf of
         the Fund and the premiums  paid for such  options on futures  contracts
         does not exceed 5% of the fair market value of the Fund's total assets;
         provided that in the case of an option that is in-the-money at the time
         of purchase,  the in-the-money  amount may be excluded in computing the
5% limit;                                                     

(f)      purchase warrants if as a result,  such securities,  taken at the lower
         of cost or market value,  would  represent more than 5% of the value of
         the Fund's total assets (for this purpose,  warrants  acquired in units
 or attached to securities will be deemed to have no value); and

(g)      lend  portfolio  securities in an amount greater than 33?% of its total
assets.                                                       

Each Fund will not purchase illiquid securities, including repurchase agreements
maturing in more than seven days, if, as a result thereof,  more than 15% of the
Fund's net assets,  valued at the time of the transaction,  would be invested in
such securities.                                                                

Each Fund may engage in short sales  against-the-box,  although it is the Fund's
current intention that no more than 5% of its net assets will be at risk.       

Each  Fund  will  not  acquire  securities  of  registered  open-end  investment
companies  or  registered  unit  investment   trusts  in  reliance  on  Sections
12(d)(1)(F) or 12(d)(1)(G) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.   

If a percentage  restriction  is adhered to at the time of  investment,  a later
increase or decrease in percentage  beyond the specified  limit resulting from a
change in values or net assets will not be considered a violation.              

Each Fund is an open-end management investment company which continuously offers
and  redeems  shares at net  asset  value.  Each  Fund is a company  of the type
commonly  known as a mutual  fund.  DWS Global  Thematic  Fund is a  diversified
series  of DWS  Global/International  Fund,  Inc.  DWS  International  Fund is a
diversified  series  of DWS  International  Fund,  Inc.  (each a  "Corporation,"
collectively the  "Corporations").  DWS Global Thematic Fund offers five classes
of shares:  Class S, Class A, Class B, Class C and Class R shares.  Only Class S
shares are offered herein. DWS International Fund offers five classes of shares:
Class S, Class A, Class B, Class C and Institutional  Class shares. Only Class S
shares  are  offered  herein.  Each  class has its own  important  features  and
policies.                                                                       

Except as otherwise indicated, each Fund's investment objective and policies are
not fundamental and may be changed without a vote of shareholders. If there is a
change in investment  objective,  shareholders  should consider                 

2 

P-->497377th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 377th
whether  the Fund  remains  an  appropriate  investment  in light of their  then
current  financial  position and needs.  There can be no assurance that a Fund's
objective will be met.                                                          

Changes  in  portfolio   securities   are  made  on  the  basis  of   investment
considerations  and it is against the policy of  management  to make changes for
trading purposes.                                                               

To meet federal tax  requirements for  qualification  as a regulated  investment
company  each  Fund  must  limit  its  investments  so that at the close of each
quarter  of its  taxable  year (1) no more  than  25% of its  total  assets  are
invested  in  securities  of a single  issuer  (other  than US  government  or a
regulated investment company), and (2) with respect to at least 50% of its total
assets,  no more than 5% of its total assets are invested in the securities of a
single issuer.                                                                  

Master/feeder  Fund  Structure.  The Boards of Directors  has the  discretion to
retain the current  distribution  arrangement  for a Fund while  investing  in a
master fund in a master/feeder fund structure as described below.               

A master/feeder fund structure is one in which a Fund (a "feeder fund"), instead
of investing  directly in a portfolio of securities,  invests most or all of its
investment  assets in a separate  registered  investment  company  (the  "master
fund") with  substantially  the same  investment  objective  and policies as the
feeder  fund.  Such a  structure  permits  the  pooling of assets of two or more
feeder funds,  preserving  separate  identities or distribution  channels at the
feeder  fund  level.  Based on the  premise  that  certain  of the  expenses  of
operating an investment  portfolio are  relatively  fixed,  a larger  investment
portfolio may eventually  achieve a lower ratio of operating expenses to average
net assets. An existing  investment  company is able to convert to a feeder fund
by  selling  all  of  its  investments,   which  involves  brokerage  and  other
transaction  costs and realization of a taxable gain or loss, or by contributing
its assets to the master  fund and  avoiding  transaction  costs and,  if proper
procedures are followed, the realization of taxable gain or loss.               

INVESTMENT POLICIES AND TECHNIQUES

General Investment Objective and Policies                                       

Descriptions  in  this  Statement  of  Additional  Information  of a  particular
investment  practice  or  technique  in which a Fund  may  engage  are  meant to
describe  the  spectrum  of  investments  that  Deutsche  Investment  Management
Americas Inc.  ("DIMA" or the  "Advisor") in its  discretion  might,  but is not
required to, use in managing each Fund's portfolio  assets.  The Advisor may, in
its  discretion,  at any time employ such practice,  technique or instrument for
one or more  Funds  but not for all  funds  advised  by it.  Furthermore,  it is
possible that certain types of financial  instruments  or investment  techniques
described  herein may not be available,  permissible,  economically  feasible or
effective  for  their  intended  purposes  in all  markets.  Certain  practices,
techniques or instruments may not be principal  activities of the Funds, but, to
the extent employed,  could from time to time have a material impact on a Fund's
performance. The Fund may engage in certain practices not described herein.     

It is possible that certain investment  practices and techniques described below
may not be  permissible  for a Fund  based on its  investment  restrictions,  as
described herein, and in the Funds' applicable prospectus.                      

Borrowing.  As a matter of  fundamental  policy,  a Fund will not borrow  money,
except as  permitted  under the 1940 Act,  and as  interpreted  or  modified  by
regulatory  authority  having  jurisdiction,  from time to time. While each Fund
does not currently intend to borrow for investment  leveraging purposes, if such
a  strategy  were  implemented  in the  future  it  would  increase  the  Funds'
volatility and the risk of loss in a declining market.  Borrowing by a Fund will
involve  special  risk  considerations.  The  Fund's  assets may change in value
during the time a borrowing is outstanding,  thus increasing exposure to capital
risk.                                                                           

Common  Stocks.  Common  stock is issued by companies to raise cash for business
purposes  and  represents  a  proportionate  interest in the issuing  companies.
Therefore, a Fund participates in the success or failure of any company in which
it holds stock.  The market values of common stock can fluctuate  significantly,
reflecting the business performance of the issuing company,  investor perception
and general economic and financial market                                       

3 

P-->497378th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 378th
movements.  Despite the risk of price  volatility,  however,  common stocks have
historically  offered a greater  potential  for  long-term  gain on  investment,
compared to other classes of financial assets such as bonds or cash equivalents,
although there can be no assurance that this will be true in the future.        

Convertible Securities.  A Fund may invest in convertible  securities,  that is,
bonds,  notes,  debentures,  preferred  stocks  and other  securities  which are
convertible into common stock. Investments in convertible securities can provide
an  opportunity  for capital  appreciation  and/or income  through  interest and
dividend payments by virtue of their conversion or exchange features.           

The convertible securities in which a Fund may invest are either fixed income or
zero coupon debt  securities  which may be converted or exchanged at a stated or
determinable exchange ratio into underlying shares of common stock. The exchange
ratio for any particular  convertible security may be adjusted from time to time
due to stock splits,  dividends,  spin-offs,  other corporate  distributions  or
scheduled  changes  in the  exchange  ratio.  Convertible  debt  securities  and
convertible  preferred  stocks,  until converted,  have general  characteristics
similar to both debt and equity  securities.  Although  to a lesser  extent than
with debt securities generally, the market value of convertible securities tends
to decline as interest  rates  increase  and,  conversely,  tends to increase as
interest  rates  decline.  In addition,  because of the  conversion  or exchange
feature,  the market value of convertible  securities  typically  changes as the
market value of the underlying common stocks changes, and, therefore, also tends
to follow  movements  in the  general  market  for equity  securities.  A unique
feature of convertible  securities is that as the market price of the underlying
common stock declines,  convertible  securities tend to trade  increasingly on a
yield basis, and so may not experience  market value declines to the same extent
as the underlying  common stock.  When the market price of the underlying common
stock  increases,  the prices of the  convertible  securities  tend to rise as a
reflection of the value of the underlying common stock,  although  typically not
as much as the  underlying  common stock.  While no securities  investments  are
without risk,  investments in convertible  securities generally entail less risk
than investments in common stock of the same issuer.                            

As debt securities,  convertible  securities are investments which provide for a
stream of income (or in the case of zero coupon securities, accretion of income)
with  generally  higher  yields  than  common  stocks.   Convertible  securities
generally offer lower yields than non-convertible  securities of similar quality
because of their conversion or exchange features.                               

Of course,  like all debt  securities,  there can be no  assurance  of income or
principal payments because the issuers of the convertible securities may default
on their obligations.                                                           

Convertible   securities   generally  are  subordinated  to  other  similar  but
non-convertible  securities of the same issuer,  although  convertible bonds, as
corporate debt  obligations,  enjoy  seniority in right of payment to all equity
securities,  and  convertible  preferred stock is senior to common stock, of the
same issuer.  However,  because of the subordination feature,  convertible bonds
and  convertible  preferred  stock  typically  have lower  ratings  than similar
non-convertible securities. Convertible securities may be issued as fixed income
obligations that pay current income or as zero coupon notes and bonds, including
Liquid Yield Option Notes ("LYON"(TM)).                                         

Corporate Obligations.  Investment in corporate debt obligations involves credit
and interest rate risk.  The value of  fixed-income  investments  will fluctuate
with changes in interest  rates and bond market  conditions,  tending to rise as
interest  rates decline and to decline as interest  rates rise.  Corporate  debt
obligations generally offer less current yield than securities of lower quality,
but lower-quality  securities generally have less liquidity,  greater credit and
market risk,  and as a result,  more price  volatility.  Longer-term  bonds are,
however, generally more volatile than bonds with shorter maturities.            

Depositary  Receipts.  A Fund may invest in  sponsored or  unsponsored  American
Depositary  Receipts ("ADRs"),  European  Depositary  Receipts ("EDRs"),  Global
Depositary  Receipts ("GDRs"),  International  Depositary  Receipts ("IDRs") and
other types of Depositary Receipts (which, together with ADRs, GDRs and IDRs are
hereinafter referred to as "Depositary  Receipts").  Depositary receipts provide
indirect  investment  in securities of foreign  issuers.  Prices of  unsponsored
Depositary  Receipts  may be more  volatile  than if they were  sponsored by the
issuer of the underlying securities.  Depositary Receipts may not necessarily be
denominated  in the same currency as the underlying  securities  into which they
may be  converted.  In  addition,  the  issuers  of  the  stock  of  unsponsored

4 

P-->497379th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 379th
Depositary  Receipts are not obligated to disclose  material  information in the
United  States  and,  therefore,  there may not be a  correlation  between  such
information and the market value of the Depositary Receipts. ADRs are Depositary
Receipts which are bought and sold in the United States and are typically issued
by a US bank or trust company which evidence ownership of underlying  securities
by a foreign corporation.  GDRs, IDRs and other types of Depositary Receipts are
typically issued by foreign banks or trust companies,  although they may also be
issued by United  States banks or trust  companies,  and  evidence  ownership of
underlying securities issued by either a foreign or a United States corporation.
Generally,  Depositary  Receipts in registered  form are designed for use in the
United  States  securities  markets and  Depositary  Receipts in bearer form are
designed for use in securities  markets outside the United States.  For purposes
of a Fund's investment  policies,  a Fund's  investments in ADRs, GDRs and other
types of Depositary  Receipts will be deemed to be investments in the underlying
securities.  Depositary Receipts, including those denominated in US dollars will
be subject to foreign currency exchange rate risk.  However,  by investing in US
dollar-denominated  ADRs rather than directly in foreign  issuers' stock, a Fund
avoids  currency  risks during the  settlement  period.  In general,  there is a
large,  liquid  market in the  United  States for most  ADRs.  However,  certain
Depositary  Receipts  may not be  listed on an  exchange  and  therefore  may be
illiquid securities.                                                            

Dollar Roll Transactions. Dollar roll transactions consist of the sale by a Fund
to a bank or broker-dealer  (the  "counterparty")  of GNMA certificates or other
mortgage-backed  securities  together  with a  commitment  to purchase  from the
counterparty  similar,  but not  identical,  securities at a future date, at the
same price.  The  counterparty  receives all  principal  and interest  payments,
including  prepayments,  made on the  security  while it is the  holder.  A Fund
receives a fee from the  counterparty  as  consideration  for entering  into the
commitment  to  purchase.  Dollar  rolls may be renewed over a period of several
months  with  a  different  purchase  and  repurchase  price  fixed  and a  cash
settlement  made  at each  renewal  without  physical  delivery  of  securities.
Moreover,  the  transaction  may  be  preceded  by a firm  commitment  agreement
pursuant to which a Fund agrees to buy a security on a future date.             

A Fund will segregate  cash, US Government  securities or other liquid assets in
an amount sufficient to meet their purchase  obligations under the transactions.
A Fund will also maintain asset coverage to the extent required by the 1940 Act.

Dollar  rolls may be treated for  purposes of the 1940 Act, as  borrowings  of a
Fund because  they  involve the sale of a security  coupled with an agreement to
repurchase.  A dollar roll involves costs to a Fund.  For example,  while a Fund
receives a fee as consideration for agreeing to repurchase the security,  a Fund
forgoes the right to receive  all  principal  and  interest  payments  while the
counterparty  holds the security.  These payments to the counterparty may exceed
the fee received by a Fund, thereby effectively  charging a Fund interest on its
borrowing.  Further,  although  a Fund  can  estimate  the  amount  of  expected
principal prepayment over the term of the dollar roll, a variation in the actual
amount of prepayment could increase or decrease the cost of a Fund's borrowing. 

The entry into dollar rolls involves  potential risks of loss that are different
from those related to the securities  underlying the transactions.  For example,
if the  counterparty  becomes  insolvent,  a Fund's  right to purchase  from the
counterparty might be restricted. Additionally, the value of such securities may
change adversely before a Fund is able to purchase them.  Similarly,  a Fund may
be required to purchase  securities in connection with a dollar roll at a higher
price than may otherwise be available on the open market. Since, as noted above,
the counterparty is required to deliver a similar, but not identical security to
a Fund, the security that a Fund is required to buy under the dollar roll may be
worth less than an identical security. Finally, there can be no assurance that a
Fund's use of the cash that it receives from a dollar roll will provide a return
that exceeds borrowing costs.                                                   

Euro. The  implementation  of the Euro may result in uncertainties  for European
securities  and the operation of a Fund.  The Euro was  introduced on January 1,
1999 by eleven  members  countries of the European  Economic and Monetary  Union
(EMU).  Implementation of the Euro requires the  redenomination of European debt
and  equity  securities  over a period  of time,  which may  result  in  various
accounting  differences  and/or tax treatments  which would not otherwise occur.
Additional  questions  are  raised  by the  fact  that  certain  other  European
Community members,  including the United Kingdom,  did not officially  implement
the Euro on January 1, 1999.                                                    

Eurodollar  Instruments.  A Fund may make investments in Eurodollar  instruments
for hedging purposes or to enhance potential gain. Eurodollar instruments are US
dollar-denominated  futures contracts or options thereon which are linked to the
London Interbank Offered Rate ("LIBOR"),  although foreign  currency-denominated

5 

P-->497380th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 380th
instruments are available from time to time. Eurodollar futures contracts enable
purchasers to obtain a fixed rate for the lending of Funds and sellers to obtain
a fixed rate for borrowings.  A Fund might use Eurodollar  futures contracts and
options  thereon to hedge against  changes in LIBOR, to which many interest rate
swaps and fixed income instruments are linked or for any other purpose.         

Eurodollar  Obligations.  Eurodollar bank obligations are US  dollar-denominated
certificates  of deposit and time deposits issued outside the US capital markets
by foreign  branches of US banks and US branches  of foreign  banks.  Eurodollar
obligations  are  subject  to the same risks that  pertain to  domestic  issues,
notably credit risk,  market risk and liquidity risk.  Additionally,  Eurodollar
obligations are subject to certain sovereign risks.                             

Foreign  Currencies.  Because  investments  in foreign  securities  usually will
involve  currencies  of foreign  countries,  and because a Fund may hold foreign
currencies  and  forward  contracts,   futures  contracts,  options  on  foreign
currencies and foreign  currency  futures  contracts and other  currency-related
instruments,  the value of the assets of a Fund as measured in US dollars may be
affected  favorably or unfavorably by changes in foreign currency exchange rates
and  exchange  control  regulations,  and a Fund may incur costs and  experience
conversion difficulties and uncertainties in connection with conversions between
various  currencies.  Fluctuations in exchange rates may also affect the earning
power and asset value of the foreign entity issuing the security.               

The  strength  or  weakness  of  the  US  dollar  against  these  currencies  is
responsible for part of a Fund's investment performance.  If the dollar falls in
value relative to the Japanese yen, for example,  the dollar value of a Japanese
stock held in the portfolio will rise even though the price of the stock remains
unchanged.  Conversely,  if the dollar  rises in value  relative to the yen, the
dollar  value of the Japanese  stock will fall.  Many  foreign  currencies  have
experienced significant devaluation relative to the dollar.                     

Although  a Fund  values its assets  daily in terms of US  dollars,  it does not
intend to convert its holdings of foreign  currencies into US dollars on a daily
basis.  It will do so from time to time,  and  investors  should be aware of the
costs of currency conversion.  Although foreign exchange dealers do not charge a
fee for  conversion,  they do  realize  a profit  based on the  difference  (the
"spread")  between  the  prices at which they are  buying  and  selling  various
currencies. Thus, a dealer may offer to sell a foreign currency to a Fund at one
rate,  while  offering a lesser rate of exchange  should a Fund desire to resell
that currency to the dealer. A Fund will conduct its foreign  currency  exchange
transactions  either on a spot (i.e., cash) basis at the spot rate prevailing in
the foreign  currency  exchange  market,  or through  entering  into  options or
forward or futures contracts to purchase or sell foreign currencies.            

Foreign Fixed Income Securities.  Since most foreign fixed income securities are
not rated,  a Fund will invest in foreign fixed income  securities  based on the
Advisor's analysis without relying on published ratings.  Since such investments
will be based upon the Advisor's  analysis  rather than upon published  ratings,
achievement  of a Fund's goals may depend more upon the abilities of the Advisor
than would otherwise be the case.                                               

The value of the foreign fixed income  securities  held by a Fund,  and thus the
net asset value of a Fund's shares, generally will fluctuate with (a) changes in
the perceived creditworthiness of the issuers of those securities, (b) movements
in interest  rates,  and (c) changes in the relative values of the currencies in
which a Fund's  investments  in fixed income  securities  are  denominated  with
respect to the US Dollar.  The extent of the fluctuation  will depend on various
factors,  such as the average maturity of a Fund's  investments in foreign fixed
income  securities,  and the extent to which a Fund  hedges its  interest  rate,
credit and currency exchange rate risks. A longer average maturity  generally is
associated  with a  higher  level  of  volatility  in the  market  value of such
securities in response to changes in market conditions.                         

Investments  in  sovereign  debt,  including  Brady Bonds  (Brady Bonds are debt
securities   issued  under  a  plan  implemented  to  allow  debtor  nations  to
restructure  their  outstanding  commercial bank  indebtedness)  involve special
risks. Foreign governmental issuers of debt or the governmental authorities that
control the repayment of the debt may be unable or unwilling to repay  principal
or pay  interest  when due. In the event of default,  there may be limited or no
legal recourse in that, generally,  remedies for defaults must be pursued in the
courts of the defaulting  party.  Political  conditions,  especially a sovereign
entity's  willingness to meet the terms of its fixed income  securities,  are of
considerable  significance.  Also, there can be no assurance that the holders of
commercial bank loans to the same sovereign  entity may not contest  payments to
the holders of sovereign debt in the event of default under commercial          

6 

P-->497381st Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 381st
bank loan  agreements.  In  addition,  there is no  bankruptcy  proceeding  with
respect to sovereign debt on which a sovereign has defaulted,  and a Fund may be
unable to  collect  all or any part of its  investment  in a  particular  issue.
Foreign  investment  in certain  sovereign  debt is  restricted or controlled to
varying degrees,  including requiring governmental approval for the repatriation
of income, capital or proceed of sales by foreign investors.  These restrictions
or  controls  may at times  limit or  preclude  foreign  investment  in  certain
sovereign debt or increase the costs and expenses of a Fund.                    

Sovereign  debt of  emerging  market  governmental  issuers is to be  considered
speculative.  Emerging market governmental issuers are among the largest debtors
to commercial banks, foreign governments,  international financial organizations
and other financial  institutions.  Certain emerging market governmental issuers
have  not  been  able to make  payments  of  interest  on or  principal  of debt
obligations as those payments have come due. There is a history of defaults with
respect  to  commercial  bank  loans by  public  and  private  entities  issuing
sovereign  debt.  All or a portion of the  interest  payments  and/or  principal
repayment  with respect to sovereign debt may be  uncollateralized.  Obligations
arising from past restructuring  agreements may affect the economic  performance
and political and social stability of those issuers.                            

The  ability of  emerging  market  country  governmental  issuers to make timely
payments  on their  obligations  is  likely  to be  influenced  strongly  by the
issuer's balance of payments,  including export  performance,  and its access to
international  credits and  investments.  An emerging  market whose  exports are
concentrated  in a few  commodities  could be  vulnerable  to a  decline  in the
international   prices   of  one  or  more  of  those   commodities.   Increased
protectionism  on the part of an emerging  market's  trading partners could also
adversely  affect the country's  exports and diminish its trade account surplus,
if any. To the extent that emerging  markets  receive payment for its exports in
currencies other than dollars or non-emerging market currencies,  its ability to
make debt payments  denominated  in dollars or  non-emerging  market  currencies
could be affected.                                                              

Another factor bearing on the ability of emerging market countries to repay debt
obligations is the level of international reserves of the country.  Fluctuations
in the level of these  reserves  affect the amount of foreign  exchange  readily
available  for  external  debt  payments  and thus  could  have a bearing on the
capacity  of  emerging   market   countries  to  make  payments  on  these  debt
obligations.                                                                    

To the extent that an emerging  market country cannot  generate a trade surplus,
it must  depend on  continuing  loans  from  foreign  governments,  multilateral
organizations or private commercial banks, aid payments from foreign governments
and inflows of foreign investment. The access of emerging markets to these forms
of external  funding may not be certain,  and a withdrawal  of external  funding
could  adversely  affect the capacity of emerging  market  country  governmental
issuers  to make  payments  on  their  obligations.  In  addition,  the  cost of
servicing  emerging  market  debt  obligations  can be  affected  by a change in
international  interest  rates  since the  majority of these  obligations  carry
interest rates that are adjusted periodically based upon international rates.   

Foreign  Investments.  Foreign securities are normally denominated and traded in
foreign currencies. As a result, the value of the Fund's foreign investments and
the value of its shares may be affected  favorably or  unfavorably by changes in
currency exchange rates relative to the US dollar. There may be less information
publicly  available  about a foreign issuer than about a US issuer,  and foreign
issuers  may not be subject to  accounting,  auditing  and  financial  reporting
standards  and practices  comparable to those in the US. The  securities of some
foreign  issuers are less liquid and at times more volatile  than  securities of
comparable US issuers.  Foreign  brokerage  commissions  and other fees are also
generally  higher  than in the  US.  Foreign  settlement  procedures  and  trade
regulations  may involve  certain risks (such as delay in payment or delivery of
securities or in the recovery of the Fund's assets held abroad) and expenses not
present in the settlement of  investments in US markets.  Payment for securities
without delivery may be required in certain foreign markets.                    

In addition, foreign securities may be subject to the risk of nationalization or
expropriation   of  assets,   imposition  of  currency   exchange   controls  or
restrictions on the  repatriation of foreign  currency,  confiscatory  taxation,
political or  financial  instability  and  diplomatic  developments  which could
affect  the  value of the  Fund's  investments  in  certain  foreign  countries.
Governments   of  many   countries  have  exercised  and  continue  to  exercise
substantial  influence  over many  aspects of the  private  sector  through  the
ownership or control of many  companies,  including some of the largest in these
countries.  As  a  result,  government  actions  in  the  future  could  have  a
significant  effect on economic                                                 

7 

P-->497382nd Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 382nd
conditions  which may adversely affect prices of certain  portfolio  securities.
There is also  generally  less  government  supervision  and regulation of stock
exchanges,  brokers,  and listed companies than in the US. Dividends or interest
on, or proceeds from the sale of,  foreign  securities may be subject to foreign
withholding  taxes,  and  special US tax  considerations  may  apply.  Moreover,
foreign  economies may differ  favorably or  unfavorably  from the US economy in
such respects as growth of gross national  product,  rate of inflation,  capital
reinvestment, resource self-sufficiency and balance of payments position.       

Legal remedies  available to investors in certain foreign  countries may be more
limited than those  available  with respect to investments in the US or in other
foreign  countries.  The laws of some  foreign  countries  may limit the  Fund's
ability to invest in securities of certain  issuers  organized under the laws of
those foreign countries.                                                        

Of particular  importance,  many foreign  countries are heavily  dependent  upon
exports,  particularly to developed countries,  and, accordingly,  have been and
may continue to be adversely affected by trade barriers,  managed adjustments in
relative currency values, and other protectionist measures imposed or negotiated
by the US and other  countries with which they trade.  These economies also have
been and may continue to be negatively impacted by economic conditions in the US
and other  trading  partners,  which can lower the demand for goods  produced in
those countries.                                                                

The  risks  described  above,   including  the  risks  of   nationalization   or
expropriation of assets,  typically are increased in connection with investments
in "emerging  markets." For example,  political and economic structures in these
countries may be in their infancy and developing rapidly, and such countries may
lack  the  social,  political  and  economic  stability  characteristic  of more
developed countries (including amplified risk of war and terrorism).  Certain of
these countries have in the past failed to recognize private property rights and
have at times  nationalized and  expropriated  the assets of private  companies.
Investments in emerging markets may be considered speculative.                  

The  currencies  of  certain   emerging   market   countries  have   experienced
devaluations  relative to the US dollar,  and future  devaluations may adversely
affect the value of assets denominated in such currencies. In addition, currency
hedging techniques may be unavailable in certain emerging market countries. Many
emerging  market  countries have  experienced  substantial,  and in some periods
extremely  high,  rates of  inflation or  deflation  for many years,  and future
inflation may adversely  affect the  economies  and  securities  markets of such
countries.                                                                      

In addition, unanticipated political or social developments may affect the value
of  investments  in  emerging   markets  and  the   availability  of  additional
investments  in these  markets.  Any change in the  leadership  or  politics  of
emerging  market  countries,  or  the  countries  that  exercise  a  significant
influence  over  those  countries,  may halt the  expansion  of or  reverse  the
liberalization of foreign investment policies now occurring and adversely affect
existing  investment  opportunities.  The small size, limited trading volume and
relative  inexperience  of the  securities  markets in these  countries may make
investments in securities  traded in emerging markets illiquid and more volatile
than investments in securities traded in more developed countries.  For example,
limited  market  size may cause  prices to be unduly  influenced  by traders who
control  large  positions.  In  addition,  the Fund may be required to establish
special custodial or other arrangements  before making investments in securities
traded  in  emerging  markets.  There  may be  little  financial  or  accounting
information available with respect to issuers of emerging market securities, and
it may be  difficult  as a  result  to  assess  the  value  of  prospects  of an
investment in such securities.                                                  

The risk  also  exists  that an  emergency  situation  may  arise in one or more
emerging  markets as a result of which trading of securities may cease or may be
substantially  curtailed and prices for a Fund's  securities in such markets may
not be readily  available.  A Fund may suspend  redemption of its shares for any
period during which an emergency exists,  as determined by the SEC.  Accordingly
if a Fund believes that appropriate circumstances exist, it may apply to the SEC
for a determination  that an emergency is present.  During the period commencing
from a Fund's identification of such condition until the date of the SEC action,
a Fund's  securities  in the  affected  markets  will be  valued  at fair  value
determined in good faith by or under the direction of a Fund's Board.           

Certain of the foregoing risks may also apply to some extent to securities of US
issuers that are denominated in foreign currencies or that are traded in foreign
markets, or securities of US issuers having significant foreign operations.     

8 

P-->497383rd Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 383rd
High Yield/High Risk Bonds. A Fund may also purchase,  to a limited extent, debt
securities which are rated below investment-grade (commonly referred to as "junk
bonds"),  that is,  rated  below Baa by Moody's or below BBB by S&P and  unrated
securities,  which usually  entail greater risk  (including  the  possibility of
default or  bankruptcy  of the issuers of such  securities),  generally  involve
greater  volatility of price and risk of principal  and income,  and may be less
liquid,  than securities in the higher rating categories.  The lower the ratings
of such debt  securities,  the  greater  their  risks  render  them like  equity
securities.  DWS  International  Fund  will  invest no more than 5% of its total
assets in  securities  rated BB or lower by Moody's or Ba by S&P, and may invest
in  securities  which are rated D by S&P. See the Appendix to this  Statement of
Additional  Information for a more complete  description of the ratings assigned
by ratings organizations and their respective characteristics.                  

High yield,  high-risk  securities are especially  subject to adverse changes in
general  economic  conditions,  to changes in the  financial  condition of their
issuers and to price  fluctuations  in response to changes in interest rates. An
economic  downturn could disrupt the high yield market and impair the ability of
issuers to repay  principal  and interest.  Also, an increase in interest  rates
would have a greater  adverse  impact on the value of such  obligations  than on
higher quality debt securities.  During an economic downturn or period of rising
interest rates,  highly leveraged  issues may experience  financial stress which
would  adversely  affect their ability to service  their  principal and interest
payment  obligations.  Prices and yields of high yield securities will fluctuate
over time and, during periods of economic uncertainty,  volatility of high yield
securities  may  adversely  affect  a  Fund's  net  asset  value.  In  addition,
investments  in high  yield  zero  coupon  or  pay-in-kind  bonds,  rather  than
income-bearing high yield securities, may be more speculative and may be subject
to greater fluctuations in value due to changes in interest rates.              

The  trading  market for high yield  securities  may be thin to the extent  that
there is no established retail secondary market. A thin trading market may limit
the ability of a Fund to accurately value high yield securities in its portfolio
and to dispose of those securities.  Adverse publicity and investor  perceptions
may decrease the values and liquidity of high yield securities. These securities
may also involve special registration  responsibilities,  liabilities and costs,
and liquidity and valuation difficulties.                                       

Credit  quality in the  high-yield  securities  market can change  suddenly  and
unexpectedly,  and even recently issued credit ratings may not fully reflect the
actual risks posed by a particular high-yield security. For these reasons, it is
the  policy  of the  Advisor  not to  rely  exclusively  on  ratings  issued  by
established credit rating agencies,  but to supplement such ratings with its own
independent and on-going  review of credit quality.  The achievement of a Fund's
investment  objective by investment in such  securities may be more dependent on
the Advisor's credit analysis than is the case for higher quality bonds.  Should
the rating of a portfolio  security be  downgraded,  the Advisor will  determine
whether  it is in the best  interests  of the Fund to retain or  dispose of such
security.                                                                       

Prices for below investment-grade  securities may be affected by legislative and
regulatory developments. For example, new federal rules require savings and loan
institutions  to  gradually  reduce  their  holdings  of this type of  security.
Congress has from time to time  considered  legislation  which would restrict or
eliminate the corporate tax deduction for interest  payments in these securities
and  regulate  corporate  restructurings.  Such  legislation  may  significantly
depress the prices of outstanding securities of this type.                      

Illiquid  Securities and Restricted  Securities.  A Fund may purchase securities
that are subject to legal or  contractual  restrictions  on resale  ("restricted
securities").  Generally  speaking,  restricted  securities  may be sold  (i) to
qualified  institutional buyers; (ii) in a privately negotiated transaction to a
limited number of purchasers;  (iii) in limited  quantities after they have been
held for a specified  period of time and other conditions are met pursuant to an
exemption  from  registration;  or  (iv)  in  a  public  offering  for  which  a
registration statement is in effect under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the "1933 Act").  Issuers of  restricted  securities  may not be subject to the
disclosure and other investor  protection  requirements that would be applicable
if their securities were publicly traded.                                       

Restricted  securities  are often  illiquid,  but they may also be  liquid.  For
example,  restricted securities that are eligible for resale under Rule 144A are
often deemed to be liquid.                                                      

The Funds' Boards have approved guidelines for use by the Advisor in determining
whether a security  is liquid or  illiquid.  Among the  factors  the Advisor may
consider in reaching  liquidity  decisions relating to Rule 144A securities     

9 

P-->497384th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 384th
are: (1) the frequency of trades and quotes for the security;  (2) the number of
dealers  wishing  to  purchase  or sell the  security  and the  number  of other
potential purchasers;  (3) dealer undertakings to make a market in the security;
and (4) the nature of the security and the nature of the market for the security
(i.e.,  the time  needed to dispose of the  security,  the method of  soliciting
offers,  and the mechanics of the transfer).  Where a registration  statement is
required for the resale of restricted securities, a Fund may be required to bear
all or  part  of  the  registration  expenses.  A Fund  may be  deemed  to be an
"underwriter" for purposes of the 1933 Act when selling restricted securities to
the  public  and,  in such  event,  a Fund may be liable to  purchasers  of such
securities if the  registration  statement  prepared by the issuer is materially
inaccurate or misleading.                                                       

A Fund may also purchase securities that are not subject to legal or contractual
restrictions  on resale,  but that are deemed  illiquid.  Such securities may be
illiquid, for example, because there is a limited trading market for them.      

A Fund may be unable to sell a restricted or illiquid security.  In addition, it
may be more  difficult to determine a market  value for  restricted  or illiquid
securities.  Moreover,  if adverse market  conditions were to develop during the
period between a Fund's  decision to sell a restricted or illiquid  security and
the point at which a Fund is permitted or able to sell such  security,  the Fund
might  obtain a price  less  favorable  than the price  that  prevailed  when it
decided to sell. This investment practice,  therefore,  could have the effect of
increasing the level of illiquidity of a Fund.                                  

Impact of Large  Redemptions  and  Purchases of Fund Shares.  From time to time,
shareholders  of a Fund  (which may  include  affiliated  and/or  non-affiliated
registered investment companies that invest in a Fund) may make relatively large
redemptions or purchases of Fund shares.  These transactions may cause a Fund to
have to sell securities or invest  additional cash, as the case may be. While it
is impossible  to predict the overall  impact of these  transactions  over time,
there could be adverse effects on a Fund's performance to the extent that a Fund
may be  required  to sell  securities  or invest cash at times when it would not
otherwise do so. These  transactions  could also  accelerate the  realization of
taxable  income if sales of securities  resulted in capital gains and could also
increase transaction costs, which may impact a Fund's expense ratio.            

IPO Risk.  Securities  issued  through  an  initial  public  offering  (IPO) can
experience an immediate drop in value if the demand for the securities  does not
continue to support the  offering  price.  Information  about the issuers of IPO
securities is also difficult to acquire since they are new to the market and may
not have lengthy operating histories. A Fund may engage in short-term trading in
connection  with its IPO  investments,  which could produce higher trading costs
and  adverse  tax  consequences.  The number of  securities  issued in an IPO is
limited,  so it is likely that IPO securities will represent a smaller component
of a Fund's  portfolio as a Fund's assets increase (and thus have a more limited
effect on a Fund's performance).                                                

Interfund  Borrowing  and Lending  Program.  The Funds have  received  exemptive
relief from the Securities and Exchange  Commission  ("SEC"),  which permits the
Funds to participate in an interfund  lending  program among certain  investment
companies  advised by the Advisor.  The  interfund  lending  program  allows the
participating  funds to  borrow  money  from and loan  money to each  other  for
temporary  or  emergency  purposes.  The  program  is  subject  to a  number  of
conditions  designed to ensure fair and equitable treatment of all participating
funds, including the following: (1) no Fund may borrow money through the program
unless it receives a more favorable  interest rate than a rate approximating the
lowest  interest  rate at which  bank  loans  would be  available  to any of the
participating  funds  under a loan  agreement;  and (2) no Fund may  lend  money
through  the  program  unless it  receives  a more  favorable  return  than that
available  from an  investment  in  repurchase  agreements  and,  to the  extent
applicable,  money  market  cash sweep  arrangements.  In  addition,  a Fund may
participate in the program only if and to the extent that such  participation is
consistent  with the Fund's  investment  objectives  and policies (for instance,
money market  funds would  normally  participate  only as lenders and tax exempt
funds only as borrowers).  Interfund loans and borrowings may extend  overnight,
but could  have a maximum  duration  of seven  days.  Loans may be called on one
day's notice. A Fund may have to borrow from a bank at a higher interest rate if
an interfund loan is called or not renewed.  Any delay in repayment to a lending
fund could result in a lost  investment  opportunity  or additional  costs.  The
program is subject to the  oversight  and  periodic  review of the Boards of the
participating  funds. To the extent the Funds are actually  engaged in borrowing
through the interfund lending program, the Funds, as a matter of non-fundamental
policy,  may not borrow for other than temporary or emergency  purposes (and not
for  leveraging),  except  that the  Funds  may  engage  in  reverse  repurchase
agreements and dollar rolls for any purpose.                                    

10

P-->497385th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 385th
Investment Company Securities. A Fund may acquire securities of other investment
companies to the extent consistent with its investment  objective and subject to
the limitations of the 1940 Act. A Fund will  indirectly bear its  proportionate
share of any management  fees and other  expenses paid by such other  investment
companies.                                                                      

For example,  a Fund may invest in a variety of investment  companies which seek
to track the  composition  and  performance  of  specific  indexes or a specific
portion of an index.  These  index-based  investments hold  substantially all of
their assets in securities representing their specific index.  Accordingly,  the
main risk of investing in index-based  investments is the same as investing in a
portfolio  of equity  securities  comprising  the index.  The  market  prices of
index-based  investments  will fluctuate in accordance  with both changes in the
market  value of their  underlying  portfolio  securities  and due to supply and
demand for the  instruments on the exchanges on which they are traded (which may
result in their  trading at a discount  or premium to their  NAVs).  Index-based
investments  may not replicate  exactly the performance of their specified index
because of  transaction  costs and because of the  temporary  unavailability  of
certain component securities of the index.                                      

Examples of index-based investments include:                                    

SPDRs(R):  SPDRs,  an acronym for "Standard & Poor's  Depositary  Receipts," are
based on the S&P 500  Composite  Stock Price Index.  They are issued by the SPDR
Trust,  a unit  investment  trust that  holds  shares of  substantially  all the
companies  in the S&P 500 in  substantially  the  same  weighting  and  seeks to
closely track the price performance and dividend yield of the Index.            

MidCap  SPDRs(R):  MidCap SPDRs are based on the S&P MidCap 400 Index.  They are
issued by the MidCap SPDR Trust, a unit investment  trust that holds a portfolio
of securities  consisting of  substantially  all of the common stocks in the S&P
MidCap 400 Index in substantially  the same weighting and seeks to closely track
the price performance and dividend yield of the Index.                          

Select Sector SPDRs(R):  Select Sector SPDRs are based on a particular sector or
group of  industries  that are  represented  by a specified  Select Sector Index
within the Standard & Poor's Composite Stock Price Index. They are issued by The
Select Sector SPDR Trust, an open-end  management  investment  company with nine
portfolios  that each seeks to closely track the price  performance and dividend
yield of a particular Select Sector Index.                                      

DIAMONDS(SM):  DIAMONDS are based on the Dow Jones Industrial Average(SM).  They
are issued by the DIAMONDS Trust, a unit investment trust that holds a portfolio
of all the component common stocks of the Dow Jones Industrial Average and seeks
to closely track the price performance and dividend yield of the Dow.           

Nasdaq-100 Shares: Nasdaq-100 Shares are based on the Nasdaq 100 Index. They are
issued by the Nasdaq-100  Trust, a unit investment  trust that holds a portfolio
consisting of substantially  all of the securities,  in  substantially  the same
weighting,  as the component stocks of the Nasdaq-100 Index and seeks to closely
track the price performance and dividend yield of the Index.                    

Investment-Grade Bonds. A Fund may purchase  "investment-grade" bonds, which are
those  rated Aaa,  Aa, A or Baa by  Moody's  or AAA,  AA, A or BBB by S&P or, if
unrated,  judged to be of  equivalent  quality  as  determined  by the  Advisor.
Moody's  considers  bonds it rates Baa to have  speculative  elements as well as
investment-grade  characteristics.   To  the  extent  that  a  Fund  invests  in
higher-grade   securities,   a  Fund  will  not  be  able  to  avail  itself  of
opportunities for higher income which may be available at lower grades.         

Investment of Uninvested  Cash  Balances.  The Funds may have cash balances that
have not been invested in portfolio securities  ("Uninvested Cash").  Uninvested
Cash may result  from a variety of  sources,  including  dividends  or  interest
received from portfolio securities, unsettled securities transactions,  reserves
held for investment strategy purposes, assets to cover a fund's open futures and
other derivatives positions,  scheduled maturity of investments,  liquidation of
investment securities to meet anticipated redemptions and dividend payments, and
new cash received from investors.  Uninvested  Cash may be invested  directly in
money market  instruments or other short-term debt  obligations.  A fund may use
Uninvested Cash to purchase shares of affiliated money market funds or shares of
Cash  Management  QP Trust,  or other  entities for which the Advisor may act as
investment  advisor  now  or in the  future  that  operate  as  cash  management
investment vehicles but are excluded from the definition of "investment company"

11

P-->497386th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 386th
pursuant  to  Section  3(c)(1) or  3(c)(7)  of the 1940 Act  (collectively,  the
"Central  Funds"),  provided  that any Central  Funds will operate in accordance
with Rule 2a-7 under the 1940 Act.  Investments in such cash management vehicles
may exceed the limits of Rule 12(d)(1)(A).                                      

Lending of Portfolio  Securities.  A Fund may lend its investment  securities to
approved institutional borrowers,  including those who need to borrow securities
in order  to  complete  certain  transactions,  such as  covering  short  sales,
avoiding failures to deliver securities or completing arbitrage  operations.  By
lending  its  investment  securities,  a  Fund  attempts  to  increase  its  net
investment  income through the receipt of interest on the loan. Any gain or loss
in the market price of the securities loaned that might occur during the term of
the loan would belong to a Fund. A Fund may lend its  investment  securities  so
long as the  terms,  structure  and the  aggregate  amount of such loans are not
inconsistent  with the 1940 Act or the rules and regulations or  interpretations
of the SEC thereunder,  which currently require that (a) the borrower pledge and
maintain  with the Fund  collateral  consisting of liquid,  unencumbered  assets
having a value at all times  not less  than 100% of the value of the  securities
loaned,  (b) the  borrower  add to such  collateral  whenever  the  price of the
securities  loaned  rises (i.e.,  the borrower  "marks to the market" on a daily
basis), (c) the loan be made subject to termination by the Fund at any time, and
(d) the Fund  receives  reasonable  interest  on the loan (which may include the
Fund investing any cash collateral in interest bearing short-term  investments),
and  distributions  on the loaned  securities  and any  increase in their market
value. There may be risks of delay in recovery of the securities or even loss of
rights in the collateral should the borrower of the securities fail financially.
However,  loans will be made only to  borrowers  selected  by a Fund's  delegate
after a  commercially  reasonable  review of relevant  facts and  circumstances,
including the creditworthiness of the borrower.                                 

At the  present  time,  the staff of the SEC does not  object  if an  investment
company pays reasonable negotiated fees in connection with loaned securities, so
long as such  fees are set  forth in a  written  contract  and  approved  by the
investment company's Board of Trustees/Directors. In addition, voting rights may
pass with the loaned  securities,  but if a material  event occurs  affecting an
investment on loan, the loan must be called and the securities  voted.  Pursuant
to an exemptive order granted by the SEC, cash collateral received by a Fund may
be  invested  in a money  market  fund  managed  by the  Advisor  (or one of its
affiliates).                                                                    

Micro-Cap Companies.  While, historically,  micro-capitalization  company stocks
have  outperformed  the stocks of large  companies,  the former have customarily
involved more investment risk as well.  There can be no assurance that this will
continue  to be true in the  future.  Micro-capitalization  companies  may  have
limited product lines, markets or financial resources; may lack management depth
or experience;  and may be more vulnerable to adverse general market or economic
developments than large companies.  The prices of  micro-capitalization  company
securities  are often more  volatile than prices  associated  with large company
issues,  and can display  abrupt or erratic  movements at times,  due to limited
trading volumes and less publicly available information.                        

Also,  because   micro-capitalization   companies  normally  have  fewer  shares
outstanding and these shares trade less frequently than large companies,  it may
be more difficult for a Fund to buy and sell significant  amounts of such shares
without an unfavorable impact on prevailing market prices.                      

Some of the companies in which a Fund may invest may distribute, sell or produce
products  which have recently been brought to market and may be dependent on key
personnel.  The  securities of  micro-capitalization  companies are often traded
over-the-counter  and may not be traded in the  volumes  typical  on a  national
securities exchange. Consequently, in order to sell this type of holding, a Fund
may need to  discount  the  securities  from  recent  prices or  dispose  of the
securities over a long period of time.                                          

Participation  Interests.  A  Fund  may  purchase  from  financial  institutions
participation   interests  in  securities   in  which  a  Fund  may  invest.   A
participation interest gives a Fund an undivided interest in the security in the
proportion that a Fund's participation interest bears to the principal amount of
the security.  These  instruments may have fixed,  floating or variable interest
rates,  with  remaining  maturities  of 397 days or less.  If the  participation
interest is unrated,  or has been given a rating below that which is permissible
for  purchase  by a  Fund,  the  participation  interest  will be  backed  by an
irrevocable  letter of credit or guarantee of a bank, or the payment  obligation
otherwise will be collateralized by US Government securities, or, in the case of
unrated  participation  interest,  determined by the Advisor to be of comparable
quality  to  those  instruments  in  which  a  Fund  may  invest.   For  certain
participation  interests,  a Fund will have the right to demand payment,  on not
more than  seven  days'  notice,  for all or any part of a                      

12

P-->497387th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 387th
Fund's  participation  interests in the security,  plus accrued interest.  As to
these  instruments,  a Fund  generally  intends to exercise  its right to demand
payment only upon a default under the terms of the security.                    

Privatized Enterprises. Investments in foreign securities may include securities
issued  by  enterprises   that  have  undergone  or  are  currently   undergoing
privatization.  The  governments of certain  foreign  countries have, to varying
degrees,  embarked on privatization  programs  contemplating  the sale of all or
part of their  interests  in state  enterprises.  A  Fund's  investments  in the
securities  of  privatized   enterprises   may  include   privately   negotiated
investments in a government or  state-owned or controlled  company or enterprise
that has not yet  conducted  an  initial  equity  offering,  investments  in the
initial  offering of equity  securities  of a state  enterprise  or former state
enterprise and investments in the securities of a state enterprise following its
initial equity offering.                                                        

In certain  jurisdictions,  the ability of foreign entities,  such as a Fund, to
participate in privatizations may be limited by local law, or the price or terms
on which a Fund may be able to  participate  may be less  advantageous  than for
local investors.  Moreover, there can be no assurance that governments that have
embarked on  privatization  programs will continue to divest their  ownership of
state  enterprises,  that  proposed  privatizations  will be  successful or that
governments will not re-nationalize enterprises that have been privatized.      

In the case of the  enterprises in which a Fund may invest,  large blocks of the
stock of those  enterprises may be held by a small group of  stockholders,  even
after  the  initial  equity  offerings  by those  enterprises.  The sale of some
portion or all of those blocks could have an adverse  effect on the price of the
stock of any such enterprise.                                                   

Prior to making an initial  equity  offering,  most state  enterprises or former
state  enterprises go through an internal  reorganization  or  management.  Such
reorganizations  are made in an attempt to better  enable these  enterprises  to
compete in the private sector. However,  certain reorganizations could result in
a  management  team  that does not  function  as well as an  enterprise's  prior
management and may have a negative effect on such enterprise.  In addition,  the
privatization  of an  enterprise  by its  government  may occur over a number of
years,  with the  government  continuing to hold a  controlling  position in the
enterprise even after the initial equity offering for the enterprise.           

Prior to privatization, most of the state enterprises in which a Fund may invest
enjoy the protection of and receive  preferential  treatment from the respective
sovereigns  that own or control them.  After making an initial equity  offering,
these   enterprises   may  no  longer  have  such  protection  or  receive  such
preferential  treatment and may become subject to market  competition from which
they were  previously  protected.  Some of these  enterprises may not be able to
operate  effectively in a competitive market and may suffer losses or experience
bankruptcy due to such competition.                                             

Real  Estate  Investment  Trusts  ("REITs").   REITs  are  sometimes  informally
characterized  as equity REITs,  mortgage REITs and hybrid REITs.  Investment in
REITs may subject a Fund to risks  associated with the direct  ownership of real
estate,  such  as  decreases  in real  estate  values,  overbuilding,  increased
competition  and other risks  related to local or general  economic  conditions,
increases  in  operating  costs and  property  taxes,  changes  in zoning  laws,
casualty or condemnation losses, possible environmental liabilities,  regulatory
limitations on rent and  fluctuations  in rental income.  Equity REITs generally
experience  these risks  directly  through fee or leasehold  interests,  whereas
mortgage REITs generally  experience  these risks  indirectly  through  mortgage
interests,  unless the mortgage REIT  forecloses on the underlying  real estate.
Changes in interest  rates may also affect the value of a Fund's  investment  in
REITs.  For  instance,  during  periods of  declining  interest  rates,  certain
mortgage REITs may hold mortgages  that the  mortgagors  elect to prepay,  which
prepayment may diminish the yield on securities issued by those REITs.          

Certain REITs have relatively  small market  capitalizations,  which may tend to
increase the  volatility of the market price of their  securities.  Furthermore,
REITs  are  dependent  upon   specialized   management   skills,   have  limited
diversification and are,  therefore,  subject to risks inherent in operating and
financing a limited  number of  projects.  REITs are also  subject to heavy cash
flow dependency, defaults by borrowers and the possibility of failing to qualify
for tax-free  pass-through of income under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
amended,   (the  "Code")  and  to  maintain   exemption  from  the  registration
requirements of the 1940 Act. By investing in REITs indirectly through a Fund, a
shareholder will bear not only his or her proportionate share of the expenses of
a Fund, but also, indirectly,                                                   

13

P-->497388th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 388th
similar  expenses of the REITs.  In addition,  REITs  depend  generally on their
ability to generate cash flow to make distributions to shareholders.            

Repurchase  Agreements.  A Fund may invest in repurchase  agreements pursuant to
its investment guidelines.  In a repurchase agreement, a Fund acquires ownership
of a security and simultaneously  commits to resell that security to the seller,
typically a bank or broker-dealer.  Some repurchase commitment  transactions may
not  provide  a Fund with  collateral  marked-to-market  during  the term of the
commitment.                                                                     

A repurchase  agreement  provides a means for a Fund to earn income on funds for
periods as short as overnight.  It is an  arrangement  under which the purchaser
(i.e., a Fund) acquires a security  ("Obligation") and the seller agrees, at the
time of sale,  to  repurchase  the  Obligation  at a  specified  time and price.
Securities  subject to a repurchase  agreement are held in a segregated  account
and the value of such securities kept at least equal to the repurchase  price on
a daily basis.  The repurchase  price may be higher than the purchase price, the
difference being income to a Fund, or the purchase and repurchase  prices may be
the  same,  with  interest  at a  stated  rate due to a Fund  together  with the
repurchase  price  upon  repurchase.  In either  case,  the  income to a Fund is
unrelated to the interest rate on the  Obligation  itself.  Obligations  will be
held by the Custodian or in the Federal Reserve Book Entry system.              

It is not clear  whether a court would  consider the  Obligation  purchased by a
Fund  subject to a  repurchase  agreement  as being  owned by a Fund or as being
collateral for a loan by a Fund to the seller.  In the event of the commencement
of  bankruptcy  or  insolvency  proceedings  with  respect  to the seller of the
Obligation before repurchase of the Obligation under a repurchase  agreement,  a
Fund may encounter delay and incur costs before being able to sell the security.
Delays may involve  loss of interest or decline in price of the  Obligation.  If
the court characterizes the transaction as a loan and a Fund has not perfected a
security  interest  in the  Obligation,  a Fund may be  required  to return  the
Obligation to the seller's estate and be treated as an unsecured creditor of the
seller. As an unsecured creditor,  a Fund would be at risk of losing some or all
of the principal and income involved in the  transaction.  As with any unsecured
debt instrument  purchased for a Fund, the Advisor seeks to minimize the risk of
loss through  repurchase  agreements  by analyzing the  creditworthiness  of the
obligor,  in this case the  seller  of the  Obligation.  Apart  from the risk of
bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings, there is also the risk that the seller may
fail to repurchase the Obligation,  in which case a Fund may incur a loss if the
proceeds  to a Fund of the sale to a third  party are less  than the  repurchase
price.  However, if the market value of the Obligation subject to the repurchase
agreement  becomes less than the repurchase price (including  interest),  a Fund
will direct the seller of the  Obligation  to deliver  additional  securities so
that the market value of all securities subject to the repurchase agreement will
equal or  exceed  the  repurchase  price.  It is  possible  that a Fund  will be
unsuccessful  in seeking to  enforce  the  seller's  contractual  obligation  to
deliver additional securities.                                                  

Reverse  Repurchase  Agreements.  A Fund  may  enter  into  "reverse  repurchase
agreements,"  which are repurchase  agreements in which a Fund, as the seller of
the  securities,  agrees to repurchase  them at an agreed upon time and price. A
Fund  maintains a segregated  account in  connection  with  outstanding  reverse
repurchase agreements. Reverse repurchase agreements are deemed to be borrowings
subject to a Fund's investment  restrictions applicable to that activity. A Fund
will enter into reverse  repurchase  agreements  only when the Advisor  believes
that the interest income to be earned from the investment of the proceeds of the
transaction will be greater than the interest  expense of the transaction.  Such
transactions  may  increase  fluctuation  in the market value of Fund assets and
their yields.                                                                   

Small Company  Risk.  The Advisor  believes  that many small  companies may have
sales and earnings growth rates which exceed those of larger companies, and that
such  growth  rates  may  in  turn  be  reflected  in  more  rapid  share  price
appreciation  over time.  However,  investing in smaller company stocks involves
greater risk than is  customarily  associated  with  investing  in larger,  more
established companies.  For example,  smaller companies can have limited product
lines,  markets,  or financial and managerial  resources.  Smaller companies may
also be dependent on one or a few key persons,  and may be more  susceptible  to
losses and risks of bankruptcy. Also, the securities of smaller companies may be
thinly traded (and  therefore  have to be sold at a discount from current market
prices or sold in small lots over an extended period of time). Transaction costs
in smaller company stocks may be higher than those of larger companies.         

14

P-->497389th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 389th
Strategic  Transactions  and  Derivatives.  A Fund may,  but is not required to,
utilize various other investment  strategies as described below for a variety of
purposes,  such as hedging various market risks, managing the effective maturity
or duration of the  fixed-income  securities in a Fund's  portfolio or enhancing
potential gain.  These  strategies may be executed through the use of derivative
contracts.                                                                      

In the course of pursuing these investment  strategies,  a Fund may purchase and
sell  exchange-listed and  over-the-counter  put and call options on securities,
equity and fixed-income indices and other instruments, purchase and sell futures
contracts and options thereon,  enter into various  transactions  such as swaps,
caps, floors, collars,  currency forward contracts,  currency futures contracts,
currency swaps or options on currencies,  or currency  futures and various other
currency  transactions  (collectively,  all  the  above  are  called  "Strategic
Transactions").  In addition, strategic transactions may also include additional
techniques,  instruments or strategies that are permitted as regulatory  changes
occur.  Strategic  Transactions  may be used without  limit  (subject to certain
limits imposed by the 1940 Act) to attempt to protect against  possible  changes
in the  market  value  of  securities  held in or to be  purchased  for a Fund's
portfolio   resulting  from  securities   markets  or  currency   exchange  rate
fluctuations, to protect a Fund's unrealized gains in the value of its portfolio
securities,  to facilitate the sale of such securities for investment  purposes,
to manage the effective maturity or duration of a Fund's portfolio, to establish
a position in the derivatives  markets as a substitute for purchasing or selling
particular securities or for any other purpose permitted by applicable law. Some
Strategic  Transactions  may also be used to enhance  potential gain although no
more  than  5% of a  Fund's  assets  will  be  committed  to  certain  Strategic
Transactions  entered  into  for  non-hedging  purposes.  Any or  all  of  these
investment techniques may be used at any time and in any combination,  and there
is no particular  strategy  that  dictates the use of one technique  rather than
another, as use of any Strategic Transaction is a function of numerous variables
including  market  conditions.  The ability of a Fund to utilize these Strategic
Transactions  successfully  will  depend on the  Advisor's  ability  to  predict
pertinent market movements, which cannot be assured. Strategic Transactions will
not be used to alter fundamental  investment  purposes and  characteristics of a
Fund.                                                                           

Strategic  Transactions,  including derivative contracts,  have risks associated
with them  including  possible  default by the other  party to the  transaction,
illiquidity and, to the extent the Advisor's view as to certain market movements
is incorrect,  the risk that the use of such Strategic Transactions could result
in losses  greater  than if they had not been used.  Use of put and call options
may  result  in  losses  to a Fund,  force  the sale or  purchase  of  portfolio
securities  at  inopportune  times or for prices higher than (in the case of put
options)  or lower than (in the case of call  options)  current  market  values,
limit the amount of  appreciation a Fund can realize on its investments or cause
a Fund  to  hold a  security  it  might  otherwise  sell.  The  use of  currency
transactions  can result in a Fund  incurring  losses as a result of a number of
factors   including  the   imposition  of  exchange   controls,   suspension  of
settlements,  or the inability to deliver or receive a specified  currency.  The
use of  options  and  futures  transactions  entails  certain  other  risks.  In
particular,  the  variable  degree of  correlation  between  price  movements of
futures  contracts and price  movements in the related  portfolio  position of a
Fund  creates  the  possibility  that losses on the  hedging  instrument  may be
greater than gains in the value of a Fund's position.  In addition,  futures and
options   markets   may  not  be  liquid  in  all   circumstances   and  certain
over-the-counter options may have no markets. As a result, in certain markets, a
Fund might not be able to close out a transaction without incurring  substantial
losses,  if at all.  Although  the use of futures and options  transactions  for
hedging  should tend to minimize  the risk of loss due to a decline in the value
of the hedged  position,  at the same time they tend to limit any potential gain
which might  result from an increase  in value of such  position.  Finally,  the
daily variation margin requirements for futures contracts would create a greater
ongoing  potential  financial  risk than would  purchases of options,  where the
exposure  is  limited  to the  cost  of the  initial  premium.  Other  Strategic
Transactions,  such as forward  contracts and swaps, are also subject to similar
risks. Losses resulting from the use of Strategic  Transactions would reduce net
asset  value,  and possibly  income,  and such losses can be greater than if the
Strategic Transactions had not been utilized.                                   

General  Characteristics of Options. Put options and call options typically have
similar structural  characteristics and operational  mechanics regardless of the
underlying  instrument on which they are purchased or sold.  Thus, the following
general  discussion relates to each of the particular types of options discussed
in greater  detail below.  In addition,  many Strategic  Transactions  involving
options  require  segregation of fund assets in special  accounts,  as described
below under "Use of Segregated and Other Special Accounts."                     

A put option gives the purchaser of the option,  upon payment of a premium,  the
right to sell, and the writer the  obligation to buy, the  underlying  security,
commodity,  index,  currency or other  instrument  at the  exercise  price.  For

15

P-->497390th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 390th
instance, the Fund's purchase of a put option on a security might be designed to
protect its holdings in the underlying  instrument (or, in some cases, a similar
instrument) against a substantial decline in the market value by giving the Fund
the right to sell such  instrument at the option  exercise price. A call option,
upon payment of a premium,  gives the  purchaser of the option the right to buy,
and the seller the obligation to sell, the underlying instrument at the exercise
price.  A Fund's  purchase  of a call option on a  security,  financial  future,
index,  currency  or other  instrument  might be  intended  to protect  the Fund
against an increase in the price of the underlying instrument that it intends to
purchase  in the  future  by  fixing  the  price at which it may  purchase  such
instrument.  An American  style put or call option may be  exercised at any time
during  the  option  period  while a  European  style put or call  option may be
exercised only upon expiration or during a fixed period prior thereto. A Fund is
authorized to purchase and sell  exchange  listed  options and  over-the-counter
options  ("OTC  options").  Exchange  listed  options  are issued by a regulated
intermediary such as the Options Clearing Corporation ("OCC"),  which guarantees
the  performance  of the  obligations  of  the  parties  to  such  options.  The
discussion  below uses the OCC as an example,  but is also  applicable  to other
financial intermediaries.                                                       

Index options and Eurodollar instruments are cash settled for the net amount, if
any,  by which  the  option  is  "in-the-money"  (i.e.,  where  the value of the
underlying instrument exceeds, in the case of a call option, or is less than, in
the case of a put  option,  the  exercise  price of the  option) at the time the
option is exercised.  Frequently,  rather than taking or making  delivery of the
underlying  instrument  through the  process of  exercising  the option,  listed
options are closed by entering  into  offsetting  purchase or sale  transactions
that do not result in ownership of the new option.                              

A Fund's ability to close out its position as a purchaser or seller of an OCC or
exchange listed put or call option is dependent,  in part, upon the liquidity of
the option market. Among the possible reasons for the absence of a liquid option
market on an exchange are: (i) insufficient trading interest in certain options;
(ii) restrictions on transactions  imposed by an exchange;  (iii) trading halts,
suspensions or other restrictions  imposed with respect to particular classes or
series of  options or  underlying  securities  including  reaching  daily  price
limits;  (iv)  interruption of the normal  operations of the OCC or an exchange;
(v) inadequacy of the facilities of an exchange or OCC to handle current trading
volume;  or (vi) a decision by one or more exchanges to discontinue  the trading
of options  (or a  particular  class or series of  options),  in which event the
relevant market for that option on that exchange would cease to exist,  although
outstanding  options on that exchange would generally continue to be exercisable
in accordance with their terms.                                                 

The hours of trading for listed  options may not coincide  with the hours during
which the underlying  financial  instruments are traded.  To the extent that the
option   markets  close  before  the  markets  for  the   underlying   financial
instruments,  significant  price  and  rate  movements  can  take  place  in the
underlying markets that cannot be reflected in the option markets.              

OTC  options  are  purchased  from  or  sold to  securities  dealers,  financial
institutions  or  other  parties  ("Counterparties")  through  direct  bilateral
agreement with the Counterparty.  In contrast to exchange listed options,  which
generally have standardized terms and performance mechanics, all the terms of an
OTC option, including such terms as method of settlement,  term, exercise price,
premium,  guarantees and security, are set by negotiation of the parties. A Fund
will only sell OTC options (other than OTC currency options) that are subject to
a buy-back  provision  permitting a Fund to require the Counterparty to sell the
option  back to a Fund at a formula  price  within  seven days.  A Fund  expects
generally  to enter  into OTC  options  that  have cash  settlement  provisions,
although it is not required to do so.                                           

Unless the  parties  provide  for it,  there is no central  clearing or guaranty
function in an OTC option.  As a result,  if the  Counterparty  fails to make or
take delivery of the security,  currency or other  instrument  underlying an OTC
option  it has  entered  into  with a Fund or  fails  to make a cash  settlement
payment due in  accordance  with the terms of that option,  a Fund will lose any
premium  it paid  for the  option  as well  as any  anticipated  benefit  of the
transaction.  Accordingly,  the Advisor must assess the creditworthiness of each
such Counterparty or any guarantor or credit  enhancement of the  Counterparty's
credit to  determine  the  likelihood  that the terms of the OTC option  will be
satisfied.  The  Fund  will  engage  in OTC  option  transactions  only  with US
government securities dealers recognized by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York
as "primary  dealers"  or  broker-dealers,  domestic  or foreign  banks or other
financial  institutions which have received (or the guarantors of the obligation
of which have  received) a short-term  credit rating of A-1 from S&P or P-1 from
Moody's or an  equivalent  rating  from any  nationally  recognized             

16

P-->497391st Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 391st
statistical  rating  organization  ("NRSRO")  or,  in the  case of OTC  currency
transactions,  are determined to be of equivalent credit quality by the Advisor.
The staff of the SEC currently takes the position that OTC options  purchased by
a Fund, and portfolio  securities  "covering" the amount of a Fund's  obligation
pursuant  to an OTC  option  sold by it  (the  cost of the  sell-back  plus  the
in-the-money  amount,  if  any)  are  illiquid,  and  are  subject  to a  Fund's
limitation  on  investing  no  more  than  15% of its  net  assets  in  illiquid
securities.                                                                     

If a Fund sells a call  option,  the  premium  that it  receives  may serve as a
partial hedge,  to the extent of the option  premium,  against a decrease in the
value of the  underlying  securities  or  instruments  in its  portfolio or will
increase a Fund's income. The sale of put options can also provide income.      

A Fund may purchase and sell call  options on  securities  including US Treasury
and agency  securities,  mortgage-backed  securities,  foreign  sovereign  debt,
corporate debt securities,  equity securities (including convertible securities)
and  Eurodollar  instruments  that  are  traded  on US  and  foreign  securities
exchanges  and in the  over-the-counter  markets,  and  on  securities  indices,
currencies  and futures  contracts.  All calls sold by a Fund must be  "covered"
(i.e., a Fund must own the securities or futures  contract  subject to the call)
or must meet the asset segregation  requirements  described below as long as the
call is outstanding.  Even though a Fund will receive the option premium to help
protect it against  loss, a call sold by a Fund exposes the Fund during the term
of the option to possible loss of  opportunity  to realize  appreciation  in the
market price of the underlying  security or instrument and may require a Fund to
hold a security or instrument which it might otherwise have sold.               

A Fund may purchase and sell put options on securities including US Treasury and
agency securities, mortgage-backed securities, foreign sovereign debt, corporate
debt  securities,  equity  securities  (including  convertible  securities)  and
Eurodollar  instruments  (whether  or not it holds the above  securities  in its
portfolio),  and on securities  indices,  currencies and futures contracts other
than futures on individual  corporate debt and individual equity  securities.  A
Fund will not sell put  options  if, as a  result,  more than 50% of the  Fund's
total  assets  would  be  required  to be  segregated  to  cover  its  potential
obligations  under such put options other than those with respect to futures and
options  thereon.  In selling  put  options,  there is a risk that a Fund may be
required to buy the  underlying  security at a  disadvantageous  price above the
market price.                                                                   

General  Characteristics  of Futures. A Fund may enter into futures contracts or
purchase  or sell  put and  call  options  on such  futures  as a hedge  against
anticipated  interest rate, currency or equity market changes,  and for duration
management,  risk  management  and  return  enhancement  purposes.  Futures  are
generally  bought and sold on the  commodities  exchanges  where they are listed
with payment of initial and variation  margin as described  below. The sale of a
futures  contract  creates a firm  obligation  by the seller,  to deliver to the
buyer the specific type of financial  instrument called for in the contract at a
specific  future  time for a  specified  price  (or,  with  respect  to  certain
instruments,  such as index  futures and  Eurodollar  instruments,  the net cash
amount)  and a firm  obligation  by the buyer to deliver  the  specified  price.
Options on futures contracts are similar to options on securities except that an
option on a futures  contract  gives the  purchaser  the right in return for the
premium paid to assume a position in a futures contract and obligates the seller
to deliver such position.                                                       

The Funds have claimed exclusion from the definition of the term "commodity pool
operator" under the Commodity Exchange Act. Therefore, the Funds are not subject
to commodity  pool  operator  registration  and  regulation  under the Commodity
Exchange  Act.  Futures and options on futures may be entered into for bona fide
hedging,  risk management (including duration management) or other portfolio and
return  enhancement  management  purposes.  Typically,   maintaining  a  futures
contract  or  selling  an  option  thereon  requires  a Fund to  deposit  with a
financial  intermediary  as security  for its  obligations  an amount of cash or
other specified  assets (initial  margin) which initially is typically 1% to 10%
of the face amount of the  contract  (but may be higher in some  circumstances).
Additional  cash or assets  (variation  margin) may be required to be  deposited
thereafter  on a  daily  basis  as the  mark to  market  value  of the  contract
fluctuates. The purchase of an option on financial futures involves payment of a
premium for the option without any further  obligation on the part of a Fund. If
a Fund  exercises  an option on a futures  contract it will be obligated to post
initial margin (and  potential  subsequent  variation  margin) for the resulting
futures  position  just as it would  for any  position.  Futures  contracts  and
options thereon are generally settled by entering into an offsetting transaction
but  there  can be no  assurance  that  the  position  can be  offset  prior  to
settlement at an advantageous price, nor that delivery will occur.              

17

P-->497392nd Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 392nd
Options on  Securities  Indices  and Other  Financial  Indices.  A Fund also may
purchase and sell call and put options on securities indices and other financial
indices and in so doing can achieve many of the same objectives it would achieve
through  the sale or  purchase  of options  on  individual  securities  or other
instruments.  Options on  securities  indices  and other  financial  indices are
similar to options on a security or other  instrument  except that,  rather than
settling by physical delivery of the underlying instrument,  they settle by cash
settlement,  i.e.,  an option on an index gives the holder the right to receive,
upon exercise of the option, an amount of cash if the closing level of the index
upon which the option is based exceeds,  in the case of a call, or is less than,
in the case of a put, the exercise  price of the option  (except if, in the case
of an OTC option, physical delivery is specified).  This amount of cash is equal
to the excess of the closing  price of the index over the exercise  price of the
option,  which  also may be  multiplied  by a formula  value.  The seller of the
option is  obligated,  in return for the premium  received,  to make delivery of
this  amount.  The  gain or loss on an  option  on an  index  depends  on  price
movements in the instruments making up the market,  market segment,  industry or
other  composite  on which the  underlying  index is based,  rather  than  price
movements in  individual  securities,  as is the case with respect to options on
securities.                                                                     

Currency  Transactions.   A  Fund  may  engage  in  currency  transactions  with
counterparties  primarily in order to hedge,  or manage the risk of the value of
portfolio holdings denominated in particular  currencies against fluctuations in
relative  value.  Currency  transactions  include  forward  currency  contracts,
exchange listed currency futures, exchange listed and OTC options on currencies,
and currency swaps. A forward currency contract involves a privately  negotiated
obligation  to purchase or sell (with  delivery  generally  required) a specific
currency at a future  date,  which may be any fixed number of days from the date
of the contract  agreed upon by the  parties,  at a price set at the time of the
contract.  A currency  swap is an agreement to exchange  cash flows based on the
notional  difference  among two or more currencies and operates  similarly to an
interest  rate swap,  which is described  below.  A Fund may enter into currency
transactions with  counterparties  which have received (or the guarantors of the
obligations  which  have  received)  a  credit  rating  of  A-1 or P-1 by S&P or
Moody's, respectively, or that have an equivalent rating from a NRSRO or (except
for OTC currency  options) are determined to be of equivalent  credit quality by
the Advisor.                                                                    

A Fund's dealings in forward currency contracts and other currency  transactions
such as futures, options, options on futures and swaps generally will be limited
to hedging involving either specific  transactions or portfolio positions except
as described below.  Transaction hedging is entering into a currency transaction
with respect to specific  assets or liabilities of a Fund,  which will generally
arise in connection with the purchase or sale of its portfolio securities or the
receipt  of income  therefrom.  Position  hedging  is  entering  into a currency
transaction  with  respect  to  portfolio  security  positions   denominated  or
generally quoted in that currency.                                              

A Fund generally will not enter into a transaction to hedge currency exposure to
an extent greater,  after netting all transactions  intended wholly or partially
to offset other  transactions,  than the aggregate  market value (at the time of
entering into the  transaction) of the securities held in its portfolio that are
denominated or generally quoted in or currently  convertible into such currency,
other than with respect to proxy hedging or cross hedging as described below, as
applicable.                                                                     

A Fund may also cross-hedge currencies by entering into transactions to purchase
or sell one or more currencies that are expected to decline in value relative to
other  currencies  to  which  a Fund  has or in  which  a Fund  expects  to have
portfolio exposure.                                                             

To reduce  the  effect of  currency  fluctuations  on the value of  existing  or
anticipated  holdings of portfolio  securities,  a Fund may also engage in proxy
hedging.  Proxy  hedging  is  often  used  when the  currency  to which a Fund's
portfolio is exposed is  difficult  to hedge or to hedge  against the US dollar.
Proxy  hedging  entails  entering into a commitment or option to sell a currency
whose changes in value are  generally  considered to be correlated to a currency
or currencies in which some or all of a Fund's  portfolio  securities are or are
expected  to be  denominated,  in  exchange  for US  dollars.  The amount of the
commitment  or  option  would  not  exceed  the  value  of a  Fund's  securities
denominated in correlated currencies. Currency hedging involves some of the same
risks  and  considerations  as  other  transactions  with  similar  instruments.
Currency  transactions  can  result in losses  to a Fund if the  currency  being
hedged  fluctuates  in  value  to  a  degree  or  in a  direction  that  is  not
anticipated.  Further,  there is the risk that the perceived correlation between
various  currencies  may  not be  present  or  may  not be  present  during  the
particular time                                                                 

18

P-->497393rd Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 393rd
that a Fund is  engaging  in proxy  hedging.  If a Fund  enters  into a currency
hedging   transaction,   the  Fund  will  comply  with  the  asset   segregation
requirements described below.                                                   

Risks of  Currency  Transactions.  Currency  transactions  are  subject to risks
different from those of other portfolio  transactions.  Because currency control
is of great  importance  to the  issuing  governments  and  influences  economic
planning and policy, purchases and sales of currency and related instruments can
be  negatively  affected  by  government  exchange  controls,   blockages,   and
manipulations or exchange restrictions imposed by governments.  These can result
in losses to a Fund if it is unable to deliver or receive  currency  or funds in
settlement of obligations  and could also cause hedges it has entered into to be
rendered  useless,  resulting  in full  currency  exposure as well as  incurring
transaction  costs.  Buyers and sellers of  currency  futures are subject to the
same risks that apply to the use of futures generally.  Further, settlement of a
currency  futures  contract for the purchase of most  currencies must occur at a
bank  based in the  issuing  nation.  Trading  options  on  currency  futures is
relatively  new,  and the ability to establish  and close out  positions on such
options is subject to the maintenance of a liquid market which may not always be
available.  Currency  exchange rates may fluctuate based on factors extrinsic to
that country's economy.                                                         

Risks of Strategic  Transactions  Outside the US. When conducted outside the US,
Strategic  Transactions may not be regulated as rigorously as in the US, may not
involve a clearing mechanism and related guarantees, and are subject to the risk
of  governmental  actions  affecting  trading  in,  or the  prices  of,  foreign
securities,  currencies and other instruments.  The value of such positions also
could be adversely affected by: (i) other complex foreign  political,  legal and
economic  factors,  (ii) lesser  availability than in the US of data on which to
make trading  decisions,  (iii) delays in a Fund's  ability to act upon economic
events  occurring in foreign markets during  non-business  hours in the US, (iv)
the  imposition of different  exercise and  settlement  terms and procedures and
margin requirements than in the US, and (v) lower trading volume and liquidity. 

Swaps, Caps, Floors and Collars.  Among the Strategic  Transactions into which a
Fund may enter  are  interest  rate,  currency,  index  and other  swaps and the
purchase or sale of related  caps,  floors and collars.  A Fund expects to enter
into these transactions primarily to preserve a return or spread on a particular
investment,  portion of its portfolio, to protect against currency fluctuations,
as a duration  management  technique  or to protect  against any increase in the
price of securities a Fund anticipates  purchasing at a later date or to enhance
returns. A Fund will not sell interest rate caps or floors where it does not own
securities  or  other  instruments  providing  the  income  stream a Fund may be
obligated  to pay.  Interest  rate swaps  involve  the  exchange  by a Fund with
another party of their respective commitments to pay or receive interest,  e.g.,
an exchange of floating  rate payments for fixed rate payments with respect to a
notional  amount of principal.  A currency swap is an agreement to exchange cash
flows on a notional amount of two or more currencies based on the relative value
differential  among them and an index swap is an agreement to swap cash flows on
a notional amount based on changes in the values of the reference  indices.  The
purchase  of a cap  entitles  the  purchaser  to receive  payments on a notional
principal  amount from the party selling such cap to the extent that a specified
index exceeds a predetermined  interest rate or amount.  The purchase of a floor
entitles the purchaser to receive  payments on a notional  principal amount from
the party selling such floor to the extent that a specified  index falls below a
predetermined  interest rate or amount. A collar is a combination of a cap and a
floor that preserves a certain return within a  predetermined  range of interest
rates or values.                                                                

Use of Segregated and Other Special Accounts. Most Strategic  Transactions,  and
certain other instruments (such as reverse repurchase  agreements,  dollar rolls
and when-issued securities),  expose the Fund to an obligation to another party.
The Fund will comply with SEC  guidelines  regarding  cover for these  Strategic
Transactions  and instruments and will, if the guidelines so require,  segregate
on its books cash or liquid assets in the prescribed amount as determined daily.
The Fund may also enter into offsetting  transactions or own positions  covering
its  obligations.  Although  this SAI  describes  certain  permitted  methods of
segregating assets or otherwise "covering" such transactions for these purposes,
such  descriptions  are not intended to be  exhaustive.  The Fund may cover such
transactions  using other methods currently or in the future permitted under the
1940 Act,  the rules and  regulations  thereunder,  or orders  issued by the SEC
thereunder. For these purposes, interpretations and guidance provided by the SEC
staff may be taken into  account  when deemed  appropriate  by the Fund.  To the
extent that a Fund covers its commitment  under Strategic  Transactions and such
other  instruments,  including by segregation  of liquid  assets,  entering into
offsetting  transactions  or owning  positions  covering its  obligations,  such
Strategic  Transactions  and  instruments  will  not  be  considered  a  "senior
security"  by the  Fund and  therefore  will not be  subject  to the 300%  asset
coverage requirement otherwise applicable to borrowings by the Fund.            

19

P-->497394th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 394th
Assets  used as cover  cannot be sold while the  position  in the  corresponding
Strategic Transaction or other such instrument is open, unless they are replaced
with other appropriate assets. As a result, the commitment of a large portion of
the Fund's assets to cover in accounts could impede portfolio  management or the
Fund's ability to meet redemption requests or other current obligations.        

Combined Transactions.  A Fund may enter into multiple  transactions,  including
multiple options transactions,  multiple futures transactions, multiple currency
transactions  (including forward currency  contracts) and multiple interest rate
transactions and any combination of futures, options, currency and interest rate
transactions   ("component"   transactions),   instead  of  a  single  Strategic
Transaction,  as part of a single or combined  strategy  when, in the opinion of
the  Advisor,  it is in the best  interests  of the  Fund to do so.  A  combined
transaction  will usually  contain  elements of risk that are present in each of
its component transactions.  Although combined transactions are normally entered
into based on the Advisor's  judgment that the combined  strategies  will reduce
risk or otherwise  more  effectively  achieve the desired  portfolio  management
goal, it is possible that the  combination  will instead  increase such risks or
hinder achievement of the portfolio management objective.                       

Supranational Entities.  Supranational entities are international  organizations
designated   or  supported  by   governmental   entities  to  promote   economic
reconstruction or development and international banking institutions and related
government agencies.  Examples include the International Bank for Reconstruction
and Development  (the World Bank),  the European Coal and Steel  Community,  The
Asian  Development Bank and the InterAmerican  Development Bank.  Obligations of
supranational  entities  are  backed  by the  guarantee  of one or more  foreign
governmental parties which sponsor the entity.                                  

Trust Preferred  Securities.  A Fund may invest in Trust  Preferred  Securities,
which are hybrid  instruments  issued by a special  purpose  trust (the "Special
Trust"),  the entire equity  interest of which is owned by a single issuer.  The
proceeds of the issuance to a Fund of Trust  Preferred  Securities are typically
used to purchase a junior  subordinated  debenture,  and distributions  from the
Special  Trust are funded by the  payments  of  principal  and  interest  on the
subordinated debenture.                                                         
If payments on the underlying junior subordinated debentures held by the Special
Trust are deferred by the debenture  issuer,  the debentures would be treated as
original issue discount ("OID")  obligations for the remainder of their term. As
a  result,  holders  of Trust  Preferred  Securities,  such as a Fund,  would be
required to accrue  daily for  Federal  income tax  purposes  their share of the
stated interest and the de minimis OID on the debentures  (regardless of whether
a Fund receives any cash distributions from the Special Trust), and the value of
Trust  Preferred  Securities  would  likely  be  negatively  affected.  Interest
payments on the underlying junior subordinated  debentures typically may only be
deferred if dividends are  suspended on both common and  preferred  stock of the
issuer. The underlying junior  subordinated  debentures  generally rank slightly
higher in terms of payment priority than both common and preferred securities of
the issuer,  but rank below other  subordinated  debentures and debt securities.
Trust Preferred  Securities may be subject to mandatory prepayment under certain
circumstances.  The  market  values of Trust  Preferred  Securities  may be more
volatile than those of conventional debt securities.  Trust Preferred Securities
may be issued in reliance on Rule 144A under the 1933 Act, and, unless and until
registered,  are  restricted  securities;  there can be no  assurance  as to the
liquidity  of Trust  Preferred  Securities  and the  ability of holders of Trust
Preferred Securities, such as a Fund, to sell their holdings.                   

US   Government   Securities.   There   are   two   broad   categories   of   US
Government-related debt instruments:  (a) direct obligations of the US Treasury,
and (b) securities issued or guaranteed by US Government agencies.              

Examples of direct  obligations  of the US Treasury are Treasury  Bills,  Notes,
Bonds and other debt securities issued by the US Treasury. These instruments are
backed  by the  "full  faith and  credit"  of the  United  States.  They  differ
primarily in interest rates, the length of maturities and the dates of issuance.
Treasury bills have original maturities of one year or less. Treasury notes have
original  maturities  of one to ten  years and  Treasury  bonds  generally  have
original maturities of greater than ten years.                                  

Some  agency  securities  are  backed by the full faith and credit of the United
States (such as Maritime Administration Title XI Ship Financing Bonds and Agency
for  International  Development  Housing Guarantee Program Bonds) and others are
backed only by the rights of the issuer to borrow from the US Treasury  (such as
Federal Home Loan Bank                                                          

20

P-->497395th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 395th
Bonds and Federal National Mortgage Association Bonds), while still others, such
as the  securities of the Federal Farm Credit Bank,  are  supported  only by the
credit of the issuer. With respect to securities supported only by the credit of
the issuing  agency or by an  additional  line of credit  with the US  Treasury,
there is no  guarantee  that the US  Government  will  provide  support  to such
agencies and such securities may involve risk of loss of principal and interest.

US Government  Securities  may include "zero coupon"  securities  that have been
stripped  by  the  US  Government  of  their  unmatured   interest  coupons  and
collateralized  obligations  issued or guaranteed  by a US Government  agency or
instrumentality.                                                                

Interest rates on US Government  obligations may be fixed or variable.  Interest
rates on variable rate obligations are adjusted at regular  intervals,  at least
annually,  according to a formula  reflecting  then current  specified  standard
rates, such as 91-day US Treasury bill rates.  These adjustments  generally tend
to reduce fluctuations in the market value of the securities.                   

The government  guarantee of the US Government  Securities in a Fund's portfolio
does not guarantee the net asset value of the shares of a Fund. There are market
risks  inherent in all  investments in securities and the value of an investment
in a Fund will  fluctuate  over time.  Normally,  the value of investments in US
Government  Securities  varies  inversely  with changes in interest  rates.  For
example,  as  interest  rates  rise the value of  investments  in US  Government
Securities  will tend to  decline,  and as  interest  rates  fall the value of a
Fund's  investments  will tend to  increase.  In  addition,  the  potential  for
appreciation  in the event of a decline  in  interest  rates may be  limited  or
negated   by   increased   principal   prepayments   with   respect  to  certain
Mortgage-Backed  Securities,  such as  GNMA  Certificates.  Prepayments  of high
interest  rate  Mortgage-Backed  Securities  during times of declining  interest
rates will tend to lower the return of a Fund and may even result in losses to a
Fund if some securities were acquired at a premium.  Moreover, during periods of
rising interest rates,  prepayments of  Mortgage-Backed  Securities may decline,
resulting in the extension of a Fund's average portfolio maturity.  As a result,
a Fund's portfolio may experience  greater  volatility  during periods of rising
interest rates than under normal market conditions.                             

Warrants.  The holder of a warrant has the right, until the warrant expires,  to
purchase a given number of shares of a particular  issuer at a specified  price.
Such  investments  can  provide a greater  potential  for profit or loss than an
equivalent  investment  in the  underlying  security.  Prices of warrants do not
necessarily  move in  tandem  with  the  prices  of the  underlying  securities,
however, and are, therefore, considered speculative investments. Warrants pay no
dividends and confer no rights other than a purchase option.  Thus, if a warrant
held by a Fund were not  exercised by the date of its  expiration,  a Fund would
lose the entire purchase price of the warrant.                                  

When-Issued Securities. Each Fund may from time to time purchase equity and debt
securities on a "when-issued," "delayed  delivery" or "forward delivery" basis.
The price of such securities, which may be expressed in yield terms, is fixed at
the time the  commitment  to purchase is made,  but delivery and payment for the
securities  takes place at a later date.  During the period between purchase and
settlement, no payment is made by the Fund to the issuer and no interest accrues
to the Fund. When the Fund purchases such securities, it immediately assumes the
risks of ownership, including the risk of price fluctuation.  Failure to deliver
a security purchased on this basis may result in a loss or missed opportunity to
make an alternative investment.                                                 

To the extent that assets of the Fund are held in cash pending the settlement of
a purchase of securities,  the Fund would earn no income.  While such securities
may be sold prior to the settlement date, the Fund intends to purchase them with
the  purpose of actually  acquiring  them unless a sale  appears  desirable  for
investment  reasons.  At the time the Fund makes the  commitment  to  purchase a
security on this basis,  it will record the transaction and reflect the value of
the  security  in  determining  its net asset  value.  The  market  value of the
securities may be more or less than the purchase price.                         

Zero Coupon Securities. A Fund may invest in zero coupon securities which pay no
cash income and are sold at substantial  discounts from their value at maturity.
When held to  maturity,  their  entire  income,  which  consists of accretion of
discount,  comes from the difference  between the issue price and their value at
maturity.   Zero  coupon   securities   are  subject  to  greater  market  value
fluctuations  from changing  interest rates than debt  obligations of comparable
maturities  which make current  distributions  of interest  (cash).  Zero coupon
securities  which are                                                           

21

P-->497396th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 396th
convertible into common stock offer the opportunity for capital  appreciation as
increases (or decreases) in market value of such securities  closely follows the
movements  in the market  value of the  underlying  common  stock.  Zero  coupon
convertible  securities  generally  are  expected to be less  volatile  than the
underlying common stocks, as they usually are issued with maturities of 15 years
or less and are issued with options and/or  redemption  features  exercisable by
the holder of the  obligation  entitling the holder to redeem the obligation and
receive a defined cash payment.                                                 

Zero coupon  securities  include  securities issued directly by the US Treasury,
and US Treasury bonds or notes and their unmatured interest coupons and receipts
for their underlying  principal  ("coupons")  which have been separated by their
holder,  typically a custodian bank or investment  brokerage firm. A holder will
separate the interest  coupons from the  underlying  principal (the "corpus") of
the US Treasury  security.  A number of securities firms and banks have stripped
the interest  coupons and  receipts  and then resold them in  custodial  receipt
programs with a number of different  names,  including  "Treasury  Income Growth
Receipts" (TIGRS(TM)) and Certificate of Accrual on Treasuries  (CATS(TM)).  The
underlying US Treasury bonds and notes themselves are held in book-entry form at
the  Federal  Reserve  Bank  or,  in  the  case  of  bearer   securities  (i.e.,
unregistered  securities  which are  owned  ostensibly  by the  bearer or holder
thereof), in trust on behalf of the owners thereof.  Counsel to the underwriters
of these  certificates  or  other  evidences  of  ownership  of the US  Treasury
securities have stated that, for federal tax and securities  purposes,  in their
opinion  purchasers of such  certificates,  such as a Fund,  most likely will be
deemed the beneficial holder of the underlying US Government securities.  A Fund
understands  that the staff of the Division of Investment  Management of the SEC
no longer  considers  such  privately  stripped  obligations to be US Government
securities,  as defined in the 1940 Act; therefore,  a Fund intends to adhere to
this staff position and will not treat such privately stripped obligations to be
US  Government   securities  for  the  purpose  of  determining  if  a  Fund  is
"diversified" under the 1940 Act.                                               

The US Treasury has facilitated transfers of ownership of zero coupon securities
by accounting  separately  for the beneficial  ownership of particular  interest
coupon and corpus  payments on Treasury  securities  through the Federal Reserve
book-entry record keeping system.  The Federal Reserve program as established by
the Treasury  Department is known as "STRIPS" or "Separate Trading of Registered
Interest and Principal of Securities."  Under the STRIPS program, a Fund will be
able  to have  its  beneficial  ownership  of zero  coupon  securities  recorded
directly  in the  book-entry  record-keeping  system  in lieu of  having to hold
certificates  or other  evidences  of ownership  of the  underlying  US Treasury
securities.                                                                     

When US Treasury  obligations  have been  stripped of their  unmatured  interest
coupons  by the  holder,  the  principal  or corpus  is sold at a deep  discount
because the buyer  receives  only the right to receive a future fixed payment on
the  security  and does not  receive  any  rights to  periodic  interest  (cash)
payments.  Once  stripped  or  separated,  the  corpus and  coupons  may be sold
separately.  Typically,  the coupons are sold  separately  or grouped with other
coupons with like  maturity  dates and sold bundled in such form.  Purchasers of
stripped  obligations   acquire,  in  effect,   discount  obligations  that  are
economically  identical to the zero coupon  securities  that the Treasury  sells
itself.                                                                         

Portfolio Holdings Information                                                  

In addition to the public disclosure of Fund portfolio holdings through required
Securities and Exchange  Commission  ("SEC") quarterly  filings, a Fund may make
its portfolio holdings information publicly available on the DWS Funds' Web site
as  described  in  each  Fund's  prospectus.  Each  Fund  does  not  disseminate
non-public  information  about  portfolio  holdings  except in  accordance  with
policies and procedures adopted by each Fund.                                   

Each Fund's procedures permit non-public  portfolio  holdings  information to be
shared with Deutsche Asset Management and its affiliates  (collectively "DeAM"),
subadvisors, if any, custodians, independent registered public accounting firms,
attorneys,   officers  and  trustees/directors  and  each  of  their  respective
affiliates and advisers who require access to this  information to fulfill their
duties to each Fund and are subject to the duties of confidentiality,  including
the duty not to trade on non-public information,  imposed by law or contract, or
by each Fund's  procedures.  This non-public  information may also be disclosed,
subject to the  requirements  described  below,  to securities  lending  agents,
financial  printers,  proxy voting  firms,  mutual fund  analysts and rating and
tracking  agencies,  or to shareholders  in connection with in-kind  redemptions
(collectively, "Authorized Third Parties").                                     

22

P-->497397th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 397th
Prior to any disclosure of each Fund's non-public portfolio holdings information
to Authorized Third Parties,  a person  authorized by each Fund's Directors must
make a good faith determination in light of the facts then known that a Fund has
a legitimate business purpose for providing the information, that the disclosure
is in the  best  interest  of each  Fund,  and  that the  recipient  assents  or
otherwise has a duty to keep the information confidential and to not trade based
on the  information  received  while  the  information  remains  non-public.  No
compensation is received by each Fund or DeAM for disclosing non-public holdings
information.  Periodic  reports  regarding these  procedures will be provided to
each Fund's Directors.                                                          

Registered  investment  companies  that are subadvised by DeAM may be subject to
different portfolio holdings disclosure policies,  and neither DeAM nor a Fund's
Trustees  exercise  control over such policies.  In addition,  separate  account
clients of DeAM have access to their portfolio holdings and are not subject to a
Fund's portfolio  holdings  disclosure policy. The portfolio holdings of some of
the Funds  subadvised by DeAM and some of the separate  accounts managed by DeAM
may substantially overlap with the portfolio holdings of a Fund.                

DeAM also  manages  certain  unregistered  commingled  trusts and creates  model
portfolios,  the portfolio holdings of which may substantially  overlap with the
portfolio  holdings of a Fund. To the extent that investors in these  commingled
trusts  or  recipients  of model  portfolio  holdings  information  may  receive
portfolio  holdings  information  of their  trust or of a model  portfolio  on a
different basis from that on which Fund portfolio  holdings  information is made
public,  DeAM has implemented  procedures  reasonably designed to encourage such
investors and recipients to keep such information  confidential,  and to prevent
those investors from trading on the basis of non-public holdings information.   

There is no assurance that a Fund's  policies and procedures with respect to the
disclosure  of  portfolio  holdings  information  will  protect  a Fund from the
potential  misuse of portfolio  holdings  information  by those in possession of
that information.                                                               

 MANAGEMENT OF THE FUNDS

Investment Advisor                                                              

On April 5,  2002,  100% of Zurich  Scudder  Investments,  Inc.,  not  including
certain UK  operations  (known as  Threadneedle  Investments),  was  acquired by
Deutsche Bank AG and changed its name to Deutsche Investment Management Americas
Inc. ("DIMA" or the "Advisor"). DIMA, which is part of Deutsche Asset Management
("DeAM"),  is the investment advisor for the Funds. Under the supervision of the
Board of Directors of each Fund, with headquarters at 345 Park Avenue, New York,
New York 10154,  DIMA makes the  Funds'  investment  decisions,  buys and sells
securities for the Funds and conducts  research that leads to these purchase and
sale decisions.  The Advisor  manages each Fund's daily  investment and business
affairs  subject to the  policies  established  by each  Corporation's  Board of
Directors.  DIMA and its  predecessors  have  more  than 80 years of  experience
managing  mutual  funds.  DIMA  provides  a full  range of  investment  advisory
services to institutional and retail clients.  The Funds' investment  advisor is
also responsible for selecting brokers and dealers and for negotiating brokerage
commissions  and dealer  charges.  The  Advisor's  duties are  described in more
detail below.                                                                   

DeAM is the  marketing  name in the US for the asset  management  activities  of
Deutsche  Bank AG,  DIMA,  Deutsche  Bank Trust  Company  Americas and DWS Trust
Company. DeAM is a global asset management organization that offers a wide range
of investing  expertise and resources,  including hundreds of portfolio managers
and analysts,  and an office  network that reaches the world's major  investment
centers.  This well-resourced  global investment platform brings together a wide
variety of experience and investment insight, across industries,  regions, asset
classes and investing  styles.  DIMA is an indirect,  wholly owned subsidiary of
Deutsche Bank AG. Deutsche Bank AG is a major global banking institution that is
engaged in a wide range of financial services,  including investment management,
mutual funds,  retail,  private and commercial  banking,  investment banking and
insurance.  The term "DWS Scudder" is the designation  given to the products and
services provided by DeAM and its affiliates to the DWS Mutual Funds.           

23

P-->497398th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 398th
The Advisor provides  investment  counsel for many individuals and institutions,
including  insurance  companies,  industrial  corporations,  and  financial  and
banking  organizations,  as well as  providing  investment  advice  to open- and
closed-end SEC registered funds.                                                

In certain cases, the investments for a Fund are managed by the same individuals
who manage one or more  other  mutual  funds  advised by the  Advisor  that have
similar names, objectives and investment styles. You should be aware that a Fund
is likely to differ from these other mutual funds in size, cash flow pattern and
tax matters. Accordingly, the holdings and performance of a Fund can be expected
to vary from those of these other mutual funds.                                 

Certain  investments  may be  appropriate  for a Fund and also for other clients
advised by the Advisor.  Investment  decisions  for a Fund and other clients are
made with a view to achieving their respective  investment  objectives and after
consideration  of such factors as their current  holdings,  availability of cash
for  investment  and the  size of their  investments  generally.  Frequently,  a
particular  security  may be bought or sold for only one client or in  different
amounts  and at  different  times for more  than one but less than all  clients.
Likewise,  a particular  security may be bought for one or more clients when one
or more other clients are selling the security. In addition,  purchases or sales
of the same  security  may be made for two or more  clients on the same day.  In
such event,  such  transactions  will be allocated among the clients in a manner
believed by the Advisor to be equitable to each. In some cases,  this  procedure
could have an adverse effect on the price or amount of the securities  purchased
or sold by a Fund.  Purchase  and sale  orders for a Fund may be  combined  with
those of other  clients of the  Advisor in the  interest of  achieving  the most
favorable net results to a Fund.                                                

The Boards and the  shareholders  of each Fund recently  approved an amended and
restated investment management agreement (the "Investment Management Agreement")
for the Funds.  Pursuant to each Investment Management  Agreements,  the Advisor
provides  continuing  investment  management  of the  assets  of each  Fund.  In
addition to the  investment  management  of the assets of the Fund,  the Advisor
determines the  investments to be made for each Fund,  including what portion of
its assets  remain  uninvested  in cash or cash  equivalents,  and with whom the
orders for  investments  are placed,  consistent  with each  Fund's  policies as
stated in its  Prospectus  and SAI,  or as adopted  by each  Fund's  Board.  The
Advisor  will  also  monitor,  to  the  extent  not  monitored  by  each  Fund's
administrator or other agent, the Fund's  compliance with its investment and tax
guidelines and other compliance policies.                                       

The Advisor  provides  assistance to each Fund's Board in valuing the securities
and other  instruments held by each Fund, to the extent  reasonably  required by
valuation policies and procedures that may be adopted by each Fund.             

Pursuant to each Investment Management Agreement,  (unless otherwise provided in
the agreement or as determined by each Fund's Board and to the extent  permitted
by applicable  law), the Advisor pays the  compensation  and expenses of all the
Board  members,  officers,  and executive  employees of the Fund,  including the
Fund's share of payroll taxes, who are affiliated persons of the Advisor.       

Each  Investment  Management  Agreement  provides  that  the  Fund is  generally
responsible  for expenses  that  include:  fees payable to the Advisor;  outside
legal,  accounting  or auditing  expenses,  including  with  respect to expenses
related to negotiation,  acquisition or  distribution of portfolio  investments;
maintenance  of books and records that are  maintained  by the Fund,  the Fund's
custodian,  or other agents of the Fund; taxes and  governmental  fees; fees and
expenses   of  the   Fund's   accounting   agent,   custodian,   sub-custodians,
depositories,  transfer  agents,  dividend  reimbursing  agents and  registrars;
payment  for  portfolio  pricing  or  valuation   services  to  pricing  agents,
accountants,  bankers and other specialists,  if any;  brokerage  commissions or
other costs of  acquiring  or disposing  of any  portfolio  securities  or other
instruments  of the  Fund;  and  litigation  expenses  and  other  extraordinary
expenses not incurred in the ordinary course of the Fund's business.            

Each Investment  Management  Agreement allows the Advisor to delegate any of its
duties under the  Agreement to a  subadvisor,  subject to a majority vote of the
Board of the Fund,  including  a  majority  of the Board who are not  interested
persons of the Fund, and, if required by applicable  law,  subject to a majority
vote of the Fund's shareholders.                                                

24

P-->497399th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 399th
Each  Investment  Management  Agreement  provides  that the Advisor shall not be
liable for any error of judgment  or mistake of law or for any loss  suffered by
the Fund in  connection  with matters to which the agreement  relates,  except a
loss resulting from willful  malfeasance,  bad faith or gross  negligence on the
part of the Advisor in the performance of its duties or from reckless  disregard
by the  Advisor  of  its  obligations  and  duties  under  the  agreement.  Each
Investment  Management  Agreement may be terminated at any time, without payment
of penalty,  by either party or by vote of a majority of the outstanding  voting
securities of the Fund on 60 days' written notice.                              

For all services provided under each Investment Management Agreement,  the funds
pay the advisor a fee, computed daily and paid monthly, at the annual rates as a
percentage of net assets shown below:                                           

DWS Global Thematic Fund                                Management Fee Rate     
------------------------                                -------------------     

$0-$500 million                                                0.915%           
$500 million-$1 billion                                        0.865%           
$1 billion-$1.5 billion                                        0.815%           
$1.5 billion-$2 billion                                        0.765%           
over $2 billion                                                0.715%           

Through  June 11,  2007,  DWS  International  Fund  paid the  Advisor  under the
investment management agreement as follows:                                     

DWS International Fund                                 Management Fee Rate      
----------------------                                 -------------------      

$0-$6 billion                                                 0.59%             
$6 billion-$7 billion                                         0.54%             
over $7 billion                                               0.515%            

Effective  June 11,  2007,  DWS  International  Fund pays the Advisor  under the
investment  management  agreement a fee,  calculated daily and paid monthly,  as
follows:                                                                        

DWS International Fund                              Management Fee Rate         
----------------------                              -------------------         

$0-$2.5 billion                                           0.565%                
$2.5 billion-$5 billion                                   0.545%                
$5 billion-$10 billion                                    0.525%                
$10 billion-$15 billion                                   0.515%                
Over $15 billion                                          0.465%                

The fees are payable  monthly,  provided  that each Fund will make such  interim
payments as may be  requested  by the Advisor not to exceed 75% of the amount of
the fee then accrued on the books of a Fund and unpaid.                         

The advisory fees paid by each Fund for its last three fiscal years are shown in
the table below.                                                                

                                                                [Download Table]

Fund                      Fiscal Year 2007  Fiscal Year 2006*  Fiscal Year 2005*
----                      ----------------  -----------------  -----------------

                                                                                
DWS Global Thematic Fund      $15,662,093       $10,935,782         $8,883,911  
DWS International Fund        $10,999,420       $10,835,832        $10,735,566  

*        Prior to June 1, 2006,  these fees included an  administrative  service
fee.                                                          

DWS International Fund. Through November 30, 2010, the Advisor has contractually
agreed to waive all or a portion  of its  management  fee and  reimburse  or pay
operating  expenses of the fund to the extent  necessary  to maintain the fund's
total operating expenses at 0.95% for Class S shares, excluding certain expenses
such as extraordinary expenses, taxes, brokerage and interest.                  

25

P-->497400th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 400th
Pursuant to DeAM  procedures  approved by the Boards on behalf of the DWS funds,
proof of claim forms are  routinely  filed on behalf of the DWS funds by a third
party service provider,  with certain limited exceptions.  The Boards of the DWS
funds receive periodic reports regarding the implementation of these procedures.

The Advisor may enter into  arrangements with affiliates and third party service
providers to perform  various  administrative,  back-office  and other  services
relating to client accounts.  Such service providers may be located in the US or
in non-US jurisdictions.                                                        

In addition,  the Boards and  shareholders of each Fund recently  approved a new
subadvisor approval policy for the Fund (the "Subadvisor Approval Policy").  The
Subadvisor  Approval Policy permits the Advisor,  subject to the approval of the
applicable  Board,  including a majority of its  independent  board members,  to
appoint and replace  subadvisors  and to amend  sub-advisory  contracts  without
obtaining  shareholder  approval.  Under the  Subadvisor  Approval  Policy,  the
Boards, including their independent board members, will continue to evaluate and
approve all new sub-advisory  contracts  between the Advisor and any subadvisor,
as well as all changes to any existing sub-advisory  contract.  Each Fund cannot
implement  the  Subadvisor  Approval  Policy  without  the SEC  either  adopting
revisions  to current  rules (as it proposed to do in October  2003) or granting
the Fund exemptive  relief from existing rules.  Each Fund and the Advisor would
be subject to certain conditions imposed by the SEC (and certain conditions that
may be imposed in the future within either exemptive relief or a rule) to ensure
that the interests of the Fund and its  shareholders  are  adequately  protected
whenever the Advisor acts under the Subadvisor  Approval  Policy,  including any
shareholder notice requirements.                                                

Officers and  employees  of the Advisor from time to time may have  transactions
with various  banks,  including the Funds'  custodian  bank. It is the Advisor's
opinion that the terms and conditions of those  transactions which have occurred
were  not   influenced  by  existing  or  potential   custodial  or  other  Fund
relationships.                                                                  

Administrative Agreement                                                        

Effective  June 1, 2006,  each Fund entered into a new  administrative  services
agreement with the Advisor (the "Administrative  Services Agreement"),  pursuant
to which the Advisor  provides  administrative  services to the Fund  including,
among others,  providing the Fund with personnel,  preparing and making required
filings on behalf of the Fund,  maintaining  books and records for the Fund, and
monitoring the valuation of Fund securities. For all services provided under the
Administrative  Services  Agreement,  each Fund pays the Advisor a fee, computed
daily and paid monthly, of 0.10% of the Fund's average daily net assets.        

Under the  Administrative  Services  Agreement,  the Advisor is  obligated  on a
continuous  basis to provide such  administrative  services as each Board of the
Funds reasonably deems necessary for the proper administration of the Funds. The
Advisor  provides each Fund with  personnel;  arranges for the  preparation  and
filing of the Fund's tax  returns;  prepares  and  submits  reports  and meeting
materials to the Board and the  shareholders;  prepares and files updates to the
Fund's  prospectus  and  statement of  additional  information  as well as other
reports required to be filed by the SEC; maintains the Fund's records;  provides
the Fund with office space, equipment and services;  supervises,  negotiates the
contracts of and monitors the performance of third parties contractors; oversees
the  tabulation of proxies;  monitors the valuation of portfolio  securities and
monitors  compliance  with  Board-approved  valuation  procedures;   assists  in
establishing  the  accounting  and tax  policies  of the  Fund;  assists  in the
resolution  of  accounting  issues  that may  arise  with  respect  to the Fund;
establishes  and  monitors the Fund's  operating  expense  budgets;  reviews and
processes the Fund's bills;  assists in determining  the amount of dividends and
distributions  available to be paid by the Fund,  prepares and arranges dividend
notifications  and provides  information to agents to effect  payments  thereof;
provides to the Board periodic and special  reports;  provides  assistance  with
investor and public relations  matters;  and monitors the registration of shares
under  applicable  federal and state law. The Advisor also performs certain fund
accounting   services  under  the   Administrative   Services   Agreement.   The
Administrative  Services  Agreement provides that the Advisor will not be liable
under the Administrative Services Agreement except for willful misfeasance,  bad
faith or  negligence  in the  performance  of its  duties  or from the  reckless
disregard by it of its duties and obligations thereunder.                       

26

P-->497401st Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 401st
For DWS Global  Thematic  Fund,  for the period from June 1, 2006 through August
31, 2006, the Advisor received an Administration  Fee of $318,009.  For the year
ended August 31, 2007, the Advisor received an Administration Fee of $1,857,061,
of which $187,665 is unpaid at August 31, 2007.                                 

For DWS International  Fund, for the period from June 1, 2006 through August 31,
2006, the Advisor received an Administration Fee of $410,578. For the year ended
August 31, 2007, the Advisor received an  Administration  Fee of $1,884,854,  of
which $187,079 is unpaid at August 31, 2007.                                    

Pursuant to an agreement between the Administrator and Brown Brothers Harriman &
Co., ("BBH"), the Administrator has delegated certain  administrative  functions
to  BBH.  The  costs  and  expenses  of  such   delegation   are  borne  by  the
Administrator, not by the Fund.                                                 

Pursuant  to  Deutsche  Asset  Management  procedures  approved by the Boards on
behalf of the DWS funds,  proof of claim forms are routinely  filed on behalf of
the  DWS  funds  by  a  third  party  service  provider,  with  certain  limited
exceptions.  The Boards of the DWS funds receive periodic reports  regarding the
implementation of these procedures.                                             

Codes of Ethics                                                                 

The Funds,  the Advisor and the Funds'  principal  underwriter have each adopted
codes of ethics under Rule 17j-1 under the 1940 Act. Board members,  officers of
the  Corporations  and  employees of the Advisor and principal  underwriter  are
permitted to make personal securities  transactions,  including  transactions in
securities  that may be purchased or held by the Funds,  subject to requirements
and restrictions set forth in the applicable Code of Ethics.  The Advisor's Code
of Ethics contains provisions and requirements  designed to identify and address
certain  conflicts of interest  between personal  investment  activities and the
interests  of the  Funds.  Among  other  things,  the  Advisor's  Code of Ethics
prohibits  certain types of  transactions  absent prior  approval,  imposes time
periods  during  which  personal   transactions  may  not  be  made  in  certain
securities,  and requires the submission of duplicate broker  confirmations  and
quarterly reporting of securities transactions. Additional restrictions apply to
portfolio  managers,  traders,  research  analysts  and others  involved  in the
investment  advisory  process.  Exceptions to these and other  provisions of the
Advisor's Code of Ethics may be granted in particular circumstances after review
by appropriate personnel.                                                       

Regulatory Matters and Legal Proceedings                                        

On December 21, 2006,  Deutsche Asset Management  ("DeAM")  settled  proceedings
with the  Securities and Exchange  Commission  ("SEC") and the New York Attorney
General on behalf of Deutsche  Asset  Management,  Inc.  ("DAMI") and DIMA,  the
investment advisors to many of the DWS Scudder funds,  regarding  allegations of
improper  trading of fund  shares at DeAM and at the legacy  Scudder  and Kemper
organizations prior to their acquisition by DeAM in April 2002. These regulators
alleged that although the prospectuses for certain funds in the regulators' view
indicated  that the funds did not permit market  timing,  DAMI and DIMA breached
their  fiduciary  duty to those  funds in that their  efforts  to limit  trading
activity in the funds were not effective at certain times.  The regulators  also
alleged that DAMI and DIMA  breached  their  fiduciary  duty to certain funds by
entering into certain market timing  arrangements with investors.  These trading
arrangements  originated  in  businesses  that  existed  prior to the  currently
constituted  DeAM  organization,  which  came  together  as a result of  various
mergers of the legacy Scudder,  Kemper and Deutsche fund groups,  and all of the
arrangements were terminated prior to the start of the regulatory investigations
that  began in the summer of 2003.  No  current  DeAM  employee  approved  these
trading arrangements.  Under the terms of the settlements, DAMI and DIMA neither
admitted nor denied any wrongdoing.                                             

The terms of the SEC settlement, which identified improper trading in the legacy
Deutsche and Kemper mutual funds only,  provide for payment of  disgorgement  in
the  amount  of $17.2  million.  The terms of the  settlement  with the New York
Attorney  General  provide for payment of  disgorgement  in the amount of $102.3
million, which is inclusive of the amount payable under the SEC settlement, plus
a civil penalty in the amount of $20 million.  The total amount payable by DeAM,
approximately  $122.3  million,  will  be  distributed  to  shareholders  of the
affected  funds in  accordance  with a  distribution  plan to be  developed by a
distribution  consultant.  The funds'  investment  advisors do not believe these
amounts  will have a material  adverse  financial  impact on them or  materially
affect                                                                          

27

P-->497402nd Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 402nd
their ability to perform under their investment  management  agreements with the
DWS funds.  The  above-described  amounts are not material to Deutsche Bank, and
have already been reserved.                                                     

Among the terms of the settled orders,  DeAM is subject to certain  undertakings
regarding  the conduct of its business in the future,  including  formation of a
Code of Ethics  Oversight  Committee  to oversee all matters  relating to issues
arising  under  the  advisors'  Code of  Ethics;  establishment  of an  Internal
Compliance Controls Committee having overall compliance oversight responsibility
of the advisors; engagement of an Independent Compliance Consultant to conduct a
comprehensive review of the advisors' supervisory  compliance and other policies
and  procedures  designed to prevent  and detect  breaches  of  fiduciary  duty,
breaches  of the Code of Ethics and federal  securities  law  violations  by the
advisors and their employees; and commencing in 2008, the advisors shall undergo
a compliance review by an independent third party.                              

In addition,  DeAM is subject to certain  further  undertakings  relating to the
governance  of the mutual funds,  including  that at least 75% of the members of
the  Boards  of  Trustees/Directors  overseeing  the DWS  Funds  continue  to be
independent of DeAM; the Chairmen of the DWS Funds' Boards of Trustees/Directors
continue to be  independent  of DeAM;  DeAM  maintain  existing  management  fee
reductions  for  certain  funds  for a period  of five  years  and not  increase
management  fees for these certain funds during this period;  the funds retain a
senior  officer (or  independent  consultants,  as applicable)  responsible  for
assisting in the review of fee  arrangements  and  monitoring  compliance by the
funds and the investment advisors with securities laws,  fiduciary duties, codes
of ethics and other compliance policies,  the expense of which shall be borne by
DeAM; and periodic account  statements,  fund prospectuses and the mutual funds'
web site contain  additional  disclosure  and/or tools that assist  investors in
understanding  the fees and costs associated with an investment in the funds and
the impact of fees and expenses on fund returns.                                

DeAM has also settled proceedings with the Illinois Secretary of State regarding
market timing matters. The terms of the Illinois settlement provide for investor
education  contributions  totaling approximately $4 million and a payment in the
amount of $2 million to the Securities Audit and Enforcement Fund.              

On  September  28,  2006,  the SEC and the National  Association  of  Securities
Dealers  ("NASD")  announced  final  agreements  in  which  Deutsche  Investment
Management Americas Inc. ("DIMA"),  Deutsche Asset Management, Inc. ("DAMI") and
Scudder  Distributors,  Inc. ("DWS-SDI") (now known as DWS Scudder Distributors,
Inc.)  settled  administrative  proceedings  regarding  disclosure  of brokerage
allocation  practices in connection  with sales of the Scudder Funds' (now known
as the DWS Scudder Funds) shares during  2001-2003.  The agreements with the SEC
and NASD are reflected in orders which state, among other things,  that DIMA and
DAMI failed to disclose potential conflicts of interest to the funds' Boards and
to  shareholders   relating  to  DWS-SDI's  use  of  certain  funds'   brokerage
commissions to reduce revenue sharing costs to broker-dealer  firms with whom it
had  arrangements to market and distribute  Scudder Fund shares.  These directed
brokerage practices were discontinued in October 2003.                          

Under the terms of the  settlements,  in which DIMA,  DAMI and  DWS-SDI  neither
admitted  nor denied any of the  regulators'  findings,  DIMA,  DAMI and DWS-SDI
agreed to pay  disgorgement,  prejudgment  interest  and civil  penalties in the
total amount of $19.3 million. The portion of the settlements distributed to the
funds was approximately $17.8 million and was paid to the funds as prescribed by
the settlement  orders based upon the amount of brokerage  commissions from each
fund used to satisfy revenue sharing  agreements  with  broker-dealers  who sold
fund shares.                                                                    

As part of the  settlements,  DIMA,  DAMI and DWS-SDI  also agreed to  implement
certain measures and undertakings relating to revenue sharing payments including
making  additional  disclosures  in the funds'  Prospectuses  or  Statements  of
Additional  Information,  adopting or modifying relevant policies and procedures
and providing regular reporting to the fund Boards.                             

Additional  information announced by DeAM regarding the terms of the settlements
is available at www.dws-scudder.com/regulatory_settlements.                     

The matters alleged in the regulatory  settlements described above also serve as
the general basis of a number of private class action lawsuits involving the DWS
funds. These lawsuits name as defendants various persons,                       

28

P-->497403rd Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 403rd
including  certain  DWS  funds,  the  funds'   investment   advisors  and  their
affiliates,   and   certain   individuals,   including   in  some   cases   fund
Trustees/Directors,  officers,  and other  parties.  Each DWS fund's  investment
advisor has agreed to indemnify  the  applicable  DWS funds in  connection  with
these lawsuits, or other lawsuits or regulatory actions that may be filed making
similar allegations.                                                            

Based on currently available information, the funds' investment advisors believe
the likelihood that the pending lawsuits will have a material adverse  financial
impact on a DWS fund is remote and such  actions  are not  likely to  materially
affect their ability to perform  under their  investment  management  agreements
with the DWS funds.                                                             

Compensation of Portfolio Managers                                              

Each  Fund has been  advised  that the  Advisor  seeks to offer  its  investment
professionals  competitive  short-term  and  long-term  compensation.  Portfolio
managers and research professionals are paid (i) fixed base salaries,  which are
linked to job function,  responsibilities  and financial  services industry peer
comparison  and (ii)  variable  compensation,  which  is  linked  to  investment
performance, individual contributions to the team and DWS Scudder's and Deutsche
Bank's  financial  results.  Variable  compensation  may  include  a cash  bonus
incentive and  participation in a variety of long-term equity programs  (usually
in the form of Deutsche Bank equity).                                           

Bonus  and  long-term   incentives   comprise  a  greater  proportion  of  total
compensation as an investment  professional's  seniority and compensation levels
increase.  Top performing  investment  professionals  earn a total  compensation
package  that is highly  competitive,  including  a bonus that is a multiple  of
their base  salary.  The amount of equity  awarded  under the  long-term  equity
programs is generally based on the individual's total  compensation  package and
may  comprise  from  0%-40%  of  the  total  compensation  award.  As  incentive
compensation increases,  the percentage of compensation awarded in Deutsche Bank
equity also increases. Certain senior investment professionals may be subject to
a mandatory diverting of a portion of their equity compensation into proprietary
mutual funds that they manage.                                                  

To  evaluate  its  investment  professionals,  the  Advisor  uses a  Performance
Management  Process.   Objectives  evaluated  by  the  process  are  related  to
investment  performance and generally take into account peer group and benchmark
related data.  The ultimate goal of this process is to link the  performance  of
investment  professionals  with  client  investment  objectives  and to  deliver
investment   performance   that  meets  or  exceeds  clients'  risk  and  return
objectives. When determining total compensation,  the Advisor considers a number
of quantitative and qualitative factors such as:                                

o        DWS  Scudder   performance   and  the  performance  of  Deutsche  Asset
         Management, quantitative measures which include 1, 3 and 5 year pre-tax
         returns versus benchmark (such as the benchmark used in the prospectus)
         and appropriate  peer group,  taking into  consideration  risk targets.
         Additionally, the portfolio manager's retail/institutional asset mix is
weighted, as appropriate for evaluation purposes.             

o        Qualitative  measures include  adherence to the investment  process and
         individual  contributions  to  the  process,  among  other  things.  In
         addition, the Advisor assesses compliance, risk management and teamwork
skills.                                                       

o        Other factors,  including  contributions made to the investment team as
         well as  adherence  to  compliance,  risk  management,  and "living the
         values" of the Advisor,  are part of a  discretionary  component  which
         gives  management the ability to reward these behaviors on a subjective
basis through bonus incentives.                               

In addition,  the Advisor analyzes  competitive  compensation levels through the
use of extensive market data surveys. Portfolio manager compensation is reviewed
and may be modified each year as appropriate  to reflect  changes in the market,
as well as to adjust the  factors  used to  determine  overall  compensation  to
promote good sustained investment performance.                                  

29

P-->497404th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 404th
Fund Ownership of Portfolio Managers                                            

The following table shows the dollar range of shares owned  beneficially  and of
record by each Fund's portfolio  manager in the Fund as well as in all DWS Funds
as a group  (i.e.  those  funds  advised by  Deutsche  Asset  Management  or its
affiliates), including investments by their immediate family members sharing the
same household and amounts invested through retirement and deferred compensation
plans.  This  information  is provided as of each Fund's most recent fiscal year
end.                                                                            

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

                                           Dollar Range of    Dollar Range of All DWS
Name of Portfolio Manager                 Fund Shares Owned      Fund Shares Owned   
-------------------------                 -----------------      -----------------   

                                                                                     
Oliver Kratz - DWS Global Thematic Fund  $100,000 - $500,000    $100,000 - $500,000  
Matthias Knerr - DWS International Fund  $100,000 - $500,000   $500,000 - $1,000,000 

Conflicts of Interest                                                           

In addition to managing the assets of the Fund,  each Fund's  portfolio  manager
may have responsibility for managing other client accounts of the Advisor or its
affiliates.  The tables below show, for each portfolio  manager,  the number and
asset size of (1) SEC registered  investment companies (or series thereof) other
than the Fund, (2) pooled investment vehicles that are not registered investment
companies and (3) other  accounts  (e.g.,  accounts  managed for  individuals or
organizations)  managed by each  portfolio  manager.  The  tables  also show the
number of  performance  based fee  accounts,  as well as the total assets of the
accounts for which the advisory fee is based on the  performance of the account.
This information is provided as of each Fund's most recent fiscal year end.     

Other SEC Registered Investment Companies Managed:                              

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

                                              Number of    Total Assets of   Number of Investment                    
                                             Registered      Registered        Company Accounts     Total Assets of  
                                             Investment      Investment              with           Performance-Based
Name of Portfolio Manager                     Companies       Companies      Performance-Based Fee    Fee Accounts   
-------------------------                     ---------       ---------      ---------------------    ------------   

                                                                                                                     
Oliver Kratz - DWS Global Thematic Fund             6          $808,948,012            0                   $0        
Matthias Knerr - DWS International Fund             3        $1,223,250,282            0                   $0        

Other Pooled Investment Vehicles Managed:                                                                            

                                              Number of    Total Assets of     Number of Pooled     Total Assets of  
                                               Pooled          Pooled         Investment Vehicle      Performance-   
                                             Investment      Investment          Accounts with         Based Fee     
Name of Portfolio Manager                     Vehicles        Vehicles       Performance-Based Fee      Accounts     
-------------------------                     --------        --------       ---------------------      --------     

Oliver Kratz - DWS Global Thematic Fund            13         $513,333,402             0                   $0        
Matthias Knerr - DWS International Fund             4          $83,151,941             0                   $0        

Other Accounts Managed:                                                                                              

                                                                                Number of Other      Total Assets of 
                                                                                 Accounts with        Performance-   
                                              Number of    Total Assets of    Performance- Based        Based Fee    
Name of Portfolio Manager                  Other Accounts  Other Accounts             Fee               Accounts     
-------------------------                  --------------  --------------             ---               --------     

Oliver Kratz - DWS Global Thematic Fund             11      $1,504,399,612             1              $232,750,440   

                                       30                                                                            

P-->497405th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 405th
                                                                                Number of Other      Total Assets of 
                                                                                 Accounts with        Performance-   
                                              Number of    Total Assets of    Performance- Based        Based Fee    
Name of Portfolio Manager                  Other Accounts  Other Accounts             Fee               Accounts     
-------------------------                  --------------  --------------             ---               --------     

Matthias Knerr - DWS International Fund              4        $927,015,289             0                        $0   

In  addition  to the  accounts  above,  an  investment  professional  may manage
accounts in a personal  capacity that may include  holdings that are similar to,
or the same as,  those of the Fund.  The  Advisor  has in place a Code of Ethics
that is designed to address  conflicts of interest and that, among other things,
imposes  restrictions  on the ability of portfolio  managers  and other  "access
persons" to invest in securities  that may be  recommended or traded in the Fund
and other client accounts.                                                      

Real,  potential  or apparent  conflicts  of interest may arise when a portfolio
manager has day-to-day  portfolio  management  responsibilities  with respect to
more than one fund or account,  including the following:                        

o        Certain  investments may be appropriate for the Fund and also for other
         clients advised by the Advisor, including other client accounts managed
         by the Fund's portfolio manager.  Investment decisions for the Fund and
         other  clients  are  made  with a view to  achieving  their  respective
         investment  objectives and after consideration of such factors as their
         current  holdings,  availability of cash for investment and the size of
         their  investments  generally.  A particular  security may be bought or
         sold for only one client or in different amounts and at different times
         for more than one but less than all clients.  Likewise, because clients
         of the Advisor may have differing investment  strategies,  a particular
         security  may be bought for one or more  clients when one or more other
         clients are selling the security.  The investment  results achieved for
         the Fund may differ from the results  achieved for other clients of the
         Advisor.  In addition,  purchases or sales of the same  security may be
         made for two or more  clients  on the same  day.  In such  event,  such
         transactions  will be allocated  among the clients in a manner believed
         by the Advisor to be most equitable to each client, generally utilizing
         a pro  rata  allocation  methodology.  In some  cases,  the  allocation
         procedure could  potentially  have an adverse effect or positive effect
         on the price or amount of the securities purchased or sold by the Fund.
         Purchase  and sale  orders for the Fund may be  combined  with those of
         other  clients of the  Advisor in the  interest of  achieving  the most
favorable net results to the Fund and the other clients.      

o        To the  extent  that  a  portfolio  manager  has  responsibilities  for
         managing  multiple client  accounts,  a portfolio  manager will need to
         divide time and attention among relevant accounts. The Advisor attempts
         to minimize these conflicts by aligning its portfolio  management teams
         by  investment  strategy and by  employing  similar  investment  models
across multiple client accounts.                              

o        In some cases, an apparent  conflict may arise where the Advisor has an
         incentive, such as a performance-based fee, in managing one account and
         not with  respect to other  accounts it manages.  The Advisor  will not
         determine  allocations based on whether it receives a performance-based
         fee from the client. Additionally, the Advisor has in place supervisory
         oversight processes to periodically monitor performance  deviations for
accounts with like strategies.                                

o        The Advisor and its affiliates and the investment  team of the Fund may
         manage other mutual funds and separate  accounts on a long-short basis.
         The  simultaneous  management  of long  and  short  portfolios  creates
         potential  conflicts  of  interest  including  the risk that short sale
         activity  could   adversely   affect  the  market  value  of  the  long
         positions(and  vice versa),  the risk arising from sequential orders in
         long and short  positions,  and the  risks  associated  with  receiving
         opposing  orders at the same time.  The Advisor has adopted  procedures
         that it believes are reasonably  designed to mitigate  these  potential
         conflicts  of  interest.  Included  in these  procedures  are  specific
         guidelines  developed to ensure fair and  equitable  treatment  for all
         clients whose accounts are managed by each Fund's portfolio  management
         team. The Advisor and the portfolio  management  team have  established
         monitoring  procedures,  a protocol for supervisory reviews, as well as
         compliance  oversight  to ensure that  potential  conflicts of interest
relating to this type of activity are properly addressed.     

31

P-->497406th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 406th
The Advisor is owned by Deutsche Bank AG, a  multi-national  financial  services
company.  Therefore,  the Advisor is affiliated  with a variety of entities that
provide, and/or engage in commercial banking, insurance,  brokerage,  investment
banking,  financial  advisory,  broker-dealer  activities  (including  sales and
trading),  hedge funds, real estate and private equity investing, in addition to
the provision of investment  management services to institutional and individual
investors.  Since  Deutsche  Bank AG, its  affiliates,  directors,  officers and
employees (the "Firm") are engaged in businesses  and have interests  other than
managing  asset  management  accounts,   such  other  activities  involve  real,
potential or apparent  conflicts of interest.  These  interests  and  activities
include potential  advisory,  transactional  and financial  activities and other
interests  in  securities  and  companies  that may be  directly  or  indirectly
purchased  or sold by the Firm for its  clients'  advisory  accounts.  These are
considerations  of which  advisory  clients  should be aware and which may cause
conflicts that could be to the disadvantage of the Advisor's  advisory  clients.
The Advisor has  instituted  business and  compliance  policies,  procedures and
disclosures  that are  designed to identify,  monitor and mitigate  conflicts of
interest and, as appropriate, to report them to the Fund's Board.               

FUND SERVICE PROVIDERS

Principal  Underwriter.  The  Corporations,  on  behalf  of the  Funds,  have an
underwriting agreement with DWS Scudder Distributors,  Inc., 222 South Riverside
Plaza, Chicago, Illinois 60606 (the "Distributor" or "DWS-SDI"), a Massachusetts
corporation,  which is a subsidiary of the Advisor, a Delaware corporation.  The
Corporations'  underwriting agreements dated April 5, 2002 were last approved by
the  Directors on September 28, 2006 and will remain in effect from year to year
thereafter only if their  continuance is approved  annually by a majority of the
members  of the Board of  Directors  who are not  parties to such  agreement  or
interested  persons of any such  party and  either by vote of a majority  of the
Board of Directors or a majority of the  outstanding  voting  securities of each
Fund.                                                                           

Under the  underwriting  agreement,  each Fund is responsible for the payment of
all fees and expenses in connection with the preparation and filing with the SEC
of  its   registration   statement  and  prospectuses  and  any  amendments  and
supplements  thereto;  the registration and  qualification of shares for sale in
the  various  states,  including  registering  the Fund as a broker or dealer in
various states,  as required;  the fees and expenses of preparing,  printing and
mailing prospectuses  annually to existing  shareholders (see below for expenses
relating to prospectuses  paid by the Distributor);  notices,  proxy statements,
reports  or  other  communications  to  shareholders  of the  Fund;  the cost of
printing and mailing  confirmations  of purchases of shares and any prospectuses
accompanying such confirmations;  any issuance taxes and/or any initial transfer
taxes;  a portion of  shareholder  toll-free  telephone  charges and expenses of
shareholder  service  representatives;  the  cost  of  wiring  funds  for  share
purchases  and  redemptions  (unless paid by the  shareholder  who initiates the
transaction);  the cost of printing and postage of business reply envelopes; and
a  portion  of the  cost of  computer  terminals  used by both  the Fund and the
Distributor.                                                                    

The Distributor will pay for printing and  distributing  prospectuses or reports
prepared for its use in  connection  with the offering of each Fund's  shares to
the  public  and  preparing,  printing  and  mailing  any  other  literature  or
advertising  in  connection  with the  offering  of  shares  of each Fund to the
public.  The  Distributor  will pay all fees and expenses in connection with its
qualification  and  registration  as a broker or dealer under  federal and state
laws,  a portion of the cost of  toll-free  telephone  service  and  expenses of
shareholder  service  representatives,   a  portion  of  the  cost  of  computer
terminals, and expenses of any activity which is primarily intended to result in
the sale of shares  issued by each  Fund,  unless a Rule 12b-1 Plan is in effect
which provides that the Fund shall bear some or all of such expenses.           

Although Class S shares of the Funds do not have a 12b-1 Plan, and the Directors
have no current  intention  of adopting  one, the Funds will also pay those fees
and expenses  permitted to be paid or assumed by the Corporations  pursuant to a
12b-1  Plan,  if any,  adopted by the  Corporations,  notwithstanding  any other
provision to the contrary in the underwriting agreement.                        

The Distributor  currently  offers shares of each Fund on a continuous  basis to
investors  in all  states in which  shares of each Fund may from time to time be
registered or where  permitted by  applicable  law. The  underwriting  agreement
provides that the Distributor accepts orders for shares at net asset value as no
sales commission or load is charged to the investor. The Distributor has made no
firm commitment to acquire shares of each Fund.                                 

32

P-->497407th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 407th
Independent  Registered Public Accounting Firm. The financial highlights of each
Fund included in the Funds' prospectus and the Financial Statements incorporated
by reference in this Statement of Additional  Information  have been so included
or    incorporated    by    reference    in   reliance   on   the   reports   of
PricewaterhouseCoopers  LLP,  125 High  Street,  Boston,  MA 02110,  independent
registered  public  accounting  firm,  given on the  authority  of said  firm as
experts in auditing and accounting.  PricewaterhouseCoopers audits the financial
statements  of the Funds and  provides  other audit,  tax and related  services.
Shareholders  will receive annual audited  financial  statements and semi-annual
unaudited financial statements.                                                 

Legal Counsel. Ropes & Gray, LLP, One International Place, Boston, Massachusetts
02110-2624,  serves as legal counsel to each Fund and the Independent  Directors
of each Fund.                                                                   

Custodian.  Brown Brothers  Harriman & Company  ("Custodian"),  40 Water Street,
Boston,  MA 02109 serves as Custodian to the Funds.  The  Custodian  has entered
into  agreements  with foreign  subcustodians  approved by the  Directors of the
Corporations pursuant to Rule 17f-5 of the 1940 Act.                            

Transfer Agent and Shareholder  Service Agent. DWS Scudder  Investments  Service
Company ("DWS-SISC" or the "Transfer Agent"),  210 W. 10th Street,  Kansas City,
Missouri 64105-1614,  an  affiliate  of the  Advisor,  is the  transfer  agent,
dividend-paying agent and shareholder service agent for the Funds pursuant to an
agency  agreement (the "Agency  Agreement"),  under which the Transfer Agent (i)
maintains record shareholder  accounts,  and (ii) makes periodic reports to each
Board  concerning  the  operations  of the Funds.  Prior to April 1,  2007,  DWS
Scudder Service Corporation  ("DWS-SSC"),  an affiliate of the Advisor,  was the
Fund's transfer agent,  dividend-paying  agent and shareholder service agent for
Class S shares  of the  Fund.  Effective  April 1,  2007,  DWS-SSC  merged  with
DWS-SISC.                                                                       

The Transfer Agent receives an annual service fee for each account of the Funds,
based on the type of account.  For open retail  accounts,  the fee is a flat fee
ranging from $20.00 to $27.50 per account,  for open  wholesale  money funds the
fee is $32.50 per account, while for certain retirement accounts serviced on the
recordkeeping system of ADP, Inc., the fee is a flat fee up to $3.46 per account
(as of October  2006,  indexed to  inflation)  plus an asset  based fee of up to
0.25% of  average  net  assets.  1/12th of the  annual  service  charge for each
account is  charged  and  payable to the  Transfer  Agent each  month.  A fee is
charged for any account  which at any time during the month had a share  balance
in the  Fund.  Smaller  fees are also  charged  for  closed  accounts  for which
information  must be retained on the Transfer Agent's system for up to 18 months
after closing for tax reporting purposes.                                       

Certain  out-of-pocket  expenses  incurred  by  the  Transfer  Agent,  including
expenses of printing and mailing  routine fund  disclosure  documents,  costs of
record retention and transaction  processing costs are reimbursed by the Fund or
are paid  directly  by the Funds.  Certain  additional  out-of-pocket  expenses,
including costs of computer  hardware and software,  third party  record-keeping
and processing of proxy statements,  may only be reimbursed by the Fund with the
prior approval of each Fund's Board.                                            

Pursuant to a sub-transfer  agency  agreement  between DWS-SISC and DST Systems,
Inc. ("DST"),  DWS-SISC has delegated certain transfer agent and dividend paying
agent  functions to DST. The costs and expenses of such  delegation are borne by
DWS-SISC, not by the Funds.                                                     

The Funds, or the Advisor (including any affiliate of the Advisor), or both, may
pay   unaffiliated   third  parties  for  providing   recordkeeping   and  other
administrative  services with respect to beneficial  owners of Fund shares whose
interests are generally held in an omnibus account.                             

For DWS Global  Thematic Fund,  the amounts  charged to the Fund by DWS-SISC and
DWS-SSC aggregated 1,917,423, of which $330,656 is unpaid at August 31, 2007.   

33

P-->497408th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 408th
For DWS  International  Fund,  the amounts  charged to the Fund by DWS-SISC  and
DWS-SSC  aggregated  $2,456,955,  of which  $36,019  was waived and  $490,410 is
unpaid at August 31, 2007.                                                      

PORTFOLIO TRANSACTIONS

The Advisor is generally responsible for placing the orders for the purchase and
sale of portfolio  securities,  including  the  allocation  of  brokerage.  With
respect to those  funds for which a  sub-investment  advisor  manages the fund's
investments,  references in this section to the "Advisor" should be read to mean
the Sub-Advisor, except as noted below.                                         

The  policy of the  Advisor  in  placing  orders  for the  purchase  and sale of
securities  for the Funds is to seek best  execution,  taking into  account such
factors,   among  others,   as  price;   commission  (where   applicable);   the
broker-dealer's   ability  to  ensure  that  securities  will  be  delivered  on
settlement date; the willingness of the  broker-dealer to commit its capital and
purchase  a  thinly  traded   security  for  its  own  inventory;   whether  the
broker-dealer   specializes  in  block  orders  or  large  program  trades;  the
broker-dealer's  knowledge of the market and the security;  the  broker-dealer's
ability to  maintain  confidentiality;  the  broker-dealer's  ability to provide
access to new  issues;  the  broker-dealer's  ability  to provide  support  when
placing a difficult trade;  the financial  condition of the  broker-dealer;  and
whether the broker-dealer has the infrastructure and operational capabilities to
execute  and  settle  the trade.  The  Advisor  seeks to  evaluate  the  overall
reasonableness of brokerage  commissions with commissions  charged on comparable
transactions  and compares the brokerage  commissions (if any) paid by the Funds
to reported commissions paid by others. The Advisor routinely reviews commission
rates,  execution  and  settlement  services  performed  and makes  internal and
external comparisons.                                                           

Commission  rates  on  transactions  in  equity  securities  on U.S.  securities
exchanges are subject to negotiation. Commission rates on transactions in equity
securities on foreign  securities  exchanges are generally fixed.  Purchases and
sales of  fixed-income  securities and certain  over-the-counter  securities are
effected  on  a  net  basis,  without  the  payment  of  brokerage  commissions.
Transactions  in  fixed  income  and  certain  over-the-counter  securities  are
generally  placed by the  Advisor  with the  principal  market  makers for these
securities  unless the Advisor  reasonably  believes more favorable  results are
available elsewhere.  Transactions with dealers serving as market makers reflect
the spread between the bid and asked prices.  Purchases of  underwritten  issues
will  include  an  underwriting  fee  paid  to  the  underwriter.  Money  market
instruments are normally purchased in principal  transactions  directly from the
issuer or from an underwriter or market maker.                                  

It is  likely  that the  broker-dealers  selected  based  on the  considerations
described in this section will include  firms that also sell shares of the Funds
to their  customers.  However,  the Advisor does not consider sales of shares of
the Funds as a factor in the selection of  broker-dealers  to execute  portfolio
transactions  for the Funds  and,  accordingly,  has  implemented  policies  and
procedures  reasonably designed to prevent its traders from considering sales of
shares of the Funds as a factor in the  selection of  broker-dealers  to execute
portfolio transactions for the Funds.                                           

34

P-->497409th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 409th
The Advisor is  permitted  by Section  28(e) of the  Securities  Exchange Act of
1934, as amended ("1934 Act"), when placing  portfolio  transactions for a Fund,
to cause the Fund to pay brokerage  commissions  in excess of that which another
broker-dealer might charge for executing the same transaction in order to obtain
research and brokerage  services if the Advisor determines that such commissions
are  reasonable in relation to the overall  services  provided.  The Advisor may
from  time to time,  in  reliance  on  Section  28(e) of the 1934  Act,  execute
portfolio  transactions with  broker-dealers that provide research and brokerage
services to the Advisor.  Consistent  with the Advisor's  policy  regarding best
execution,  where more than one broker is  believed  to be capable of  providing
best execution for a particular  trade, the Advisor may take into  consideration
the receipt of research and brokerage services in selecting the broker-dealer to
execute  the trade.  Although  certain  research  and  brokerage  services  from
broker-dealers may be useful to a Fund and to the Advisor,  it is the opinion of
the Advisor that such information only supplements its own research effort since
the  information  must still be analyzed,  weighed and reviewed by the Advisor's
staff. To the extent that research and brokerage  services of value are received
by the Advisor,  the Advisor may avoid expenses that it might  otherwise  incur.
Research and brokerage  services  received from a broker-dealer may be useful to
the Advisor and its affiliates in providing  investment  management  services to
all or some of its  clients,  which  includes  a Fund.  Services  received  from
broker-dealers  that executed  securities  transactions for a Portfolio will not
necessarily be used by the Advisor specifically to service such Fund.           

Research and brokerage services provided by broker-dealers may include,  but are
not limited to,  information on the economy,  industries,  groups of securities,
individual   companies,   statistical   information,   accounting  and  tax  law
interpretations,  political developments, legal developments affecting portfolio
securities,  technical  market action,  pricing and appraisal  services,  credit
analysis,  risk measurement  analysis,  performance analysis and measurement and
analysis of corporate responsibility issues. Research and brokerage services are
typically  received  in the form of written  or  electronic  reports,  access to
specialized  financial  publications,  telephone  contacts and personal meetings
with  security  analysts,  but may also be  provided  in the form of  access  to
various  computer  software and meetings  arranged  with  corporate and industry
representatives.                                                                

The Advisor may also select  broker-dealers  and obtain from them  research  and
brokerage  services that are used in connection  with executing  trades provided
that such services are consistent  with  interpretations  under Section 28(e) of
the 1934 Act.  Typically,  these  services  take the form of  computer  software
and/or  electronic  communication  services  used by the  Advisor to  facilitate
trading activity with those broker-dealers.                                     

Research and brokerage services may include products obtained from third parties
if the Advisor determines that such product or service constitutes brokerage and
research as defined in Section 28(e) and interpretations thereunder.  Currently,
it  is  the  Advisor's  policy  that  Sub-Advisors  may  not  execute  portfolio
transactions on behalf of the Funds to obtain third party research and brokerage
services.  The  Advisor  may, in the future,  change  this  policy.  Regardless,
certain  Sub-Advisors may, as matter of internal policy, limit or preclude third
party research and brokerage services.                                          

The Advisor may use brokerage  commissions to obtain certain brokerage  products
or services that have a mixed use (i.e., it also serves a function that does not
relate to the investment  decision-making process). In those circumstances,  the
Advisor  will make a good faith  judgment to evaluate  the various  benefits and
uses to which it  intends to put the mixed use  product or service  and will pay
for that portion of the mixed use product or service that it reasonably believes
does not constitute research and brokerage services with its own resources.     

DIMA will  monitor  regulatory  developments  and market  practice in the use of
client  commissions to obtain research and brokerage services and may adjust its
portfolio transactions policies in response thereto.                            

Investment  decisions for each Fund and for other investment accounts managed by
the  Advisor  are  made  independently  of each  other  in  light  of  differing
conditions. However, the same investment decision may be made for two or more of
such accounts. In such cases,  simultaneous  transactions are inevitable. To the
extent  permitted by law, the Advisor may aggregate the securities to be sold or
purchased  for a Fund with those to be sold or purchased  for other  accounts in
executing  transactions.  Purchases  or sales are then  averaged as to price and
commission  and  allocated  as to amount in a manner  deemed  equitable  to each
account.  While in some cases this practice  could have a detrimental  effect on
the price  paid or  received  by,  or on the size of the  position  obtained  or

35

P-->497410th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 410th
disposed of for,  the Fund,  in other  cases it is believed  that the ability to
engage in volume transactions will be beneficial to the Fund.                   

DIMA and its affiliates and the Funds' management team manage other mutual funds
and separate accounts,  some of which use short sales of securities as a part of
its  investment  strategy.  The  simultaneous   management  of  long  and  short
portfolios creates potential conflicts of interest including the risk that short
sale activity could adversely affect the market value of the long positions (and
vice  versa),  the  risk  arising  from  sequential  orders  in long  and  short
positions,  and the risks associated with receiving  opposing orders at the same
time.                                                                           

DIMA has adopted procedures that it believes are reasonably designed to mitigate
these  potential  conflicts  of interest.  Incorporated  in the  procedures  are
specific  guidelines  developed to ensure fair and  equitable  treatment for all
clients. DIMA and the investment team have established monitoring procedures and
a protocol for supervisory  reviews,  as well as compliance  oversight to ensure
that  potential  conflicts  of interest  relating  to this type of activity  are
properly addressed.                                                             

Deutsche Bank AG or one of its affiliates (or in the case of a Sub-Advisor,  the
Sub-Advisor  or one of its  affiliates)  may act as a broker  for the  Funds and
receive brokerage commissions or other transaction-related compensation from the
Funds in the purchase and sale of securities, options or futures contracts when,
in the judgment of the Advisor,  and in accordance with  procedures  approved by
the Funds'  Boards,  the  affiliated  broker  will be able to obtain a price and
execution at least as favorable as those obtained from other  qualified  brokers
and if, in the  transaction,  the  affiliated  broker  charges  the Funds a rate
consistent  with that charged to  comparable  unaffiliated  customers in similar
transactions.                                                                   

DWS Global Thematic Fund: For the fiscal years ended August 31, 2005, August 31,
2006 and  August  31,  2007 the Fund paid  aggregate  brokerage  commissions  of
$1,881,808, $5,808,194 and $10,095,014, respectively.                           

The Fund is required to  identify  any  securities  of its  "regular  brokers or
dealers"  (as such term is defined  in the 1940 Act) that the Fund has  acquired
during the most  recent  fiscal  year.  As of August 31,  2007 the Fund held the
following securities of its regular brokers or dealers:                         

                                                                [Download Table]

                                                     Value of Securities Owned as of
Name of Regular Broker or Dealer or Parent (Issuer)   August 31, 2007 (in thousands)
---------------------------------------------------   ------------------------------

                                                                                    
Commerzbank AG                                                     $50,914          
UBS AG                                                             $49,325          
Banca Popolare di Milano                                           $18,422          
Unicredito Italiano SpA                                            $18,104          
Blackstone Group LP                                                $15,775          
Credit Suisse Group                                                $11,591          
Australian Wealth Management Ltd.                                  $11,302          
OTP Bank NYRT                                                      $10,981          
Swedbank AB                                                        $10,585          
Shinsei Bank Ltd.                                                   $8,571          
Siam City Bank Pcl                                                  $5,100          
ABN Amro Holding NV                                                   $203          

DWS  International  Fund: For the fiscal years ended August 31, 2005, August 31,
2006 and August  31,  2007 the Fund paid  aggregate  brokerage  commissions  of,
$3,601,297, $4,516,279 and $5,828,722, respectively.                            

The Fund is required to  identify  any  securities  of its  "regular  brokers or
dealers"  (as such term is defined  in the 1940 Act) that the Fund has  acquired
during the most  recent  fiscal  year.  As of August 31,  2007 the Fund held the
following securities of its regular brokers or dealers:                         

36

P-->497411th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 411th
                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

                                                                           Value of Securities Owned as of    
Name of Regular Broker or Dealer or Parent (Issuer)                         August 31, 2007 (in thousands)    
---------------------------------------------------                         ------------------------------    

                                                                                                              
Unicredito Italiano SpA                                                                $53,856                
UBS AG                                                                                 $44,530                
KBC Groep NV                                                                           $40,909                
Ereste Bank Der Oesterreichischen Sparkassen                                           $27,820                
Prudential PLC                                                                         $24,866                
National Bank of Greece                                                                $20,738                
Bancolombia SA                                                                         $14,902                
Mizuho Financial Group, Inc.                                                           $12,664                
OTP Bank NYRT                                                                          $11,636                
Commerzbank AG                                                                          $8,999                
Unibanco                                                                                $5,981                
Zurich Financial Services AG                                                             $373                 
Nordea Bank AB                                                                           $320                 
KBC Groep NV                                                                             $289                 
Marfin Investment Group SA                                                               $191                 
Lloyds TSB Group PLC                                                                     $132                 

                                                                     Percentage of                            
                                               Percentage of     Transactions Involving     Dollar Amount of  
                                            Commissions Paid to       Commissions          Commissions Paid to
                                                 Affiliated             Paid to                Brokers for    
Name of Fund                                      Brokers          Affiliated Brokers       Research Services 
------------                                      -------          ------------------       ----------------- 

DWS Global Thematic Fund                             0%                    0%                      $0         
DWS International Fund                               0%                    0%                      $0         

Portfolio Turnover                                                              

Portfolio  turnover  rate is  defined  by the SEC as the ratio of the  lesser of
sales or purchases to the monthly average value of such securities  owned during
the year,  excluding all securities  whose  remaining  maturities at the time of
acquisition were one year or less.                                              

Portfolio turnover rates for the two most recent fiscal periods are as follows: 

                                               2007             2006
                                               ----             ----

DWS Global Thematic Fund                             151%             143%      
DWS International Fund                               104%              76%      

Higher levels of activity by a Fund result in higher  transaction  costs and may
also  result  in  taxes on  realized  capital  gains  to be borne by the  Fund's
shareholders.  Purchases and sales are made whenever necessary, in the Advisor's
discretion, to meet a Fund's objective.                                         

 PURCHASE AND REDEMPTION OF SHARES

General Information                                                             

Policies and procedures affecting  transactions in Fund shares can be changed at
any  time  without  notice,  subject  to  applicable  law.  Transactions  may be
contingent  upon proper  completion of application  forms and other documents by
shareholders  and their  receipt by the  Funds'  agents.  Transaction  delays in
processing (and changing account features) due to circumstances within or beyond
the  control of the Funds and their  agents may  occur.  Shareholders           

37

P-->497412th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 412th
(or their  financial  service  firms)  are  responsible  for all losses and fees
resulting  from bad  checks,  cancelled  orders  or the  failure  to  consummate
transactions  effected  pursuant  to  instructions  reasonably  believed  to  be
genuine.                                                                        

A  distribution  will be  reinvested in shares of the same Fund and class if the
distribution check is returned as undeliverable.                                

Orders will be  confirmed at a price based on the net asset value of a Fund next
determined  after receipt in good order by DWS-SDI of the order  accompanied  by
payment.  Orders received by dealers or other financial  services firms prior to
the determination of net asset value and received in good order by DWS-SDI prior
to the  determination  of net asset value will be  confirmed at a price based on
the net asset value next determined after receipt by DWS-SDI ("trade date").    

Additional  Minimum Balance Policies.  For fiduciary  accounts such as IRAs, and
custodial  accounts such as Uniform Gifts to Minor Act and Uniform  Transfers to
Minor Act accounts, the minimum balance is $1,000 for Class S. A shareholder may
open an account with at least $1,000 ($500 for fiduciary/custodial accounts), if
an  automatic  investment  plan (AIP) of  $50/month  is  established.  DWS group
retirement  plans and certain other accounts have similar or lower minimum share
balance requirements.                                                           

Reductions in value that result solely from market  activity will not trigger an
annual fee or involuntary  redemption.  Shareholders  with a combined  household
account  balance in any of the DWS Funds of $100,000  or more,  as well as group
retirement  and certain other accounts will not be subject to a fee or automatic
redemption.                                                                     

Fiduciary  (e.g., IRA or Roth IRA) and custodial  accounts (e.g.,  UGMA or UTMA)
with balances below $100 are subject to automatic  redemption following 60 days'
written notice to applicable shareholders.                                      

Certificates. Share certificates will not be issued. Share certificates now in a
shareholder's possession may be sent to Service Corporation for cancellation and
book-entry  credit to such  shareholder's  account.  Certain telephone and other
procedures   require   book-entry   holdings.   Shareholders   with  outstanding
certificates bear the risk of loss.                                             

Use of Financial  Services  Firms.  Investment  dealers and other firms  provide
varying  arrangements  for their clients to purchase and redeem a Fund's shares,
including higher minimum investments,  and may assess transaction or other fees.
Firms may arrange  with their  clients for other  investment  or  administrative
services.  Such firms may independently  establish and charge additional amounts
to their  clients for such  services.  Firms also may hold the Funds'  shares in
nominee or street  name as agent for and on behalf of their  customers.  In such
instances,  the  Transfer  Agent  will have no  information  with  respect to or
control over the accounts of specific shareholders. Such shareholders may obtain
access to their  accounts and  information  about their accounts only from their
firm. Certain of these firms may receive  compensation from the Fund through the
Shareholder  Service Agent for  record-keeping  and other  expenses  relating to
these nominee  accounts.  In addition,  certain  privileges  with respect to the
purchase and  redemption of shares or the  reinvestment  of dividends may not be
available  through such firms.  Some firms may participate in a program allowing
them  access  to  their  clients'  accounts  for  servicing  including,  without
limitation,  transfers of  registration  and  dividend  payee  changes;  and may
perform functions such as generation of confirmation statements and disbursement
of cash  dividends.  Such firms,  including  affiliates of DWS-SDI,  may receive
compensation  from the Fund  through  the  Shareholder  Service  Agent for these
services.                                                                       

Each Fund has authorized one or more financial service  institutions,  including
certain members of the Financial Industry  Regulatory  Authority ("FINRA") other
than  the  Distributor  ("financial  institutions"),   to  accept  purchase  and
redemption  orders for the Fund's shares.  Such financial  institutions may also
designate other parties, including plan administrator intermediaries,  to accept
purchase and redemption  orders on each Fund's  behalf.  Orders for purchases or
redemptions  will be deemed to have been received by a Fund when such  financial
institutions or, if applicable,  their  authorized  designees accept the orders.
Subject  to  the  terms  of  the  contract  between  a Fund  and  the  financial
institution, ordinarily orders will be priced at the Fund's net asset value next
computed  after  acceptance  by such  financial  institution  or its  authorized
designees and accepted by the Fund.  Further,  if purchases or  redemptions of a
Fund's  shares are arranged and  settlement  is made at an  investor's  election
through any other authorized financial  institution,  that financial institution
may, at its  discretion,  charge a fee for that service.  The Board of Directors
and the Distributor,  also the Funds' principal underwriter,  each has the right
to limit the amount of                                                          

38

P-->497413th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 413th
purchases  by,  and to refuse to sell to,  any  person.  The  Directors  and the
Distributor  may suspend or  terminate  the  offering of shares of a Fund at any
time for any reason.                                                            

DWS-SDI has adopted an Incentive Plan (the "Plan") covering wholesalers that are
regional vice presidents  ("DWS Scudder  Wholesalers").  Generally,  DWS Scudder
Wholesalers  market shares of the DWS funds to your  financial  advisor,  who in
turn may  recommend  that you  purchase  shares  of a DWS  fund.  The Plan is an
incentive program that combines a monthly  incentive  component with a quarterly
strategic bonus component.  Under the Plan, DWS Scudder Wholesalers will receive
a monetary  monthly  incentive based on the amount of sales generated from their
marketing of the funds,  and that incentive will differ depending on the product
category  of  the  fund.   Each  fund  is  assigned  to  one  of  four   product
categories--"Core," "Strategic," "Satellite"   or   "Non-CSS"-taking   into
consideration, among other things, the following criteria, where applicable:    

o        The Fund's 3-year performance;                                         

o        The Fund's Morningstar rating;                                         

o        Market size for the fund category;                                     

o        The Fund's size, including sales and redemptions of the Fund's shares; 

o        The length of time the Fund's Portfolio Managers have managed the Fund;
and                                                           

o        The Fund's consistency with DWS Scudder's branding.                    

This  information  and other factors are  presented to a committee  comprised of
representatives  from  various  groups  within  DWS  Scudder,  who  review  on a
quarterly basis the funds assigned to each product category described above, and
make any  changes to those  assignments  at that time.  No one  factor,  whether
positive or negative,  determines a fund's  placement in a given  category;  all
these factors together are considered, and the designation of funds in the Core,
Strategic and Satellite categories represents management's judgment based on the
above criteria.  In addition,  management may consider a fund's profile over the
course  of  several  review  periods  before  making  a change  to its  category
assignment.  These  category  assignments  will be posted  quarterly  to the DWS
funds' Web site at www.dws-scudder.com, approximately one month after the end of
each quarter.  DWS Scudder Wholesalers will receive the highest compensation for
Core and Strategic  funds,  less for Satellite  funds and the lowest for Non-CSS
funds.   The  level  of   compensation   among  these   categories   may  differ
significantly.                                                                  

In the normal course of business,  DWS Scudder will from time to time  introduce
new funds into the DWS family of funds. As a general rule, all new funds will be
placed in the  Strategic  compensation  category  for a  minimum  period of four
consecutive quarters, and DWS Scudder Wholesalers will be paid at a rate that is
equivalent to that of the Core Fund  category.  After that four quarter  period,
each new fund in the  Strategic  category  will be reviewed by the committee and
either  assigned to one of the four  categories or continued as a Strategic fund
at that time.                                                                   

The prospect of receiving,  or the receipt of, additional  compensation by a DWS
Scudder  Wholesaler  under the Plan may provide an incentive to favor  marketing
the Core,  Strategic  or  Satellite  funds  over the  Non-CSS  funds.  The Plan,
however,  will not change  the price that you pay for shares of a fund.  The DWS
Scudder  Compliance  Department  monitors DWS Scudder Wholesaler sales and other
activity  in an  effort  to  detect  unusual  activity  in  the  context  of the
compensation  structure under the Plan. However,  investors may wish to take the
Plan  and the  product  category  of the  fund  into  account  when  considering
purchasing a fund or evaluating any recommendations relating to fund shares.    

Telephone  and  Electronic  Transaction  Procedures.  Shareholders  have various
telephone,  Internet,  wire and other electronic privileges available. A Fund or
its agents will not be liable for any losses,  expenses or costs  arising out of
fraudulent or unauthorized  instructions  pursuant to these privileges if a Fund
or its agents reasonably believe, based upon reasonable verification procedures,
that the instructions were genuine.  Verification  procedures  include recording
instructions,  requiring  certain  identifying  information  before  acting upon
instructions  and  sending  written  confirmations.  During  periods  when it is
difficult to contact the  Shareholder  Service Agent, it may be difficult to use
telephone, wire and other privileges.                                           

QuickBuy and QuickSell. QuickBuy and QuickSell permits the transfer of money via
the Automated  Clearing House System (minimum $50 and maximum  $250,000) from or
to a shareholder's bank, savings and loan, or credit                            

39

P-->497414th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 414th
union  account in  connection  with the purchase or  redemption  of Fund shares.
Shares  purchased by check or through  QuickBuy and QuickSell or Direct  Deposit
may not be redeemed under this  privilege  until such Shares have been owned for
at least 10 calendar days.  QuickBuy and QuickSell  cannot be used with passbook
savings accounts or for certain tax-deferred plans such as IRAs.                

Dividend  Payment  Option.   Investors  may  have  dividends  and  distributions
automatically   deposited  to  their  predesignated  bank  account  through  DWS
Scudder's Dividend Payment Option request form. Shareholders whose predesignated
checking  account of record is with a member bank of  Automated  Clearing  House
Network  (ACH) can have  income and  capital  gain  distributions  automatically
deposited to their  personal  bank account  usually  within three  business days
after a Fund pays its  distribution.  A Dividend Payment Option request form can
be  obtained  by  visiting  our Web  site  at:  www.dws-scudder.com  or  calling
1-800-728-3337.  Confirmation  Statements  will be  mailed  to  shareholders  as
notification that distributions have been deposited.                            

Tax-Sheltered   Retirement   Plans.  The  Shareholder   Service  Agent  provides
retirement  plan  services  and  documents  and DWS-SDI can  establish  investor
accounts in any of the following types of retirement plans:                     

o        Traditional,  Roth and Education IRAs. This includes Savings  Incentive
         Match Plan for  Employees  of Small  Employers  ("SIMPLE"),  Simplified
     Employee Pension Plan ("SEP") IRA accounts and prototype documents.

o        403(b)(7)  Custodial  Accounts.  This  type  of plan  is  available  to
employees of most non-profit organizations.                   

o        Prototype  money  purchase  pension  and  profit-sharing  plans  may be
adopted by employers.                                         

Brochures  describing these plans as well as model defined benefit plans, target
benefit plans,  457 plans,  401(k) plans,  simple 401(k) plans and materials for
establishing them are available from the Shareholder Service Agent upon request.
Additional fees and transaction policies and procedures may apply to such plans.
Investors  should  consult with their own tax  advisors  before  establishing  a
retirement plan.                                                                

Purchases                                                                       

The Funds  reserve the right to withdraw all or any part of the offering made by
its prospectus and to reject purchase orders for any reason.  Also, from time to
time,  the Funds may  temporarily  suspend  the  offering  of any class of their
shares to new investors.  During the period of such suspension,  persons who are
already  shareholders of such class of such Fund may be permitted to continue to
purchase additional shares of such class and to have dividends reinvested.      

To help the  government  fight the  funding of  terrorism  and money  laundering
activities,  federal law requires all financial  institutions to obtain,  verify
and record  information  that identifies  each person who opens an account.  For
more  information,  please see  "Policies  You Should  Know About" in the Funds'
prospectuses.                                                                   

The Funds may waive the minimum for purchases by trustees,  directors,  officers
or  employees  of the Funds or the Advisor and its  affiliates.  Fees  generally
charged to IRA accounts will be charged to accounts of employees and directors. 

Clients  having a regular  investment  counsel  account  with the Advisor or its
affiliates and members of their  immediate  families,  officers and employees of
the Advisor or of any  affiliated  organization  and members of their  immediate
families,  members  of the  FINRA  and  banks  may,  if they  prefer,  subscribe
initially for at least $2,500 for Class S through DWS Scudder Distributors, Inc.
by letter, fax, or telephone.                                                   

Automatic  Investment  Plan. A shareholder may purchase shares of a Fund through
an automatic investment program.  With the Direct Deposit Purchase Plan ("Direct
Deposit"),  investments  are made  automatically  (minimum  $1,000  and  maximum
$250,000 for both initial and  subsequent  investments)  from the  shareholder's
account at a bank,  savings and loan or credit union into the shareholder's Fund
account.  Termination by a shareholder  will                                    

40

P-->497415th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 415th
become  effective  within  thirty days after the  Shareholder  Service Agent has
received the request.  A Fund may immediately  terminate a shareholder's  Direct
Deposit  in the event  that any item is unpaid  by the  shareholder's  financial
institution.                                                                    

Minimum Subsequent Investment Policies.  For current shareholders there is a $50
minimum investment  requirement for subsequent investments in the fund. There is
no  minimum  subsequent  investment  requirement  for  investments  on behalf of
participants in certain  fee-based and wrap programs  offered through  financial
intermediaries approved by the Advisor.                                         

Payroll  Investment  Plans. A shareholder  may purchase  shares through  Payroll
Direct Deposit or Government  Direct  Deposit.  Under these  programs,  all or a
portion of a shareholder's  net pay or government check is invested each payment
period.  A shareholder may terminate  participation  in these programs by giving
written  notice  to  the  shareholder's   employer  or  government   agency,  as
appropriate.  (A reasonable  time to act is required.) A Fund is not responsible
for the  efficiency of the employer or  government  agency making the payment or
any financial institutions transmitting payments.                               

Expedited Purchase Procedures for Existing  Shareholders.  Shareholders of other
DWS funds who have  submitted an account  application  and have  certified a tax
identification  number, clients having a regular investment counsel account with
the Advisor or its affiliates and members of their immediate families,  officers
and  employees  of the  Advisor  or of any  affiliated  organization  and  their
immediate  families,  members of the NASD, and banks may open an account by wire
by  calling  1-800-728-3337  for  instructions.  The  investor  must send a duly
completed and signed  application  to the Fund promptly.  A subsequent  purchase
order for $10,000 or more that is not greater  than four times an account  value
may be placed by telephone, fax, etc. by established shareholders (except by DWS
Scudder  Individual  Retirement  Account  (IRA),  DWS Scudder  Horizon Plan, DWS
Scudder Profit Sharing and Money Purchase  Pension Plans, DWS Scudder 401(k) and
DWS Scudder 403(b) Plan holders), members of the NASD, and banks.               

It is our policy to offer purchase  privileges to current or former directors or
trustees of the Deutsche or DWS mutual funds,  employees,  their spouses or life
partners and children or step-children age 21 or younger of Deutsche Bank or its
affiliates  or a  sub-adviser  to any  fund  in the DWS  family  of  funds  or a
broker-dealer authorized to sell shares of the funds. Qualified individuals will
generally  be allowed to  purchase  shares in the class with the lowest  expense
ratio,  usually  the  Institutional  Class  shares.  If a Fund  does  not  offer
Institutional  Class shares,  these  individuals  will be allowed to buy Class A
shares at NAV.  The Funds also  reserve the right to waive the  minimum  account
balance  requirement for employee and director accounts.  Fees generally charged
to IRA accounts will be charged to accounts of employees and directors.         

Eligible Class S Investors                                                      

A.        The  following  investors  may  purchase  Class S shares  of DWS Funds
          either (i) directly from DWS Scudder  Distributors,  Inc. ("DWS-SDI"),
          the Fund's  principal  underwriter;  or (ii)  through an  intermediary
          relationship  with a financial  services firm established with respect
to the DWS Funds as of December 31, 2004.                   

          1.      Existing  shareholders of Class S shares of any DWS Fund as of
                  December 31, 2004, and household  members residing at the same
address.                                    

          2.      Shareholders  of Class S of any DWS Fund  who  became  Class S
                  shareholders  in connection  with the  consolidation  of Class
                  AARP  and  Class S on July  17,  2006  and  household  members
residing at the same address.               

          3.      Shareholders who have owned Class S shares  continuously since
                  December 31, 2004 and household  members  residing at the same
                  address  may open new  accounts  for Class S shares of any DWS
Fund.                                       

41

P-->497416th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 416th
          4.      Any  participant  who has owned Class S shares of any DWS Fund
                  through an  employee  sponsored  retirement,  employee  stock,
                  bonus,  pension  or profit  sharing  plan  continuously  since
                  December 31, 2004 may open a new individual  account for Class
S shares of any DWS Fund.                   

          5.      Any  participant  who  owns  Class S  shares  of any DWS  Fund
                  through a retirement, employee stock, bonus, pension or profit
                  sharing plan may complete a direct  rollover to an IRA account
                  that will hold Class S shares. This applies to individuals who
                  begin their retirement plan investments with a DWS Fund at any
time, including after December 31, 2004.    

          6.      Officers, Fund Trustees and Directors, and full-time employees
                and their family members, of the Advisor and its affiliates.

          7.      Class S shares are  available to any  accounts  managed by the
                  Advisor,  any  advisory  products  offered  by the  Advisor or
                  DWS-SDI  and to DWS  Allocation  Series or other fund of funds
managed by the Advisor or its affiliates.   

          8.      Shareholders  of Class S of DWS Emerging  Markets  Equity Fund
                  who became  shareholders  of the fund in  connection  with the
                  fund's acquisition of Scudder New Asia Fund, Inc. on April 17,
2006.                                       

          9.      Shareholders  of Class S of any DWS Fund  who  became  Class S
                  shareholders in connection with the  consolidation  of Class M
                  and Class S on August 18, 2006 and household  members residing
at the same address.                        

          10.     Shareholders  of Class S of any DWS Fund  who  became  Class S
                  shareholders  in connection with the renaming or conversion of
    Investment Class to Class S on October 23, 2006.

B. The following additional investors may purchase Class S shares of DWS Funds. 

          1.      Broker-dealers,   banks  and  registered  investment  advisors
                  ("RIAs")  may  purchase  Class S shares in  connection  with a
                  comprehensive  or  "wrap"  fee  program  or  other  fee  based
program.                                    

          2.      Any  group  retirement,  employee  stock,  bonus,  pension  or
profit-sharing plans.                       

          3.      Persons  who  purchase  shares as part of an  investment  only
placement in a 529 College Savings Plan.    

          4.      Persons who purchase  shares through a Health Savings  Account
                 or a Voluntary Employees' Benefit Association ("VEBA") Trust.

DWS-SDI may, at its discretion,  require appropriate documentation that shows an
investor is eligible to purchase Class S shares.                                

Revenue Sharing                                                                 

In light of recent  regulatory  developments,  the Advisor,  the Distributor and
their affiliates have undertaken to furnish certain additional information below
regarding  the  level  of  payments  made  by them to  selected  affiliated  and
unaffiliated  brokers,  dealers,  participating  insurance  companies  or  other
financial  intermediaries  ("financial  advisors") in  connection  with the sale
and/or  distribution  of  Fund  shares  or the  retention  and/or  servicing  of
investors and Fund shares ("revenue sharing").                                  

The  Advisor,  the  Distributor  and/or  their  affiliates  may  pay  additional
compensation,  out of their own  assets and not as an  additional  charge to the
Fund, to financial  advisors in connection with the sale and/or  distribution of
Fund shares or the retention and/or servicing of Fund investors and Fund shares.
Such revenue  sharing  payments are in addition to any  distribution  or service
fees  payable  under any Rule  12b-1 or  service  plan of any fund,  any  record

42

P-->497417th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 417th
keeping/sub-transfer  agency/networking  fees  payable  by the  Fund  (generally
through the  Distributor  or an  affiliate)  and/or the  Distributor  to certain
financial   advisors  for  performing  such  services  and  any  sales  charges,
commissions,   non-cash  compensation  arrangements  expressly  permitted  under
applicable  rules of FINRA or other  concessions  described  in the fee table or
elsewhere in the  Prospectuses or the SAI as payable to all financial  advisors.
For example, the Advisor, the Distributor and/or their affiliates may compensate
financial  advisors  for  providing  the Fund with "shelf  space" or access to a
third  party  platform  or fund  offering  list,  or  other  marketing  programs
including, without limitation, inclusion of the Fund on preferred or recommended
sales  lists,  mutual  fund  "supermarket"  platforms  and  other  formal  sales
programs;  granting the  Distributor  access to the  financial  advisor's  sales
force;  granting the Distributor access to the financial  advisor's  conferences
and meetings;  assistance  in training and  educating  the  financial  advisor's
personnel; and, obtaining other forms of marketing support. The level of revenue
sharing payments made to financial advisors may be a fixed fee or based upon one
or more of the following factors:  gross sales,  current assets and/or number of
accounts of the Fund attributable to the financial advisor,  the particular fund
or fund type or other  measures  as agreed to by the  Advisor,  the  Distributor
and/or their affiliates and the financial  advisors or any combination  thereof.
The amount of these payments is determined at the discretion of the Advisor, the
Distributor  and/or their affiliates from time to time, may be substantial,  and
may be different for different  financial  advisors  based on, for example,  the
nature of the services provided by the financial advisor.                       

The Advisor,  the  Distributor  and/or their  affiliates  currently make revenue
sharing  payments  from  their own  assets in  connection  with the sale  and/or
distribution of DWS Fund shares, or the retention and/or servicing of investors,
to financial  advisors in amounts that  generally  range from .01% up to .50% of
assets of the Fund serviced and  maintained by the  financial  advisor,  .10% to
..25% of sales of the Fund attributable to the financial  advisor, a flat fee of
$12,500 up to $500,000, or any combination thereof. These amounts are subject to
change  at  the  discretion  of  the  Advisor,   the  Distributor  and/or  their
affiliates.   Receipt  of,  or  the  prospect  of  receiving,   this  additional
compensation, may influence your financial advisor's recommendation of this Fund
or of any  particular  share class of the Fund. You should review your financial
advisor's  compensation  disclosure  and/or  talk to your  financial  advisor to
obtain  more  information  on how this  compensation  may have  influenced  your
financial advisor's recommendation of this Fund.                                

The Advisor,  the Distributor and/or their affiliates may also make such revenue
sharing  payments  to  financial  advisors  under the terms  discussed  above in
connection  with  the  distribution  of both  DWS  funds  and  non-DWS  funds by
financial  advisors to retirement plans that obtain record keeping services from
ADP, Inc. on the DWS Scudder branded  retirement plan platform (the  "Platform")
with the level of revenue  sharing  payments  being based upon sales of both the
DWS funds and the  non-DWS  funds by the  financial  advisor on the  Platform or
current  assets  of both  the DWS  funds  and the  non-DWS  funds  serviced  and
maintained by the financial advisor on the Platform.                            

As of the  date  hereof,  the  Fund  has been  advised  that  the  Advisor,  the
Distributor  and their  affiliates  expect that the following firms will receive
revenue sharing payments at different points during the coming year as described
above:                                                                          

Channel: Broker-Dealers and Financial Advisors                                  

A G Edwards & Sons Inc.                                                         
AIG Advisors Group                                                              
Ameriprise                                                                      
Cadaret, Grant & Co. Inc.                                                       
Capital Analyst, Incorporated                                                   
Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (dba Smith Barney)                               
Commonwealth Equity Services, LLP (dba Commonwealth Financial Network)          
First Clearing/Wachovia Securities                                              
HD Vest Investment Securities, Inc.                                             
ING Group                                                                       
LaSalle Financial Services, Inc. (dba ABN Amro)                                 
Linsco/Private Ledger Corp.                                                     
Marsh Insurance and Investment Company                                          
Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Inc.                                      

43

P-->497418th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 418th
Morgan Stanley                                                                  
Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.                                                         
Pacific Select Distributors Group                                               
Raymond James & Associates                                                      
Raymond James Financial Services                                                
RBC Dain Rauscher, Inc                                                          
Securities America, Inc.                                                        
UBS Financial Services                                                          
Wells Fargo Investments, LLC                                                    

Channel: Cash Product Platform                                                  

ADP Clearing & Outsourcing                                                      
Allegheny Investments LTD                                                       
Bank of New York (Hare & Co.)                                                   
Bear, Stearns Securities Corp.                                                  
Brown Brothers Harriman                                                         
Brown Investment Advisory & Trust Company                                       
Cadaret Grant & Co.                                                             
Chicago Mercantile Exchange                                                     
Citibank NA                                                                     
D.A. Davidson & Company                                                         
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.                                                   
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas                                            
Emmett A. Larkin Company                                                        
Fiduciary Trust Co. - International                                             
H.C. Denison Co.                                                                
Huntleigh Securities                                                            
Investors Bank & Trust                                                          
JPMorgan Chase                                                                  
Lincoln Investment Planning                                                     
Linsco Private Ledger Financial Services                                        
Mellon Financial Markets LLC                                                    
Penson Financial Services                                                       
Pershing Choice Platform                                                        
ProFunds Distributors, Inc.                                                     
Romano Brothers and Company                                                     
SAMCO Capital Markets (Fund Services, Inc.)                                     
Smith Moore & Company                                                           
State Street Bank & Trust Co.                                                   
Sungard Institutional Brokerage Inc.                                            
US Bancorp                                                                      
UBS Financial Services Inc.                                                     
William Blair & Company                                                         

Channel: Third Party Insurance Platforms                                        

Acacia National Life Insurance                                                  
Allmerica Financial Life Insurance Company                                      
Allstate Life Insurance Company of New York                                     
Ameritas Life Insurance Group                                                   
American General Life Insurance Company                                         
Annuity Investors Life Insurance Company                                        
Columbus Life Insurance Company                                                 
Commonwealth Annuity and Life Insurance Company                                 

44

P-->497419th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 419th
Companion Life Insurance Company                                                
Connecticut General Life Insurance Company                                      
Farmers New World Life Insurance Company                                        
Fidelity Security Life Insurance Company                                        
First Allmerica Financial Life Insurance Company                                
Genworth Life Insurance Company of New York                                     
Genworth Life and Annuity Insurance Company                                     
Great West Life and Annuity Insurance Company                                   
Hartford Life Insurance Company                                                 
ICMG Registered Variable Life                                                   
Integrity Life Insurance Company                                                
John Hancock Life Insurance companies                                           
Kemper Investors Life Insurance Company                                         
Lincoln Benefit Life Insurance Company                                          
Lincoln Life & Annuity Company of New York                                      
Lincoln National Life Insurance Company                                         
Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Group                                       
MetLife Group                                                                   
Minnesota Life Insurance Company                                                
Mutual of America Life Insurance Company                                        
National Life Insurance Company                                                 
National Integrity Life Insurance Company                                       
Nationwide Group                                                                
New York Life Insurance and Annuity Corporation                                 
Phoenix Life Insurance Company                                                  
Protective Life Insurance                                                       
Provident Mutual Life Insurance                                                 
Prudential Insurance Company of America                                         
Sun Life GroupSymetra Life Insurance Company                                    
Transamerica Life Insurance Company                                             
Union Central Life Insurance Company                                            
United of Omaha Life Insurance Company                                          
United Investors Life Insurance Company                                         
Western Southern Life Assurance Company                                         

Any additions,  modifications or deletions to the financial advisors  identified
above that have occurred since the date hereof are not reflected.               

The Advisor,  the  Distributor  or their  affiliates  may enter into  additional
revenue sharing arrangements or change or discontinue existing arrangements with
financial advisors at any time without notice.                                  

The  prospect  of  receiving,  or the  receipt  of  additional  compensation  or
promotional  incentives  described above by financial  advisors may provide such
financial advisors and/or their salespersons with an incentive to favor sales of
shares of the DWS Funds or a particular  DWS Fund over sales of shares of mutual
funds (or  non-mutual  fund  investments)  with  respect to which the  financial
advisor does not receive additional compensation or promotional  incentives,  or
receives  lower levels of additional  compensation  or  promotional  incentives.
Similarly,  financial advisors may receive different  compensation or incentives
that may influence  their  recommendation  of any particular  share class of the
Fund or of other funds. These payment arrangements, however, will not change the
price that an investor pays for Fund shares or the amount that the Fund receives
to invest on behalf of an investor and will not increase Fund expenses.  You may
wish to take  such  payment  arrangements  into  account  when  considering  and
evaluating  any  recommendations  relating to Fund shares and you should discuss
this matter with your  financial  advisor  and review your  financial  advisor's
disclosures.                                                                    

45

P-->497420th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 420th
Redemptions                                                                     

Redemption fee. Each Fund imposes a redemption fee of 2% of the total redemption
amount  (calculated at net asset value) on all Fund shares redeemed or exchanged
within 15 days of buying them (either by purchase or exchange).  The  redemption
fee  is  paid  directly  to a  Fund,  and is  designed  to  encourage  long-term
investment and to offset  transaction and other costs associated with short-term
or excessive  trading.  For purposes of  determining  whether the redemption fee
applies,  shares held the longest time will be treated as being  redeemed  first
and shares held the shortest time will be treated as being  redeemed  last.  The
redemption fee is applicable to Fund shares purchased either directly or through
a  financial  intermediary,  such  as  a  broker-dealer.   Transactions  through
financial intermediaries typically are placed with the Funds on an omnibus basis
and include  both  purchase and sale  transactions  placed on behalf of multiple
investors. These purchase and sale transactions are generally netted against one
another and placed on an aggregate  basis;  consequently  the  identities of the
individuals on whose behalf the  transactions are placed generally are not known
to the Funds.  For this reason,  each Fund has  undertaken  to notify  financial
intermediaries  of their  obligation  to assess the  redemption  fee on customer
accounts  and to collect  and remit the  proceeds to the Fund.  However,  due to
operational   requirements,   the  intermediaries'   methods  for  tracking  and
calculating  the fee may be  inadequate  or  differ  in some  respects  from the
Funds'.                                                                         

A Fund may suspend the right of redemption or delay payment more than seven days
(a) during any period when the Exchange is closed other than  customary  weekend
and holiday  closings or during any period in which  trading on the  Exchange is
restricted,  (b) during any period when an emergency exists as a result of which
(i) disposal of the Fund's investments is not reasonably practicable, or (ii) it
is not  reasonably  practicable  for the Fund to determine  the value of its net
assets,  or (c) for such other  periods  as the SEC may by order  permit for the
protection of the Fund's shareholders.                                          

A  request  for  repurchase  (confirmed  redemption)  may be  communicated  by a
shareholder  through a  financial  services  firm to  DWS-SDI,  which firms must
promptly submit orders to be effective.                                         

Redemption  requests  must be  unconditional.  Redemption  requests (and a stock
power for certificated  shares) must be duly endorsed by the account holder.  As
specified  in  the  prospectus,  signatures  may  need  to  be  guaranteed  by a
commercial bank, trust company,  savings and loan  association,  federal savings
bank,  member  firm  of  a  national  securities  exchange  or  other  financial
institution  permitted by SEC rule.  Additional  documentation  may be required,
particularly  from   institutional  and  fiduciary  account  holders,   such  as
corporations,  custodians  (e.g.,  under the Uniform  Transfers  to Minors Act),
executors, administrators, trustees or guardians.                               

If the proceeds of the  redemption  (prior to the  imposition of any  contingent
deferred  sales charge) are $100,000 or less and the proceeds are payable to the
shareholder of record at the address of record,  normally a telephone request or
a written  request by any one account  holder  without a signature  guarantee is
sufficient for  redemptions by individual or joint account  holders,  and trust,
executor  and  guardian  account  holders,  provided  the  trustee,  executor or
guardian  is named in the  account  registration.  Other  institutional  account
holders exercise this special privilege of redeeming shares by telephone request
or written request without signature guarantee subject to the same conditions as
individual account holders, provided that this privilege has been pre-authorized
by the  institutional  account holder by written  instruction to the Shareholder
Service  Agent with  signatures  guaranteed.  This  privilege may not be used to
redeem shares held in certificated form and may not be used if the shareholder's
account has had an address change within 15 days of the redemption request.     

Wires.  Delivery of the proceeds of a wire redemption of $250,000 or more may be
delayed  by a Fund for up to seven days if the Fund or the  Shareholder  Service
Agent deems it appropriate under then-current market conditions.  The ability to
send wires is limited by the business hours and holidays of the firms  involved.
A Fund is not  responsible  for the efficiency of the federal wire system or the
account  holder's  financial  services  firm or  bank.  The  account  holder  is
responsible  for any charges  imposed by the account  holder's  firm or bank. To
change the  designated  account  to receive  wire  redemption  proceeds,  send a
written request to the Fund Shareholder Service Agent with signatures guaranteed
as described above or contact the firm through which Fund shares were purchased.

Automatic  Withdrawal  Plan.  The owner of $5,000 or more of a class of a Fund's
shares at the offering  price (net asset value) may provide for the payment from
the owner's account of any requested  dollar amount to be paid to the           

46

P-->497421st Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 421st
owner or a designated payee monthly,  quarterly,  semiannually or annually.  The
$5,000  minimum  account size is not  applicable to IRAs.  The minimum  periodic
payment is $50. The maximum  annual rate at which shares  subject to CDSC may be
redeemed is 12% of the net asset value of the  account.  Shares are  redeemed so
that the payee  should  receive  payment  approximately  the first of the month.
Investors using this Plan must reinvest Fund distributions.                     

Non-retirement plan shareholders may establish an Automatic Withdrawal Plan (the
"Plan") to receive  monthly,  quarterly or periodic  redemptions from his or her
account for any  designated  amount of $50 or more.  Shareholders  may designate
which day they want the automatic withdrawal to be processed.  The check amounts
may be based on the  redemption  of a fixed dollar  amount,  fixed share amount,
percent of account  value or  declining  balance.  The Plan  provides for income
dividends  and  capital  gains  distributions,  if  any,  to  be  reinvested  in
additional  Shares.  Shares are then  liquidated  as  necessary  to provide  for
withdrawal  payments.  Since the  withdrawals  are in  amounts  selected  by the
investor and have no relationship to yield or income,  payments  received cannot
be  considered  as  yield  or  income  on  the   investment  and  the  resulting
liquidations may deplete or possibly  extinguish the initial  investment and any
reinvested dividends and capital gains distributions.  Any such requests must be
received by a Portfolio's transfer agent ten days prior to the date of the first
automatic withdrawal. An Automatic Withdrawal Plan may be terminated at any time
by the  shareholder,  the  Trust or its  agent on  written  notice,  and will be
terminated when all Shares of a Portfolio under the Plan have been liquidated or
upon receipt by the Trust of notice of death of the shareholder.                

In-kind  Redemptions.  The Funds  reserve  the right to honor  any  request  for
redemption or repurchase  by making  payment in whole or in part in  securities.
These securities will be chosen by a Fund and valued as they are for purposes of
computing  the Fund's  net asset  value.  A  shareholder  may incur  transaction
expenses in converting these securities to cash.                                

Exchanges                                                                       

Shareholders  may request a taxable  exchange of their  shares for shares of the
corresponding  class of other DWS Funds  without  imposition  of a sales charge,
subject to the provisions  below. For purposes of calculating any CDSC,  amounts
exchanged retain their original cost and purchase date.                         

Shares of money  market  funds that were  acquired  by purchase  (not  including
shares acquired by dividend  reinvestment)  are subject to the applicable  sales
charge on exchange.  Series of DWS Target Fund are  available  on exchange  only
during  the  offering  period for such  series as  described  in the  applicable
prospectus.  Tax Free Money Fund - Investment  Class,  NY Tax-Free  Money Fund -
Investment Class,  Treasury Money Fund -- Investment Class,  Money Market Fund -
Investment  Class,  Cash  Management  Fund  Institutional,  Cash  Reserves  Fund
Institutional,  Treasury Money Fund --  Institutional,  Cash Reserve Fund,  Inc.
Prime Series,  Tax-Exempt  California  Money Market Fund, Cash Account Trust and
Investors  Cash Trust are  available  on exchange  but only  through a financial
services  firm having a services  agreement  with DWS-SDI.  All exchanges  among
money  funds  must  meet   applicable   investor   eligibility   and  investment
requirements.  Exchanges  may only be made for funds that are available for sale
in the shareholder's state of residence.  Currently, Tax-Exempt California Money
Market Fund is available for sale only in California.                           

Shareholders must obtain prospectuses of the Funds they are exchanging into from
dealers, other firms or DWS-SDI.                                                

Automatic Exchange Plan. The owner of $1,000 or more of any class of shares of a
DWS Fund may  authorize  the  automatic  exchange  of a  specified  amount  ($50
minimum) of such  shares for shares of the same class of another  such DWS Fund.
Exchanges  will  be  made  automatically  until  the  shareholder  or  the  Fund
terminates  the  privilege.  Exchanges  are subject to the terms and  conditions
described above.                                                                

Dividends                                                                       

Each Fund intends to distribute  its investment  company  taxable income and any
net realized  capital gains in November or December to avoid federal excise tax,
although an additional distribution may be made if necessary.                   

47

P-->497422nd Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 422nd
Each Fund  intends  to  distribute  dividends  from its net  investment  income,
excluding short-term capital gains, annually in November and December. Each Fund
intends to distribute  net realized  capital gains after  utilization of capital
loss carryforwards, if any, in November and December to prevent application of a
federal excise tax. An additional distribution may be made, if necessary.       

Any dividends or capital gains  distributions  declared in October,  November or
December  with a record  date in such a month  and  paid  during  the  following
January will be treated by  shareholders  for federal  income tax purposes as if
received on December 31 of the calendar year declared.                          

Income  and  capital  gain  dividends,  if any,  of a Fund will be  credited  to
shareholder accounts in full and fractional shares of the same class of the Fund
at net asset value on the reinvestment  date,  except that, upon written request
to the Shareholder  Service Agent, a shareholder may select one of the following
options:                                                                        

1.       To receive  income and  short-term  capital gain  dividends in cash and
         long-term  capital  gain  dividends  in shares of the same class at net
asset value; or                                               

2.       To receive income and capital gain dividends in cash.                  

Dividends  will be  reinvested  in  shares  of the same  class of a Fund  unless
shareholders  indicate in writing  that they wish to receive  them in cash or in
shares  of other  DWS  Funds  with  multiple  classes  of shares or DWS Funds as
provided in the  prospectus.  To use this privilege of investing  dividends of a
Fund in shares of another DWS Fund, shareholders must maintain a minimum account
value of $1,000 in the Fund  distributing  the  dividends.  A Fund will reinvest
dividend checks (and future  dividends) in shares of that same Fund and class if
checks are returned as undeliverable.  Dividends and other  distributions of the
Fund in the  aggregate  amount of $10 or less are  automatically  reinvested  in
shares of the same class of the Fund unless the shareholder  requests in writing
that a check be issued for that particular distribution.                        

If an investment is in the form of a retirement  plan, all dividends and capital
gains distributions must be reinvested into the shareholder's account.          

If  a  shareholder   has  elected  to  reinvest  any   dividends   and/or  other
distributions,  such  distributions  will be made in  shares  of that  Fund  and
confirmations will be mailed to each shareholder. If a shareholder has chosen to
receive cash, a check will be sent.  Distributions of investment company taxable
income and net realized  capital  gains are  taxable,  whether made in shares or
cash.                                                                           

Each  distribution  is  accompanied  by a  brief  explanation  of the  form  and
character of the  distribution.  The  characterization  of distributions on such
correspondence may differ from the characterization for federal tax purposes. In
January of each year,  each Fund issues to each  shareholder  a statement of the
federal income tax status of all distributions in the prior calendar year.      

Each Fund may at any time vary its foregoing dividend practices and,  therefore,
reserves  the  right  from  time to time to  either  distribute  or  retain  for
reinvestment  such of its net  investment  income  and  its net  short-term  and
long-term  capital  gains as its  Board  determines  appropriate  under the then
current circumstances. In particular, and without limiting the foregoing, a Fund
may make additional  distributions of net investment  income or capital gain net
income in order to satisfy the minimum  distribution  requirements  contained in
the Code.                                                                       

FEDERAL INCOME TAXES

The following is intended to be a general  summary of certain federal income tax
consequences  of  investing  in the  Funds.  It is not  intended  as a  complete
discussion  of all such  consequences,  nor  does it  purport  to deal  with all
categories of investors.  Investors are therefore  advised to consult with their
tax advisors before making an investment in a Fund.                             

48

P-->497423rd Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 423rd
Taxation of the Funds.  Each Fund  intends to elect to be treated and to qualify
each year as a regulated  investment  company under Subchapter M of the Code. In
order to qualify for the special tax  treatment  accorded  regulated  investment
companies and their shareholders, each Fund must, among other things:           

(a)  derive at least  90% of its gross  income  for each  taxable  year from (i)
dividends,  interest,  payments with respect to certain  securities  loans,  and
gains  from  the sale or other  disposition  of  stock,  securities  or  foreign
currencies,  or other income  (including  but not limited to gains from options,
futures, or forward contracts) derived with respect to its business of investing
in such stock,  securities,  or  currencies;  and (ii) net income  derived  from
interest in "qualified publicly traded partnerships" (as defined below);        

(b)  diversify  its  holdings so that,  at the end of each quarter of the Fund's
taxable year, (i) at least 50% of the market value of the Fund's total assets is
represented  by cash and cash items,  US  Government  securities,  securities of
other regulated investment companies, and other securities limited in respect of
any one issuer to a value not greater  than 5% of the value of the Fund's  total
assets  and not  more  than 10% of the  outstanding  voting  securities  of such
issuer,  and (ii) not more than 25% of the value of the Fund's  total  assets is
invested (x) in the  securities  (other than those of the US Government or other
regulated  investment  companies)  of any one  issuer or of two or more  issuers
which the Fund controls and which are engaged in the same,  similar,  or related
trades or businesses, or (y) in the securities of one or more qualified publicly
traded  partnerships (as defined below). In the case of the Fund's investment in
loan  participations,  the Fund shall treat both the financial  intermediary and
the issuer of the underlying  loan as an issuer for the purposes of meeting this
diversification requirement; and                                                

(c) distribute  with respect to each taxable year at least 90% of the sum of its
investment  company  taxable income (as that term is defined in the Code without
regard to the deduction for dividends paid -- generally, taxable ordinary income
and the  excess,  if any, of net  short-term  capital  gains over net  long-term
capital losses) and net tax-exempt interest income, for such year..             

In  general,  for  purposes of the 90% gross  income  requirement  described  in
paragraph  (a)  above,  income  derived  from a  partnership  will be treated as
qualifying  income only to the extent such  income is  attributable  to items of
income of the  partnership  which would be qualifying  income if realized by the
regulated  investment company.  However,  100% of the net income derived from an
interest in a "qualified publicly traded partnership"  (defined as a partnership
(i) interests in which are traded on an established securities market or readily
tradable on a secondary  market or the substantial  equivalent  thereof and (ii)
that derives less than 90% of its income from the qualifying income described in
paragraph  (a)(i)  above) will be treated as  qualifying  income.  In  addition,
although in general the passive loss rules of the Code do not apply to regulated
investment companies, such rules do apply to a regulated investment company with
respect to items  attributable  to an interest in a  qualified  publicly  traded
partnership. Finally, for purposes of paragraph (b) above, the term "outstanding
voting  securities  of such  issuer"  will  include the equity  securities  of a
qualified publicly traded partnership.                                          

If a Fund qualifies as a regulated  investment  company that is accorded special
tax  treatment,  such Fund will not be subject  to federal  income tax on income
distributed  in a timely  manner to its  shareholders  in the form of  dividends
(including Capital Gain Dividends, as defined below).                           

If for any taxable year a Fund does not qualify for the special  federal  income
tax treatment afforded regulated investment companies, all of its taxable income
will be subject to federal  income tax at regular  corporate  rates (without any
deduction for distributions to its  shareholders),  and all  distributions  from
earnings and profits,  including any  distributions of net tax-exempt income and
net long-term capital gains, will be taxable to shareholders as ordinary income.
Such  distributions  would be eligible (i) to be treated as "qualified  dividend
income," in the case of individual and other noncorporate shareholders,  subject
to reduced rates of federal income taxation for taxable years  beginning  before
January 1, 2011 and (ii) for the 70% dividends received deduction in the case of
corporate  shareholders.  In addition,  such Fund could be required to recognize
unrealized  gains,  pay  substantial  taxes and  interest  and make  substantial
distributions  before  requalifying  as a regulated  investment  company that is
accorded special tax treatment.                                                 

Each Fund is subject to a 4% nondeductible  excise tax on amounts required to be
but not distributed under a prescribed formula.  The formula requires payment to
shareholders  during a calendar year of distributions                           

49

P-->497424th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 424th
representing at least 98% of the Fund's taxable ordinary income for the calendar
year and at least 98% of the excess of its  capital  gains over  capital  losses
realized  during the one-year  period ending  October 31 (in most cases) of such
year as well as  amounts  that were  neither  distributed  nor taxed to the Fund
during the prior  calendar  year.  Although  each Fund's  distribution  policies
should  enable it to avoid  excise  tax  liability,  a Fund may  retain  (and be
subject  to income or excise  tax on) a  portion  of its  capital  gain or other
income if it appears to be in the interest of such Fund.                        

Taxation of Fund Distributions.  For federal income tax purposes,  distributions
of  investment  income  are  generally  taxable  as  ordinary  income.  Taxes on
distributions  of  capital  gains are  determined  by how long a Fund  owned the
investments  that generated  them,  rather than how long a shareholder has owned
his or  her  shares.  Distributions  of net  capital  gains  from  the  sale  of
investments  that a Fund  owned  for more  than  one year and that are  properly
designated by the Fund as capital gain dividends ("Capital Gain Dividends") will
be taxable as long-term  capital gains.  Distributions of gains from the sale of
investments  that a Fund owned for one year or less will be taxable as  ordinary
income.  For taxable years beginning  before January 1, 2011,  distributions  of
investment  income  designated  by a Fund as derived  from  "qualified  dividend
income" will be taxed in the hands of  individuals  at the rates  applicable  to
long-term capital gain,  provided holding period and other  requirements are met
at both the shareholder and Fund levels.                                        

Distributions  are taxable to shareholders  even if they are paid from income or
gains earned by a Fund before a shareholder's investment (and thus were included
in  the  price  the  shareholder   paid).   Distributions  are  taxable  whether
shareholders  receive them in cash or reinvest them in additional shares through
the reinvestment  privilege. A shareholder whose distributions are reinvested in
shares will be treated as having  received a dividend  equal to either:  (i) the
fair market value of the new shares  issued to the  shareholder,  or (ii) if the
shares are trading  below net asset value,  the amount of cash  allocated to the
shareholder  for the  purchase of shares on its behalf in the open  market.  Any
gain  resulting  from the sale or  exchange  of Fund  shares  generally  will be
taxable as capital gains.                                                       

Long-term  capital gain rates  applicable to individuals  have been  temporarily
reduced -- in general,  to 15% with lower rates applying to taxpayers in the 10%
and 15% rate brackets -- for taxable years beginning before January 1, 2011.    

For taxable years beginning before January 1, 2011,  "qualified dividend income"
received by an  individual  will be taxed at the rates  applicable  to long-term
capital  gain.  In order for some  portion of the  dividends  received by a Fund
shareholder to be "qualified dividend income," the Fund must meet holding period
and other  requirements  with  respect to some  portion of the  dividend  paying
stocks in its portfolio and the  shareholder  must meet holding period and other
requirements  with respect to each Fund's shares. A dividend will not be treated
as qualified  dividend  income (at either the Fund or shareholder  level) (1) if
the dividend is received  with respect to any share of stock held for fewer than
61 days during the 121-day period  beginning on the date which is 60 days before
the date on which such share becomes  ex-dividend  with respect to such dividend
(or, in the case of certain  preferred  stock, 91 days during the 181-day period
beginning  90 days before such date),  (2) to the extent that the  recipient  is
under an  obligation  (whether  pursuant to a short sale or  otherwise)  to make
related payments with respect to positions in  substantially  similar or related
property,  (3) if the recipient  elects to have the dividend  income  treated as
investment  interest,  or  (4) if  the  dividend  is  received  from  a  foreign
corporation that is (a) not eligible for the benefits of a comprehensive  income
tax treaty with the United States (with the exception of dividends paid on stock
of such a foreign  corporation  readily  tradable on an  established  securities
market in the United  States) or (b)  treated  as a passive  foreign  investment
company.                                                                        

In  general,  distributions  of  investment  income  designated  by each Fund as
derived from  qualified  dividend  income will be treated as qualified  dividend
income by a shareholder  taxed as an individual  provided the shareholder  meets
the holding period and other  requirements  described  above with respect to the
Fund's shares. If the aggregate  qualified  dividends  received by a Fund during
any taxable  year are 95% or more of its gross  income,  then 100% of the Fund's
dividends (other than dividends  properly  designated as Capital Gain Dividends)
will be eligible to be treated as qualified  dividend income.  For this purpose,
the  only  gain  included  in the  term  "gross  income"  is the  excess  of net
short-term capital gain over net long-term capital loss.                        

50

P-->497425th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 425th
Special tax rules apply to investments  through defined  contribution  plans and
other  tax-qualified  plans.  Shareholders  should  consult their tax adviser to
determine  the  suitability  of shares of a fund as an  investment  through such
plans  and  the  precise  effect  of and  investment  on  their  particular  tax
situation.                                                                      

All distributions by a Fund result in a reduction in the net asset value of that
Fund's  shares.  Should  a  distribution  reduce  the net  asset  value  below a
shareholder's cost basis, such distribution would nevertheless be taxable to the
shareholder as ordinary income or capital gain as described above,  even though,
from an investment standpoint, it may constitute a partial return of capital. In
particular,  investors  should be careful to consider  the tax  implications  of
buying  shares just prior to a  distribution.  The price of shares  purchased at
that time includes the amount of the forthcoming distribution.  Those purchasing
just prior to a  distribution  will receive a partial return of capital upon the
distribution, which will nevertheless be taxable to them.                       

Capital gains  distributions  may be reduced if Fund capital loss  carryforwards
are available.  Any capital loss  carryforwards  to which a Fund is entitled are
disclosed in such Fund's annual and semi-annual reports to shareholders.        

Dividends Received Deduction.  Dividends from domestic corporations may comprise
a substantial part of each Fund's gross income. If any such dividends constitute
a portion of a Fund's gross  income,  a portion of the income  distributions  of
such Fund may be  eligible  for the 70%  deduction  for  dividends  received  by
corporations. Shareholders will be informed of the portion of dividends which so
qualify. The dividends-received deduction is reduced to the extent the shares of
a Fund  with  respect  to which  the  dividends  are  received  are  treated  as
debt-financed  under  federal  income tax law and is  eliminated if either those
shares or the  shares of a Fund are  deemed to have been held by the Fund or the
shareholder,  as the case may be, for less than 46 days during the 91-day period
beginning 45 days before the shares become ex-dividend.                         

Transactions  in Fund Shares.  The sale,  exchange or  redemption of shares of a
Fund may give rise to a gain or loss. In general, any gain or loss realized upon
a taxable  disposition  of shares will be treated as  long-term  capital gain or
loss if the shares have been held for more than 12 months.  Otherwise,  the gain
or loss on the  taxable  disposition  of  shares of a Fund  will be  treated  as
short-term gain or loss.  However,  any loss realized upon a taxable disposition
of shares held for six months or less will be treated as long-term,  rather than
short-term,  to the extent of any long-term capital gain distributions  received
(or deemed  received) by the  shareholder  with respect to the shares.  All or a
portion of any loss realized upon a taxable disposition of shares of a Fund will
be disallowed if other  substantially  identical  shares of a Fund are purchased
within 30 days before or after the disposition. In such a case, the basis of the
newly purchased shares will be adjusted to reflect the disallowed loss.         

Foreign  Taxation.  Foreign  withholding  or other foreign taxes with respect to
income  (possibly  including,  in some cases,  capital gains) on certain foreign
securities may occur.  These taxes may be reduced or eliminated  under the terms
of an applicable US income tax treaty.                                          

So long as more than 50% of the value of the total assets of a Fund at the close
of the taxable year consists of securities in foreign corporations, the Fund may
make an election  under  Section 853 of the Code to enable the  shareholders  to
claim a credit or deduction (subject to limitations) on their federal income tax
returns  for their  pro rata  portion  of  qualified  taxes  paid by the Fund to
foreign   countries  (which  taxes  relate  primarily  to  investment   income).
Shareholders  will treat such  amounts  as part of their  distribution  from the
Fund.  The foreign tax credit  available to  shareholders  is subject to certain
limitations and restrictions imposed by the Code.                               

If a Fund does not make the election  permitted  under  section 853 of the Code,
any foreign  taxes paid or accrued  will  represent  an expense to the Fund that
will reduce its investment company taxable income. In such a case,  shareholders
will not be able to claim  either a credit  or a  deduction  for  their pro rata
portion of such taxes paid by the Fund,  nor will  shareholders  be  required to
treat as part of the amounts  distributed to them their pro rata portion of such
taxes paid.                                                                     

Foreign  Currency  Transactions.  A Fund's  transactions in foreign  currencies,
foreign-currency-denominated  debt  obligations  and  certain  foreign  currency
options,  futures contracts and forward contracts (and similar  instruments)    

51

P-->497426th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 426th
may give rise to  ordinary  income  or loss to the  extent  such  income or loss
results from fluctuations in the value of the foreign currency concerned.       

Passive Foreign  Investment  Companies.  Equity investments by a Fund in certain
"passive foreign investment  companies"  ("PFICs") could potentially subject the
Fund to a US federal income tax (including  interest  charges) on  distributions
received from the company or on proceeds received from the disposition of shares
in the company,  which tax cannot be eliminated by making  distributions to Fund
shareholders.  However, such Fund may elect to avoid the imposition of that tax.
For example, a Fund may elect to treat a PFIC as a "qualified  electing fund" (a
"QEF  election"),  in which case the Fund would be required to include its share
of the company's income and net capital gains annually, regardless of whether it
receives any distribution from the company.  Such Fund also may make an election
to mark the gains  (and to a limited  extent  losses) in such  holdings  "to the
market" as though it had sold and repurchased its holdings in those PFICs on the
last day of the Fund's  taxable  year.  Such  gains and  losses  are  treated as
ordinary  income and loss. The QEF and  mark-to-market  elections may accelerate
the  recognition of income (without the receipt of cash) and increase the amount
required to be distributed by a Fund to avoid  taxation.  Making either of these
elections  therefore  may  require  such  Fund to  liquidate  other  investments
(including  when  it is not  advantageous  to do so) to  meet  its  distribution
requirement,  which also may accelerate  the  recognition of gain and affect the
Fund's total return.  Dividends paid by PFICs will not be eligible to be treated
as "qualified dividend income."                                                 

Taxation of Certain  Investments.  A Fund's  investment in zero coupon bonds and
other debt  obligations  having  original  issue  discount may cause the Fund to
recognize  taxable income in excess of any cash received from the investment.  A
portion of the difference  between the issue price of zero coupon securities and
their face value  (`original  issue  discount")  is considered to be income to a
Fund each year,  even though the Fund will not receive  cash  interest  payments
from these securities. This original issue discount imputed income will comprise
a part  of the  investment  company  taxable  income  of a Fund,  which  must be
distributed to shareholders in order to maintain the  qualification  of the Fund
as a regulated  investment company and to avoid federal income tax at the Fund's
level.                                                                          

Some debt  obligations with a fixed maturity date of more than one year from the
date of issuance (and all  zero-coupon  debt  obligations  with a fixed maturity
date of more than one year from the date of  issuance)  that are  acquired  by a
Fund  will be  treated  as debt  obligations  that are  issued  originally  at a
discount.  Generally,  the  amount of the  original  issue  discount  ("OID") is
treated as interest income and is included in taxable income (and required to be
distributed)  over the term of the debt  security,  even though  payment of that
amount  is not  received  until a later  time,  usually  when the debt  security
matures. In addition,  payment-in-kind securities will give rise to income which
is  required to be  distributed  and is taxable  even though a Fund  holding the
security receives no interest payment in cash on the security during the year.  

Some debt  obligations with a fixed maturity date of more than one year from the
date of  issuance  that are  acquired by a Fund in the  secondary  market may be
treated  as  having  market  discount.  Generally,  any gain  recognized  on the
disposition  of, and any partial payment of principal on, a debt security having
market  discount  is treated  as  ordinary  income to the  extent  the gain,  or
principal  payment,  does not exceed the "accrued market  discount" on such debt
security. Market discount generally accrues in equal daily installments.  A Fund
may make one or more of the  elections  applicable  to debt  obligations  having
market  discount,  which could affect the character and timing of recognition of
income.                                                                         

In addition, if a Fund invests in high yield original issue discount obligations
issued by  corporations  (including  tax-exempt  obligations),  a portion of the
original  issue  discount  accruing on the  obligation may be treated as taxable
dividend income. In such event,  dividends of investment  company taxable income
received from a Fund by its  shareholders,  to the extent  attributable  to such
portion of accrued original issue discount, would be taxable. Any such dividends
received by a Fund's  corporate  shareholders  may be eligible for the deduction
for dividends received by corporations.                                         

Any market discount recognized on a bond is taxable as ordinary income. A market
discount bond is a bond  acquired on the  secondary  market at a price below its
redemption  value (or its  adjusted  issue price if issued with  original  issue
discount).  Absent an election  to include  the market  discount in income as it
accrues,  gain on the                                                           

52

P-->497427th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 427th
disposition of such an obligation will be treated as ordinary income (instead of
capital gain) to the extent of accrued market discount.                         

A Fund may invest to a significant  extent in debt  obligations  that are in the
lowest rating  categories or are unrated,  including debt obligations of issuers
not  currently  paying  interest  or who  are in  default.  Investments  in debt
obligations  that are at risk of or in default  present special tax issues for a
Fund.  Tax rules are not  entirely  clear  about  issues such as when a Fund may
cease to accrue interest,  original issue discount or market discount,  when and
to what extent deductions may be taken for bad debts or worthless securities and
how payments  received on  obligations  in default  should be allocated  between
principal and income. These and other related issues will be addressed by a Fund
when, as and if it invests in such  securities,  in order to seek to ensure that
it  distributes  sufficient  income  to  preserve  its  status  as  a  regulated
investment  company and does not become subject to U.S. federal income or excise
tax.                                                                            

If a Fund engages in hedging  transactions,  including  hedging  transactions in
options,  futures contracts,  and straddles,  or other similar transactions,  it
will  be  subject   to  special   tax  rules   (including   constructive   sale,
mark-to-market,  straddle, wash sale, and short sale rules), the effect of which
may be to  accelerate  income to the  Fund,  defer  losses  to the  Fund,  cause
adjustments in the holding periods of the Fund's  securities,  convert long-term
capital gains into short-term capital gains or convert short-term capital losses
into long-term  capital losses.  These rules could therefore  affect the amount,
timing and character of distributions  to shareholders.  Such Fund will endeavor
to make any  available  elections  pertaining to such  transactions  in a manner
believed to be in the best interests of the Fund.                               

Certain of a Fund's hedging activities may produce a difference between its book
income and the sum of its net  tax-exempt and taxable  income.  If a Fund's book
income exceeds its tax-exempt  income,  the distribution (if any) of such excess
will be treated as (i) a dividend to the extent of the Fund's remaining earnings
and profits  (including  earnings and profits arising from  tax-exempt  income),
(ii) thereafter as a return of capital to the extent of the recipient's basis in
the shares,  and (iii) thereafter as gain from the sale or exchange of a capital
asset.  If a Fund's book income is less than the sum of its net  tax-exempt  and
taxable income, such Fund could be required to make distributions exceeding book
income to qualify as a regulated investment company that is accorded special tax
treatment.                                                                      

In general,  excess  inclusion  income  allocated to shareholders  (i) cannot be
offset by net  operating  losses  (subject  to a limited  exception  for certain
thrift  institutions),  (ii) will constitute  unrelated  business taxable income
("UBTI")  to  entities  (including  a  qualified  pension  plan,  an  individual
retirement  account,  a 401(k)  plan, a Keogh plan or other  tax-exempt  entity)
subject to tax on unrelated business income,  thereby potentially requiring such
an entity that is allocated excess inclusion income,  and otherwise might not be
required to file a tax return,  to file a tax return and pay tax on such income,
and  (iii) in the case of a  non-U.S.  shareholder,  will  not  qualify  for any
reduction in U.S. federal  withholding tax (discussed  below). Any investment in
residual  interests of a Collateralized  Mortgage  Obligation (a "CMO") that has
elected to be treated as a REMIC  likewise  can  create  complex  tax  problems,
especially  if a Fund  has  state  or  local  governments  or  other  tax-exempt
organizations as shareholders.  A tax-exempt  shareholder will recognize UBTI by
virtue  of  its  investment  in  a  Fund  if  shares  in  the  Fund   constitute
debt-financed  property in the hands of the  tax-exempt  shareholder  within the
meaning of Code  Section  514(b).  Furthermore,  a  tax-exempt  shareholder  may
recognize  UBTI if a Fund  recognizes  "excess  inclusion  income"  derived from
direct or indirect investments in REMIC residual interests or TMPs if the amount
of such income  recognized  by the Fund  exceeds the Fund's  investment  company
taxable  income (after taking into account  deductions for dividends paid by the
Fund).                                                                          

Under  legislation  enacted in December  2006, if a charitable  remainder  trust
(defined in section 664 of the Code)  realizes any  unrelated  business  taxable
income for a taxable year, it must pay an excise tax annually of an amount equal
to such UBTI. Under IRS guidance issued in November 2006, a charitable remainder
trust will not  recognize  UBTI solely as a result of  investing  in a fund that
recognizes  "excess inclusion income." Rather, if at any time during any taxable
year  a  charitable   remainder  trust  (or  one  of  certain  other  tax-exempt
shareholders, such as the United States, a state or political subdivision, or an
agency or instrumentality  thereof, and certain energy cooperatives) is a record
holder of a share in a fund that recognizes  "excess inclusion income," then the
fund will be subject to a tax equal to that  portion  of its  "excess  inclusion
income" for the taxable year that is allocable to such shareholders,  multiplied
by the highest  federal income tax rate imposed on  corporations.  The extent to
which  this                                                                     

53

P-->497428th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 428th
IRS guidance  remains  applicable in light of the December 2006  legislation  is
unclear.  To the  extent  permitted  under  the 1940  Act,  a Fund may  elect to
specially allocate any such tax to the applicable charitable remainder trust, or
other shareholder, and thus reduce such shareholder's distributions for the year
by the amount of the tax that  relates  to such  shareholder's  interest  in the
Fund. The Funds have not yet determined whether such an election will be made.  

Special rules apply to distributions to foreign shareholders from a Fund that is
either a "U.S.  real  property  holding  corporation"  ("USRPHC")  or would be a
USRPHC but for the operation of certain  exceptions to the  definition  thereof.
Additionally,  special  rules  apply to the sale of  shares  in a Fund that is a
USRPHC. Very generally,  a USRPHC is a domestic corporation that holds U.S. real
property interests  ("USRPIs") -- defined very generally in turn as any interest
in U.S. real property or any equity  interest in a USRPHC - when the fair market
value of a  corporations  USRPIs  equals or  exceeds  50% of the sum of the fair
market values of the  corporation's  USRPIs,  interests in real property located
outside the United States and other assets combined. A Fund that holds (directly
or indirectly) significant interests in REITs may be a USRPHC. The special rules
discussed  below  will also apply to  distributions  from a Fund that would be a
USRPHC absent  exclusions from USRPI treatment for (1) interests in domestically
controlled  REITs  and (2)  not-greater-than-5%  interests  in  publicly  traded
classes of stock in REITs.                                                      

In the  case of  Funds  that  would  be  USRPHCs  but  for  the  above-mentioned
exceptions  from the definition of USRPIs,  amounts the Fund receives from REITs
derived from gains realized from USRPIs will retain their character as USRPIs in
the hands of the Fund's foreign  shareholders (as will any direct USRPI gain the
Fund recognizes).  In the hands of a foreign shareholder that holds (or has held
in the prior  year) more than a 5% interest in the Fund,  such  amounts  will be
treated as gains  "effectively  connected" with the conduct of a "U.S.  trade or
business" subject to tax at graduated rates. Moreover, such shareholders will be
required  to file a U.S.  income  tax  return  for the year in which the gain is
recognized  and the Fund will be required to withhold  35% of the amount of such
distribution.  In the case of all other foreign shareholders (i.e., those with a
5%-or-smaller  interest in the Fund), the USRPI  distribution will be treated as
ordinary   income   (regardless  of  any  designation  by  the  Fund  that  such
distribution  is a Capital  Gain  Dividend),  and the Fund will be  required  to
withhold  30%  (or a  lower  applicable  treaty  rate)  of  the  amount  of  the
distribution  paid to such foreign  shareholder.  Foreign  shareholders  of such
funds are also  subject to "wash  sale" rules to prevent  the  avoidance  of the
tax-filing and -payment  obligations  discussed in the above paragraphs  through
the sale and repurchase of Fund shares.                                         

In addition, a Fund that is a USRPHC must withhold 10% of the amount realized in
a redemption by a greater-than-5% foreign shareholder, and that shareholder must
file a U.S.  income tax return for the year of the  disposition of the USRPI and
pay any additional tax due on the gain. Prior to January 1, 2008, no withholding
generally is required  with respect to amounts paid in redemption of shares of a
Fund that is a USRPHC  and is also  domestically  controlled.  As of the date of
this filing, it is not clear that this exception will be extended by Congress.  

Backup  Withholding.  Under  the  backup  withholding  provisions  of the  Code,
redemption  proceeds as well as  distributions  may be subject to federal income
tax withholding for certain shareholders,  including those who fail to furnish a
Fund with their taxpayer  identification  numbers and certifications as to their
tax status.                                                                     

Non-US  Shareholders.  Capital Gain Dividends will not be subject to withholding
of federal income tax. In general, dividends (other than Capital Gain Dividends)
paid by each Fund to a shareholder  that is not a "US person" within the meaning
of the Code (such shareholder, a "foreign person") are subject to withholding of
US federal income tax at a rate of 30% (or lower applicable treaty rate) even if
they are  funded by  income or gains  (such as  portfolio  interest,  short-term
capital gains, or foreign-source  dividend and interest income) that, if paid to
a  foreign  person  directly,  would not be  subject  to  withholding.  However,
effective for taxable years of a Fund  beginning  before  January 1, 2008,  each
Fund  will  not be  required  to  withhold  any  amounts  (i)  with  respect  to
distributions  (other than  distributions  to a foreign  person (w) that has not
provided a satisfactory  statement that the beneficial owner is not a US person,
(x) to the extent that the dividend is  attributable  to certain  interest on an
obligation if the foreign  person is the issuer or is a 10%  shareholder  of the
issuer,  (y) that is within  certain  foreign  countries  that  have  inadequate
information  exchange with the United States,  or (z) to the extent the dividend
is  attributable  to interest  paid by a person that is a related  person of the
foreign person and the foreign person is a controlled foreign  corporation) from
US-source  interest income that, in general,  would not be subject to US federal
income tax if earned  directly by an individual  foreign  person,  to the extent
such  distributions are properly  designated by each Fund, and (ii) with respect

54

P-->497429th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 429th
to distributions  (other than  distributions to an individual foreign person who
is present in the United States for a period or periods  aggregating 183 days or
more during the year of the  distribution)  of net  short-term  capital gains in
excess of net long-term  capital losses,  to the extent such  distributions  are
properly designated by the Fund. Depending on the circumstances, a Fund may make
such designations with respect to all, some or none of its potentially  eligible
dividends  and/or treat such  dividends,  in whole or in part, as ineligible for
this  exemption  from  withholding.  In order to qualify for this exemption from
withholding,  a foreign person will need to comply with applicable certification
requirements relating to its non-US status (including, in general, furnishing an
IRS Form  W-8BEN or  substitute  Form).  In the case of shares  held  through an
intermediary, the intermediary may withhold even if the Fund makes a designation
with respect to a payment.  Foreign persons should contact their  intermediaries
with respect to the application of these rules to their accounts.               

If a  beneficial  holder who is a foreign  person has a trade or business in the
United States,  and the dividends are effectively  connected with the conduct by
the beneficial holder of a trade or business in the United States,  the dividend
will be subject to US federal net income taxation at regular income tax rates.  

Tax Shelter Reporting Regulations.  Under Treasury regulations, if a shareholder
recognizes a loss with  respect to a Fund's  shares of $2 million or more for an
individual shareholder or $10 million or more for a corporate  shareholder,  the
shareholder must file with the Internal  Revenue Service a disclosure  statement
on Form 8886.  Direct  shareholders  of portfolio  securities  are in many cases
excepted  from  this  reporting   requirement,   but  under  current   guidance,
shareholders of a regulated investment company are not excepted. Future guidance
may extend the current exception from this reporting requirement to shareholders
of  most  or all  regulated  investment  companies.  The  fact  that  a loss  is
reportable under these  regulations  does not affect the legal  determination of
whether the  taxpayer's  treatment  of the loss is proper.  Shareholders  should
consult their tax advisors to determine the  applicability of these  regulations
in light of their individual circumstances.                                     

Other Tax Considerations.  Shareholders of each Fund may be subject to state and
local taxes on  distributions  received from the Fund and on  redemptions of the
Fund's shares.                                                                  

Investors  are advised to consult  their own tax advisors  with respect to their
own circumstances  regarding the above-referenced  federal income taxation rules
and with respect to other federal,  state,  local or foreign tax consequences to
them of an investment in shares of a Fund.                                      

 NET ASSET VALUE

The net  asset  value of  shares  of each  Fund is  computed  as of the close of
regular trading on the New York Stock Exchange (the  "Exchange") on each day the
Exchange is open for trading (the "Value Time"). The Exchange is scheduled to be
closed on the following  holidays:  New Year's Day, Dr. Martin Luther King,  Jr.
Day,  Presidents' Day, Good Friday,  Memorial Day,  Independence Day, Labor Day,
Thanksgiving  and Christmas,  and on the preceding  Friday or subsequent  Monday
when one of these  holidays  falls on a Saturday  or Sunday,  respectively.  Net
asset  value  per share is  determined  separately  for each  class of shares by
dividing the value of the total assets of the Fund attributable to the shares of
that class, less all liabilities attributable to that class, by the total number
of shares of that class outstanding.  The per share net asset value may be lower
for  certain  classes  of the Fund  because  of higher  expenses  borne by these
classes.                                                                        

An equity  security is valued at its most  recent  sale price on the  security's
primary  exchange  or  over-the-counter  ("OTC")  market as of the  Value  Time.
Lacking any sales,  the  security is valued at the  calculated  mean between the
most recent bid quotation and the most recent asked  quotation (the  "Calculated
Mean")  on such  exchange  or OTC  market  as of the  Value  Time.  If it is not
possible to determine the  Calculated  Mean,  the security is valued at the most
recent bid quotation on such exchange or OTC market as of the Value Time. In the
case of certain foreign exchanges or OTC markets,  the closing price reported by
the exchange or OTC market  (which may sometimes be referred to as the "official
close" or the "official closing price" or other similar term) will be considered
the most recent sale price.  If a security is traded on more than one  exchange,
or upon one or more  exchanges and in the OTC market,  quotations are taken from
the market in which the security is traded most extensively.                    

55

P-->497430th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 430th
Debt securities are valued as follows.  Money market instruments  purchased with
an  original or  remaining  maturity  of 60 days or less,  maturing at par,  are
valued at amortized  cost.  Other money market  instruments  are valued based on
information  obtained from an approved  pricing agent or, if such information is
not readily  available,  by using  matrix  pricing  techniques  (formula  driven
calculations based primarily on current market yields). Bank loans are valued at
prices supplied by an approved  pricing agent (which are intended to reflect the
mean between the bid and asked prices), if available,  and otherwise at the mean
of the most recent bid and asked quotations or evaluated  prices, as applicable,
based  on   quotations   or  evaluated   prices   obtained   from  one  or  more
broker-dealers.  Privately  placed  debt  securities,  other than Rule 144A debt
securities,  initially are valued at cost and  thereafter  based on all relevant
factors  including  type  of  security,  size of  holding  and  restrictions  on
disposition.  Municipal  debt  securities  are valued at prices  supplied  by an
approved  pricing  agent (which are intended to reflect the mean between the bid
and asked  prices),  if available,  and otherwise at the mean of the most recent
bid and asked quotations or evaluated price obtained from a broker-dealer. Other
debt securities not addressed above are valued at prices supplied by an approved
pricing agent,  if available,  and otherwise at the most recent bid quotation or
evaluated price, as applicable, obtained from one or more broker-dealers.  If it
is not  possible  to value a  particular  debt  security  pursuant  to the above
methods,  the  security  is valued on the basis of  factors  including  (but not
limited to) maturity, coupon,  creditworthiness,  currency denomination, and the
movement of the market in which the security is normally traded.                

An exchange-traded option contract on securities, currencies and other financial
instruments  is  valued  at its most  recent  sale  price  on such the  relevant
exchange.  Lacking any sales,  the option  contract is valued at the  Calculated
Mean.  If it is not  possible  to  determine  the  Calculated  Mean,  the option
contract is valued at the most recent bid  quotation  in the case of a purchased
option  contract or the most  recent  asked  quotation  in the case of a written
option  contract,  in each case as of the Value  Time.  An  option  contract  on
securities,  currencies and other financial instruments traded in the OTC market
is valued on the Value Date at the evaluated price provided by the broker-dealer
with which it was traded.  Futures contracts (and options thereon) are valued at
the most recent  settlement  price,  if  available,  on the  security's  primary
exchange on which they are traded most extensively.  With the exception of stock
index futures contracts which trade on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange,  closing
settlement  times  are  prior to the  close  of  trading  on the New York  Stock
Exchange.  For  stock  index  futures  contracts  which  trade  on  the  Chicago
Mercantile  Exchange,  closing  settlement  prices  are  normally  available  at
approximately  4:20 pm Eastern time. If no  settlement  price is available,  the
last traded price on such  exchange will be used.  Following  the  valuations of
securities  or other  portfolio  assets  in terms of the  currency  in which the
market  quotation  used is  expressed  ("Local  Currency"),  the  value of these
portfolio  assets in terms of US dollars is calculated  by converting  the Local
Currency  into  US  dollars  at the  prevailing  currency  exchange  rate on the
valuation date.                                                                 

If market  quotations  for a portfolio  asset are not readily  available  or the
value of a portfolio  asset as  determined  in  accordance  with Board  approved
procedures does not represent the fair market value of the portfolio  asset, the
value of the portfolio asset is taken to be an amount which, in the opinion of a
Fund's Pricing Committee (or, in some cases, the Board's  Valuation  Committee),
represents fair market value.  The value of other portfolio  holdings owned by a
Fund is  determined  in a manner  which is intended  to fairly  reflect the fair
market value of the asset on the valuation date,  based on valuation  procedures
adopted  by the  Fund's  Board and  overseen  primarily  by the  Fund's  Pricing
Committee.                                                                      

DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS

The following table presents certain information  regarding the Board Members of
each Corporation.  Each Board Member's year of birth is set forth in parentheses
after his or her name. Unless otherwise noted, (i) each Board Member has engaged
in the principal  occupation(s)  noted in the table for at least the most recent
five years, although not necessarily in the same capacity,  and (ii) the address
of each Board Member that is not an "interested  person" (as defined in the 1940
Act) of each  Corporation or the Advisor (each, an "Independent  Board Member"),
is c/o Dawn-Marie  Driscoll,  PO Box 100176,  Cape Coral, FL 33904.  The term of
office  for each  Board  Member is until the  election  and  qualification  of a
successor,  or until such Board Member  sooner dies,  resigns,  is removed or as
otherwise provided in the governing  documents of each Corporation.  Because the
Fund does not hold an annual  meeting of  shareholders,  each Board  Member will
hold office for an  indeterminate  period.  The Board  Members may also serve in
similar capacities with other funds in the DWS fund complex.                    

56

P-->497431st Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 431st
                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

Independent Board Members                                                                                           

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Name, Year of Birth,                                                                                               
 Position with each                                                                              Number of Funds    
 Corporation and Length    Business Experience and                                               in DWS Fund        
 of Time Served            Directorships During the Past 5 Years                                 Complex Overseen   
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                                                    
Dawn-Marie Driscoll (1946) President, Driscoll Associates (consulting firm); Executive Fellow,           76         
Chairperson since 2004     Center for Business Ethics, Bentley College; formerly, Partner,                          
Board Member since         Palmer & Dodge (1988-1990); Vice President of Corporate Affairs and                      
1987                       General Counsel, Filene's (1978-1988). Directorships: Trustee of 8                       
                           open-end mutual funds managed by Sun Capital Advisers, Inc. (since                       
                           2007); Director of ICI Mutual Insurance Company (since 2007);                            
                           Advisory Board, Center for Business Ethics, Bentley College;                             
                           Trustee, Southwest Florida Community Foundation (charitable                              
                           organization); Former Directorships: Investment Company Institute                        
                           (audit, executive, nominating committees) and Independent Directors                      
                           Council (governance, executive committees)                                               
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Henry P. Becton, Jr.      Vice Chair, WGBH Educational Foundation. Directorships: Association           76         
 (1943)                    of Public Television Stations; Becton Dickinson and Company(1)                           
 Board Member since        (medical technology company); Belo Corporation(1) (media company);                       
 1990                      Boston Museum of Science; Public Radio International. Former                             
                           Directorships: American Public Television; Concord Academy; New                          
                           England Aquarium; Mass. Corporation for Educational                                      
                           Telecommunications; Committee for Economic Development; Public                           
                           Broadcasting Service                                                                     
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Keith R. Fox (1954)        Managing General Partner, Exeter Capital Partners (a series of                76         
Board Member since         private equity funds). Directorships: Progressive Holding                                
1996                       Corporation (kitchen goods importer and distributor); Natural                            
                           History, Inc. (magazine publisher); Box Top Media Inc.                                   
                           (advertising); The Kennel Shop (retailer)                                                
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Kenneth C. Froewiss        Clinical Professor of Finance, NYU Stern School of Business                   76         
(1945)                     (1997-present); Member, Finance Committee, Association for Asian                         
Board Member since         Studies (2002-present); Director, Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Group                        
2005                       (US) (2004-present); prior thereto, Managing Director, J.P. Morgan                       
                           (investment banking firm) (until 1996)                                                   
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Martin J. Gruber           Nomura Professor of Finance, Leonard N. Stern School of Business,             76         
(1937)                     New York University (since September 1965); Director, Japan Equity                       
Board Member since         Fund, Inc. (since January 1992), Thai Capital Fund, Inc. (since                          
2006                       January 2000), Singapore Fund, Inc. (since January 2000), National                       
                           Bureau of Economic Research (since January 2006). Formerly, Trustee,                     
                           TIAA (pension funds) (January 1996-January 2000); Trustee, CREF and                      
                           CREF Mutual Funds (January 2000-March 2005); Chairman, CREF and CREF                     
                           Mutual Funds (February 2004-March 2005); and Director, S.G. Cowen                        
                           Mutual Funds (January 1985-January 2001)                                                 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Richard J. Herring         Jacob Safra Professor of International Banking and Professor,                 76         
(1946)                     Finance Department, The Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania                       
Board Member since         (since July 1972); Co-Director, Wharton Financial Institutions                           
2006                       Center (since July 2000); Director, Japan Equity Fund, Inc. (since                       
                           September 2007), Thai Capital Fund, Inc. (since September 2007),                         
                           Singapore Fund, Inc. (since September 2007). Formerly, Vice Dean and                     
                           Director, Wharton Undergraduate Division (July 1995-June 2000);                          
                           Director, Lauder Institute of International Management Studies (July                     
                           2000-June 2006)                                                                          
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                       57                                                                           

P-->497432nd Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 432nd
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Name, Year of Birth,                                                                                               
 Position with each                                                                              Number of Funds    
 Corporation and Length    Business Experience and                                               in DWS Fund        
 of Time Served            Directorships During the Past 5 Years                                 Complex Overseen   
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Graham E. Jones            Senior Vice President, BGK Realty, Inc. (commercial real estate)              76         
(1933)                     (since 1995). Formerly, Trustee of various investment companies                          
Board Member since         managed by Sun Capital Advisors, Inc. (1998-2005), Morgan Stanley                        
2006                       Asset Management (1985-2001) and Weiss, Peck and Greer (1985-2005)                       
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Rebecca W. Rimel           President and Chief Executive Officer, The Pew Charitable Trusts              76         
(1951)                     (charitable organization) (1994 to present); Trustee, Thomas                             
Board Member since         Jefferson Foundation (charitable organization) (1994 to present);                        
2006                       Trustee, Executive Committee, Philadelphia Chamber of Commerce (2001                     
                           to present). Formerly, Executive Vice President, The Glenmede Trust                      
                           Company (investment trust and wealth management) (1983 to 2004);                         
                           Board Member, Investor Education (charitable organization)                               
                           (2004-2005); Director, Viasys Health Care(1) (January 2007-June 2007)                    
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Philip Saunders, Jr.       Principal, Philip Saunders Associates (economic and financial                 74         
(1935)                     consulting) (since November 1988).  Formerly, Director, Financial                        
Board Member since         Industry Consulting, Wolf & Company (consulting) (1987-1988);                            
2006                       President, John Hancock Home Mortgage Corporation (1984-1986);                           
                           Senior Vice President of Treasury and Financial Services, John                           
                           Hancock Mutual Life Insurance Company, Inc. (1982-1986)                                  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
William N. Searcy, Jr.     Private investor since October 2003; Trustee of 8 open-end mutual             76         
(1946)                     funds managed by Sun Capital Advisers, Inc. (since October 1998).                        
Board Member since         Formerly, Pension & Savings Trust Officer, Sprint Corporation(1)                         
2006                       (telecommunications) (November 1989-September 2003)                                      
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Jean Gleason Stromberg     Retired. Formerly, Consultant (1997-2001); Director, US Government            76         
(1943)                     Accountability Office (1996-1997); Partner, Fulbright & Jaworski,                        
Board Member since         L.L.P. (law firm) (1978-1996). Directorships: The William and Flora                      
1997                       Hewlett Foundation; Service Source, Inc. Former Directorships:                           
                           Mutual Fund Directors Forum (2002-2004), American Bar Retirement                         
                           Association (funding vehicle for retirement plans) (1987-1990 and                        
                           1994-1996)                                                                               
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Carl W. Vogt               Retired Senior Partner, Fulbright & Jaworski, L.L.P. (law firm);              74         
(1936)                     formerly, President (interim) of Williams College (1999-2000);                           
Board Member since         formerly, President of certain funds in the Deutsche Asset                               
2002                       Management family of funds (formerly, Flag Investors family of                           
                           funds) (registered investment companies) (1999-2000).                                    
                           Directorships:    Yellow   Corporation    (trucking);                                    
                           American  Science  &  Engineering   (x-ray  detection                                    
                           equipment). Former Directorships: ISI Family of Funds                                    
                           (registered  investment companies, 4 funds overseen);                                    
                           National  Railroad  Passenger   Corporation  (Amtrak)                                    
                           Waste   Management,   Inc.  (solid  waste  disposal);                                    
                           formerly,     Chairman    and    Member,     National                                    
                           Transportation Safety Board                                                              
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                       58                                                                           

P-->497433rd Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 433rd
Interested Board Member                                                                                             

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Name, Year of Birth,                                                                                               
 Position with each                                                                              Number of Funds    
 Corporation and Length    Business Experience and                                               in DWS Fund        
 of Time Served            Directorships During the Past 5 Years                                 Complex Overseen   
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Axel Schwarzer(2)         Managing Director(4), Deutsche Asset Management; Head of Deutsche             82         
 (1958)                    Asset Management Americas; CEO of DWS Scudder; formerly board member                     
 Board Member since        of DWS Investments, Germany (1999-2005); formerly, Head of Sales and                     
 2006                      Product Management for the Retail and Private Banking Division of                        
                           Deutsche Bank in Germany (1997-1999); formerly, various strategic                        
                           and operational positions for Deutsche Bank Germany Retail and                           
                           Private Banking Division in the field of investment funds, tax                           
                           driven instruments and asset management for corporates (1989-1996)                       
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Officers(3)                                                                                                         

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Name, Year of Birth,                                                                                               
 Position with each                                                                                                 
 Corporation and Length     Business Experience and                                                                 
 of Time Served             Directorships During the Past 5 Years                                                   
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Michael G. Clark(5)        Managing Director(4), Deutsche Asset Management (2006-present); President of DWS        
 (1965)                     family of funds; Director, ICI Mutual Insurance Company (since October 2007);           
 President, 2006-present    formerly, Director of Fund Board Relations (2004-2006) and Director of Product          
                            Development (2000-2004), Merrill Lynch Investment Managers; Senior Vice President       
                            Operations, Merrill Lynch Asset Management (1999-2000)                                  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 John Millette(6) (1962)    Director(4), Deutsche Asset Management                                                  
 Vice President and                                                                                                 
 Secretary, 1999-present                                                                                            
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Paul H. Schubert(5)        Managing Director(4), Deutsche Asset Management (since July 2004); formerly,            
 (1963)                     Executive Director, Head of Mutual Fund Services and Treasurer for UBS Family of        
 Chief Financial Officer,   Funds (1998-2004); Vice President and Director of Mutual Fund Finance at UBS Global     
 2004-present               Asset Management (1994-1998)                                                            
 Treasurer, 2005-present                                                                                            
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Patricia DeFilippis(5)     Vice President, Deutsche Asset Management (since June 2005); Counsel, New York Life     
 (1963)                     Investment Management LLC (2003-2005); legal associate, Lord, Abbett & Co. LLC          
 Assistant Secretary,       (1998-2003)                                                                             
 2005-present                                                                                                       
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Elisa D. Metzger(5)        Director(4), Deutsche Asset Management (since September 2005); Counsel, Morrison and    
 (1962)                     Foerster LLP (1999-2005)                                                                
 Assistant Secretary,                                                                                               
 2005-present                                                                                                       
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Caroline Pearson(6)        Managing Director(4), Deutsche Asset Management                                         
 (1962)                                                                                                             
 Assistant Secretary,                                                                                               
 1997-present                                                                                                       
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Paul Antosca(6)            Director(4), Deutsche Asset Management (since 2006); Vice President, The                
 (1957)                     Manufacturers Life Insurance Company (U.S.A.) (1990-2006)                               
 Assistant Treasurer,                                                                                               
 2007-present                                                                                                       
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                       59                                                                           

P-->497434th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 434th
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Name, Year of Birth,                                                                                               
 Position with each                                                                                                 
 Corporation and Length     Business Experience and                                                                 
 of Time Served             Directorships During the Past 5 Years                                                   
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Kathleen Sullivan          Director(4), Deutsche Asset Management                                                  
 D'Eramo(6)                                                                                                         
 (1957)                                                                                                             
 Assistant Treasurer,                                                                                               
 2003-present                                                                                                       
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Jason Vazquez(5) (1972)    Vice President, Deutsche Asset Management (since 2006); formerly, AML Operations        
 Anti-Money Laundering      Manager for Bear Stearns (2004-2006), Supervising Compliance Principal and Operations   
 Compliance Officer,        Manager for AXA Financial (1999-2004)                                                   
 2007-present                                                                                                       
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Robert Kloby(5) (1962)     Managing Director(4), Deutsche Asset Management (2004-present); formerly, Chief         
 Chief Compliance           Compliance Officer/Chief Risk Officer, Robeco USA (2000-2004); Vice President, The      
 Officer, 2006-present      Prudential Insurance Company of America (1988-2000); E.F. Hutton and Company            
                            (1984-1988)                                                                             
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 J. Christopher Jackson(5)  Director(4), Deutsche Asset Management (2006-present); formerly, Director, Senior       
 (1951)                     Vice President, General Counsel, and Assistant Secretary, Hansberger Global             
 Chief Legal Officer,       Investors, Inc. (1996-2006); Director, National Society of Compliance Professionals     
 2006-present               (2002-2005) (2006-2009)                                                                 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

(1)      A publicly held company with securities  registered pursuant to Section
12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.                    

(2)      The  mailing  address  of Axel  Schwarzer  is c/o  Deutsche  Investment
         Management  Americas Inc.,  345 Park Avenue,  New York, New York 10154.
         Mr.  Schwarzer is an interested Board Member by virtue of his positions
         with Deutsche Asset Management.  As an interested person, Mr. Schwarzer
receives no compensation from the Funds.                      

(3)      As a result of their respective positions held with the Advisor,  these
         individuals are considered  "interested  persons" of the Advisor within
         the meaning of the 1940 Act. Interested persons receive no compensation
from the Funds.                                               

(4)      Executive title, not a board directorship.                             

(5)      Address:  345 Park Avenue, New York, New York 10154.                   

(6)      Address: Two International Place, Boston, Massachusetts 02110.         

Each Officer also holds  similar  positions for other  investment  companies for
which DIMA or an affiliate serves as the advisor.                               

Officer's Role with Principal Underwriter:  DWS Scudder Distributors, Inc.      

Paul H. Schubert:                         Vice President                      
Caroline Pearson:                         Secretary                           

Information Concerning Committees and Meetings of Board Members                 

The Board of the  Corporation  met ten (10) times during the calendar year ended
December 31, 2006 and each Board Member attended at least 80% of the meetings of
the Board and meetings of the committees of the Board on which such Board Member
served.                                                                         

60

P-->497435th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 435th
Board  Committees.  Ms.  Driscoll  has served as Chair of the Board of the Funds
since June 2004.                                                                

The Board has established the following  standing  committees:  Audit Committee,
Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee, Valuation Committee, Equity Oversight
Committee, Fixed Income Oversight Committee,  Marketing/Distribution/Shareholder
Service Committee,  Legal/Regulatory/Compliance Committee and Expense/Operations
Committee.                                                                      

The Audit  Committee  assists the Board in  fulfilling  its  responsibility  for
oversight of the quality and integrity of the accounting, auditing and financial
reporting  practices  of the  applicable  Fund.  It also  makes  recommendations
regarding the selection of an independent  registered public accounting firm for
a Fund,  reviews the  independence of such firm,  reviews the scope of audit and
internal  controls,  considers and reports to the Board on matters relating to a
Fund's  accounting and financial  reporting  practices,  and performs such other
tasks as the full Board deems  necessary  or  appropriate.  The Audit  Committee
receives  annual   representations   from  the  independent   registered  public
accounting firm as to its  independence.  The members of the Audit Committee are
Keith R. Fox (Chair and Audit Committee Financial Expert),  Kenneth C. Froewiss,
Richard J. Herring,  Graham E. Jones,  Philip Saunders,  Jr., William N. Searcy,
Jr. and Jean  Gleason  Stromberg.  The Audit  Committee  held eight (8) meetings
during the calendar year 2006.                                                  

The  Nominating/Corporate  Governance  Committee  (i)  recommends  to the  Board
candidates  to serve as Board  Members and (ii)  oversees  and, as  appropriate,
makes  recommendations  to the Board  regarding  other  fund  governance-related
matters,  including but not limited to Board compensation practices,  retirement
policies,  self-evaluations  of effectiveness,  review of possible  conflicts of
interest  and  independence  issues  involving  Board  Members,  allocations  of
assignments  and  functions  of  committees  of the Board,  and share  ownership
policies. The members of the Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee are Henry
P.  Becton,  Jr.  (Chair),  Graham E. Jones,  Rebecca W. Rimel and Jean  Gleason
Stromberg.  The  Nominating/Corporate  Governance Committee (previously known as
the  Committee on  Independent  Directors)  held three (3)  meetings  during the
calendar year 2006.                                                             

The Valuation  Committee  oversees Fund  valuation  matters,  reviews  valuation
procedures  adopted  by the  Board,  determines  the fair  value  of the  Fund's
securities as needed in accordance  with the valuation  procedures  and performs
such other tasks as the full Board deems necessary or  appropriate.  The members
of the Valuation  Committee  are Keith R. Fox,  Kenneth C.  Froewiss,  Martin J.
Gruber,  Richard J. Herring and Philip Saunders,  Jr. (Chair).  On behalf of DWS
Global  Thematic Fund, the Valuation  Committee held twelve  meetings during the
calendar year 2006. On behalf of DWS International Fund, the Valuation Committee
held 6 meetings during the calendar year 2006.                                  

The Board has established two Investment Oversight  Committees,  one focusing on
Funds  primarily   investing  in  equity   securities  (the  "Equity   Oversight
Committee")  and one  focusing  on Funds  primarily  investing  in fixed  income
securities  (the "Fixed Income  Oversight  Committee").  These  Committees  meet
regularly with Fund portfolio managers and other investment  personnel to review
the relevant  Funds'  investment  strategies  and  investment  performance.  The
members of the Equity  Oversight  Committee are Henry P. Becton,  Jr., Martin J.
Gruber (Chair),  Richard J. Herring,  Rebecca W. Rimel, Philip Saunders, Jr. and
Carl W. Vogt. The members of the Fixed Income Oversight Committee are Dawn-Marie
Driscoll, Keith R. Fox, Kenneth C. Froewiss, Graham E. Jones, William N. Searcy,
Jr. (Chair) and Jean Gleason Stromberg. Each Investment Oversight Committee held
six (6) meetings during the calendar year 2006.                                 

The  Marketing/Distribution/Shareholder   Service  Committee  oversees  (i)  the
quality, costs and types of shareholder services provided to the Funds and their
shareholders,  and (ii) the distribution-related  services provided to the Funds
and their  shareholders.  The members of the  Marketing/Distribution/Shareholder
Service Committee are Martin J. Gruber,  Richard J. Herring (Chair),  Rebecca W.
Rimel,     Jean     Gleason     Stromberg     and    Carl    W.    Vogt.     The
Marketing/Distribution/Shareholder  Service  Committee  held  six  (6)  meetings
during the calendar year 2006.                                                  

The  Legal/Regulatory/Compliance  Committee  oversees (i) the significant  legal
affairs of the Funds, including the handling of pending or threatened litigation
or  regulatory  action  involving  the Funds,  (ii) general  compliance  matters
relating   to  the  Funds  and  (iii)   proxy   voting.   The   members  of  the
Legal/Regulatory/Compliance  Committee  are  Henry P.  Becton,  Jr.,  Dawn-Marie
Driscoll,  Rebecca W. Rimel,  William N. Searcy, Jr., Jean Gleason Stromberg and

61

P-->497436th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 436th
Carl W. Vogt (Chair).  The  Legal/Regulatory/Compliance  Committee  held six (6)
meetings during the calendar year 2006.                                         

The Expense/Operations Committee (i) monitors the Fund's total operating expense
levels,  (ii)  oversees the  provision of  administrative  services to the Fund,
including the Fund's custody,  fund accounting and insurance  arrangements,  and
(iii) reviews the Fund's investment advisers' brokerage practices, including the
implementation  of  related  policies.  The  members  of the  Expense/Operations
Committee are Henry P. Becton, Jr., Dawn-Marie  Driscoll,  Keith R. Fox, Kenneth
C.  Froewiss,  Graham E. Jones  (Chair),  Philip  Saunders,  Jr. and  William N.
Searcy,  Jr. This  committee  held seven (7) meetings  during the calendar  year
2006.                                                                           

Ad Hoc Committees.  In addition to the standing committees described above, from
time to time the Board also forms ad hoc committees to consider specific issues.
In 2006,  various ad hoc  committees of the Board held an  additional  seven (7)
meetings.                                                                       

Remuneration.  Each Independent Board Member receives compensation from the Fund
for his or her services, which includes an annual retainer and an attendance fee
for each meeting attended. No additional compensation is paid to any Independent
Board Member for travel time to meetings,  attendance at directors'  educational
seminars  or  conferences,   service  on  industry  or  association  committees,
participation  as speakers at directors'  conferences or service on special fund
industry director task forces or subcommittees. Independent Board Members do not
receive any employee  benefits such as pension or retirement  benefits or health
insurance from the Fund or any fund in the DWS fund complex.                    

Members of the Board who are officers,  directors,  employees or stockholders of
Deutsche Asset Management or its affiliates receive no direct  compensation from
a Fund, although they are compensated as employees of Deutsche Asset Management,
or its affiliates,  and as a result may be deemed to participate in fees paid by
the Funds.  The following tables show  compensation  from the Fund and aggregate
compensation  from all of the  funds in the DWS fund  complex  received  by each
Board Member during the calendar year 2006. Mr. Schwarzer became a member of the
Board on May 5,  2006,  is an  interested  person of the Funds and  received  no
compensation  from the  Funds or any fund in the DWS  fund  complex  during  the
relevant periods.                                                               

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

                               Aggregate Compensation                                Total Compensation 
                              from DWS Global Thematic    Aggregate Compensation       from Fund and    
Name of Board Member                    Fund            from DWS International Fund  DWS Fund Complex(1)
--------------------                    ----            ---------------------------  -------------------

                                                                                                        
Henry P. Becton, Jr.(3)                 $3,773                    $5,550                 $189,000       
Dawn-Marie Driscoll(2)(3)(4)            $4,987                    $7,343                 $251,000       
Keith R. Fox(3)(4)                      $3,851                    $5,669                 $195,000       
Kenneth C. Froewiss(3)(4)               $3,983                    $5,851                 $234,988       
Martin J. Gruber(3)                     $1,563                    $2,200                 $188,000       
Richard J. Herring(3)(4)                $1,494                    $2,110                 $184,000       
Graham E. Jones(3)(4)                   $1,733                    $2,440                 $206,000       
Rebecca W. Rimel(3)                     $1,525                    $2,146                 $185,000       
Philip Saunders, Jr.(3)(4)              $1,733                    $2,440                 $207,000       
William N. Searcy, Jr.(3)(4)            $1,733                    $2,440                 $206,000       
Jean Gleason Stromberg(3)(4)            $3,970                    $5,837                 $202,000       
Carl W. Vogt(3)                         $3,773                    $5,550                 $189,000       

(1)      The DWS Fund Complex is composed of 155 funds as of December 31, 2006. 

(2)      Includes  $50,000 in annual  retainer  fees in Ms.  Driscoll's  role as
Chairperson of the Board.                                     

(3)      For each Board Member,  except Mr. Becton,  Mr.  Froewiss and Mr. Vogt,
         total  compensation  for calendar year 2006 includes  compensation  for
         service  on  the  boards  of  34  trusts/corporations  comprised  of 87
         funds/portfolios.  For Messrs.  Becton and Vogt total  compensation for
calendar year 2006 includes                                   

62

P-->497437th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 437th
         compensation  for  service  on  the  boards  of 32  trusts/corporations
         comprised of 85  funds/portfolios.  For Mr. Froewiss total compensation
         for calendar year 2006 includes compensation for services on the boards
of 37 trusts/corporations comprised of 90 funds/portfolios.   

(4)      Aggregate  compensation  includes amounts paid to the Board Members for
         special  meetings of ad hoc committees of the board in connection  with
         the  possible  consolidation  of the various DWS Fund boards and funds,
         meetings for considering fund expense simplification  initiatives,  and
         consideration  of issues  specific  to the Funds'  direct  shareholders
         (i.e., those shareholders who did not purchase shares through financial
         intermediaries).  Such amounts totaled $16,000 for Ms. Driscoll, $1,000
         for Mr. Fox, $17,000 for Mr. Froewiss,  $1,000 for Dr. Herring, $16,000
         for Mr.  Jones,  $17,000 for Dr.  Saunders,  $16,000 for Mr. Searcy and
         $16,000  for Ms.  Stromberg.  These  meeting  fees  were  borne  by the
applicable DWS Funds.                                         

Board Member Ownership in the Fund(1)                                           

The  following  table shows the dollar range of equity  securities  beneficially
owned by each Board  Member in the Funds and DWS Fund Complex as of December 31,
2006.                                                                           

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

                                                        Dollar Range of     Aggregate Dollar Range of 
                               Dollar Range of       Beneficial Ownership     Ownership in all Funds  
                           Beneficial Ownership in   in DWS International  Overseen by Board Member in
Board Member               DWS Global Thematic Fund          Fund            the DWS Fund Complex(2)  
------------               ------------------------          ----            -----------------------  

Independent Board Member:                                                                             
-------------------------                                                                             

                                                                                                      
Henry P. Becton, Jr.           $10,001-$50,000             $1-$10,000              Over $100,000      
Dawn-Marie Driscoll            $10,001-$50,000             $1-$10,000              Over $100,000      
Keith R. Fox                         None             $10,001-$50,000              Over $100,000      
Kenneth C. Froewiss                  None                        None              Over $100,000      
Martin J. Gruber                     None                        None              Over $100,000      
Richard J. Herring             $50,001-$100,000                  None              Over $100,000      
Graham E. Jones                      None                        None              Over $100,000      
Rebecca W. Rimel               $50,001-$100,000                  None              Over $100,000      
Philip Saunders, Jr.                 None               Over $100,000              Over $100,000      
William N. Searcy, Jr.               None                        None              Over $100,000      
Jean Gleason Stromberg         $10,001-$50,000                   None              Over $100,000      
Carl W. Vogt                     Over $100,000                   None              Over $100,000      

Interested Board Member:                                                                              
------------------------                                                                              

Axel Schwarzer                 $10,001-$50,000            None                     Over $100,000      

(1)      The amount shown  includes  share  equivalents of funds which the Board
         Member  is  deemed  to be  invested  pursuant  to the  Fund's  deferred
         compensation   plan.  The  inclusion   therein  of  any  shares  deemed
         beneficially  owned does not  constitute  an  admission  of  beneficial
ownership of the shares.                                      

(2)      Securities  beneficially  owned as defined  under the 1934 Act  include
         direct and/or indirect ownership of securities where the Board Member's
         economic interest is tied to the securities,  employment  ownership and
         securities  when the Board  Member can exert  voting power and when the
         Board Member has  authority to sell the  securities.  The dollar ranges
         are:  None,   $1-$10,000,   $10,001-$50,000,   $50,001-$100,000,   over
$100,000.                                                     

63

P-->497438th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 438th
Ownership in Securities of the Advisor and Related Companies                    

As  reported to the Funds,  the  information  in the  following  table  reflects
ownership by the Independent Board Members and their immediate family members of
certain  securities as of December 31, 2006. An immediate family member can be a
spouse,  children  residing in the same  household  including  step and adoptive
children and any dependents.  The securities  represent ownership in the Advisor
or principal  underwriter  of the Fund and any persons  (other than a registered
investment company) directly or indirectly controlling,  controlled by, or under
common control with the Advisor or principal underwriter of the Funds (including
Deutsche Bank AG).                                                              

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

                                                                 Value of     Percent of 
                           Owner and                           Securities on  Class on an
Independent             Relationship to              Title of  an Aggregate    Aggregate 
Board Member              Board Member      Company    Class       Basis         Basis   
------------              ------------      -------    -----       -----         -----   
                                                                                         

Henry P. Becton, Jr.                     None                                            
Dawn-Marie Driscoll                      None                                            
Keith R. Fox                             None                                            
Kenneth C. Froewiss                      None                                            
Martin J. Gruber                         None                                            
Richard J. Herring                       None                                            
Graham E. Jones                          None                                            
Rebecca W. Rimel                         None                                            
Philip Saunders, Jr.                     None                                            
William N. Searcy, Jr.                   None                                            
Jean Gleason Stromberg                   None                                            
Carl W. Vogt                             None                                            

Securities Beneficially Owned                                                   

As of November 7, 2007, the Board Members and officers of the Corporation owned,
as a group, less than 1% of the outstanding shares of the Fund.                 

To the best of each Fund's knowledge, as of November 7, 2007, no person owned of
record or beneficially 5% or more of any class of the Fund's outstanding shares,
except as noted below.                                                          

DWS Global Thematic Fund                                                        

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

Name and Address of Investor Ownership                 Shares             % of Total Shares      
--------------------------------------                 ------             -----------------      

                                                                                                 
CHARLES SCHWAB & CO INC                            1,973,808.7840        11.39 % of Class A      
SPECIAL CUSTODY ACCOUNT FOR THE EXCLUSIVE BENEFIT                                                
OF                                                                                               
CUSTOMERS                                                                                        
SAN FRANCISCO CA  94104-4151                                                                     

MLPF&S FOR THE SOLE BENEFIT OF ITS CUSTOMERS       1,714,510.7280         9.90 % of Class A      
JACKSONVILLE FL  32246-6484                                                                      

MLPF&S FOR THE SOLE BENEFIT OF ITS CUSTOMERS        217,690.9280         17.21 % of Class B      
JACKSONVILLE FL  32246-6484                                                                      

CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS INC                        178,151.2700         14.08 % of Class B      
NEW YORK NY  10001-2402                                                                          

MLPF&S FOR THE SOLE BENEFIT OF ITS CUSTOMERS       1,745,269.5530        24.69 % of Class C      
JACKSONVILLE FL  32246-6484                                                                      

MORGAN STANLEY & CO.                                544,724.4770          7.71 % of Class C      
JERSEY CITY NJ  07311                                                                            

CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS INC                        539,315.5540          7.63 % of Class C      
NEW YORK NY  10001-2402                                                                          

                                       64                                                        

P-->497439th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 439th
Name and Address of Investor Ownership                 Shares             % of Total Shares      
--------------------------------------                 ------             -----------------      

MLPF&S FOR THE SOLE BENEFIT OF ITS CUSTOMERS         43,599.9740         17.74 % of Class R      
JACKSONVILLE FL  32246-6484                                                                      

HARTFORD LIFE INSURANCE                              36,208.3430         14.73 % of Class R      
COMPANY SEPARATE ACCOUNT                                                                         
HARTFORD CT  06104-2999                                                                          

DWS TRUST COMPANY                                    21,496.7850          8.75 % of Class R      
FBO APPLIED ENERGY SOLUTIONS LLC                                                                 
401(K)                                                                                           
PLAN                                                                                             
SALEM NH  03079-1143                                                                             

GPC SECURITIES INC AS AGENT                          13,643.7220          5.55 % of Class R      
MERRILL LYNCH BANK & TRUST FSB                                                                   
TTEE                                                                                             
FBO PERRY & BARRON ORTHOPEDICS PLAN                                                              
ATLANTA GA  30348-5117                                                                           

CHARLES SCHWAB & CO INC                            2,973,284.3220         7.33 % of Class S      
REINVEST ACCOUNT                                                                                 
SAN FRANCISCO CA  94104-4151                                                                     

DWS International Fund                                                                           

Name and Address of Investor Ownership                 Shares             % of Total Shares      
--------------------------------------                 ------             -----------------      

MLPF&S FOR THE SOLE BENEFIT OF ITS                   45,444.0500          9.50 % of Class C      
CUSTOMERS                                                                                        
JACKSONVILLE FL  32246-6484                                                                      

NORTHERN TRUST CO CUST                              188,220.1090   46.11 % of Institutional Class
FBO ARMY/AIR FORCE                                                                               
CHICAGO IL  60675-0001                                                                           

NAT'L FINANCIAL SERVICES CORP FOR EXCL BENEFIT       73,800.5910   18.08 % of Institutional Class
OUR CUSTOMERS                                                                                    
NEW YORK NY  10281-1003                                                                          

                                       65                                                        

P-->497440th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 440th
Name and Address of Investor Ownership                 Shares             % of Total Shares      
--------------------------------------                 ------             -----------------      

DWS TRUST COMPANY TTEE                               62,020.7010   15.19 % of Institutional Class
FBO DB MATCHED SAVINGS PLAN                                                                      
SALEM NH  03079-1143                                                                             

STATE STREET BANK & TRUST CO                         43,212.8320   10.59 % of Institutional Class
CUST FBO                                                                                         
DWS LIFECOMPASS 2020                                                                             
FUND                                                                                             
QUINCY MA  02171-2105                                                                            

CHARLES SCHWAB & CO INC                            3,621,947.1360        12.95 % of Class S      
SAN FRANCISCO CA  94104-4151                                                                     

Agreement to Indemnify Independent Directors for Certain Expenses.              

In connection with litigation or regulatory  action related to possible improper
market timing or other improper trading activity or possible improper  marketing
and sales  activity  in the Funds,  each Fund's  investment  advisor has agreed,
subject to  applicable  law and  regulation,  to indemnify and hold harmless the
applicable  Funds  against  any and all loss,  damage,  liability  and  expense,
arising  from  market  timing or  marketing  and sales  matters  alleged  in any
enforcement actions brought by governmental authorities involving or potentially
affecting the Funds or the investment  advisor  ("Enforcement  Actions") or that
are the basis for private  actions  brought by shareholders of the Funds against
the Funds,  their directors and officers,  the Funds' investment  advisor and/or
certain other parties ("Private Litigation"), or any proceedings or actions that
may  be  threatened  or  commenced  in  the  future  by  any  person  (including
governmental authorities), arising from or similar to the matters alleged in the
Enforcement Actions or Private Litigation.  In recognition of its undertaking to
indemnify  the  applicable  Funds  and in  light of the  rebuttable  presumption
generally  afforded to independent  directors/trustees  of investment  companies
that they have not engaged in disabling conduct,  each Fund's investment advisor
has also agreed,  subject to  applicable  law and  regulation,  to indemnify the
applicable  Funds'  Independent   Directors  against  certain   liabilities  the
Independent  Directors  may incur from the  matters  alleged in any  Enforcement
Actions or Private  Litigation or arising from or similar to the matters alleged
in the Enforcement Actions or Private Litigation,  and advance expenses that may
be  incurred by the  Independent  Director in  connection  with any  Enforcement
Actions  or  Private  Litigation.  The  applicable  investment  advisor  is not,
however,  required to provide  indemnification and advancement of expenses:  (1)
with respect to any  proceeding  or action with respect to which the  applicable
Fund's Board  determines that the Independent  Director  ultimately would not be
entitled to indemnification or (2) for any liability of the Independent Director
to the Funds or their  shareholders  to which  the  Independent  Director  would
otherwise  be  subject  by reason  of  willful  misfeasance,  bad  faith,  gross
negligence  or reckless  disregard  of the  Independent  Director's  duties as a
director or trustee of the Funds as determined in a final  adjudication  in such
action or proceeding.  The estimated amount of any expenses that may be advanced
to the  Independent  Directors  or  indemnity  that  may be  payable  under  the
indemnity  agreements  is currently  unknown.  These  agreements  by each Fund's
investment  advisor will survive the  termination of the  investment  management
agreements between the applicable investment advisor and the Funds.             

 FUND ORGANIZATION

Organizational Description                                                      

DWS  Global  Thematic  Fund.  DWS  Global  Thematic  Fund  is a  series  of  DWS
Global/International  Fund,  Inc., a Maryland  corporation  organized on May 15,
1986. The name of this  Corporation  was changed,  effective May 29, 1998,  from
Scudder Global Fund, Inc. This  Corporation  currently  consists of four series:
DWS Global  Thematic Fund, DWS Global Bond Fund, DWS Global  Opportunities  Fund
and DWS Emerging Markets Fixed Income Fund. Each Fund except DWS Global Thematic
Fund is further  divided into four classes of shares,  Class S, Class A, Class B
and Class C shares.  DWS  Global  Thematic  Fund is  further  divided  into five
classes of shares: Class S, Class A, Class B, Class C and Class R.              

66

P-->497441st Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 441st
The authorized capital stock of DWS Global/International  Fund, Inc. consists of
1,559,993,796  shares  with $0.01 par  value,  200  million  shares of which are
allocated  to DWS Global  Opportunities  Fund,  529,154,575  shares of which are
allocated to DWS Global Bond Fund, and 320 million shares of which are allocated
to DWS Emerging  Markets  Fixed Income Fund and 370 million  shares of which are
allocated to DWS Global Thematic Fund.                                          

DWS International  Fund, Inc. DWS International  Fund, Inc. (the  "Corporation")
was organized as Scudder Fund of Canada Ltd. in Canada in 1953 by the investment
management firm of Scudder, Stevens & Clark, Inc. On March 16, 1964, the name of
this Corporation was changed to Scudder  International  Investments Ltd. On July
31,  1975,  the  corporate  domicile of this  Corporation  was changed to the US
through the transfer of its net assets to a newly formed  Maryland  corporation,
Scudder  International  Fund,  Inc.,  in exchange for shares of the  Corporation
which then were distributed to the shareholders of the Corporation.  On February
6, 2006,  the name of the  Corporation  was changed from  Scudder  International
Fund, Inc. to DWS International Fund, Inc.                                      

The authorized capital stock of the Corporation consists of 2,447,923,888 shares
of a par value of $.01 each,  which  capital  stock has been  divided  into five
series:  DWS International  Fund, the original series;  DWS Latin America Equity
Fund,  organized in December 1992; DWS Europe Equity Fund,  organized in October
1994;  DWS  Emerging  Markets  Equity  Fund,  organized  in  May  1996  and  DWS
International  Value  Opportunities  Fund  organized  in July 2006.  Each series
consists of 320 million shares, except for DWS International Fund which consists
of  620,595,597  shares,  DWS Latin  America  Equity Fund which  consists of 340
million shares and DWS Europe Equity Fund which consists of 420 million  shares.
DWS  International  Value  Opportunities  Fund is divided  into four  classes of
shares: Class A, Class C, Class S and Institutional Class shares. Class S shares
of the Fund are offered through a separate statement of additional information. 

The Corporation is a Maryland  corporation  organized under the laws of Maryland
and is governed  by Amended and  Restated  Articles of  Incorporation  that were
approved  by  shareholders  in the  second  quarter  of 2006,  as may be further
amended from time to time (the "Articles of  Incorporation").  All shares issued
and  outstanding  are  fully  paid  and  non-assessable,  transferable,  have no
pre-emptive  rights  (except as may be  determined by the Board of Directors) or
conversion rights (except as described below) and are redeemable as described in
the SAI and in the  Fund's  prospectus.  Each share has equal  rights  with each
other share of the same class of the Fund as to voting, dividends, exchanges and
liquidation.  Shareholders  are  entitled  to one vote for each  share  held and
fractional votes for fractional shares held.                                    

The Board of Directors may  determine  that shares of the Fund or a class of the
Fund  shall be  automatically  converted  into  shares  of  another  Fund of the
Corporation  or of  another  class  of the  same or  another  Fund  based on the
relative net assets of such Fund or class at the time of  conversion.  The Board
of Directors  may also provide that the holders of shares of the Fund or a class
of the Fund shall have the right to convert or exchange their shares into shares
of one or more  other  Funds or  classes  on terms  established  by the Board of
Directors.                                                                      

Each share of the  Corporation  may be subject to such sales  loads or  charges,
expenses and fees, account size  requirements,  and other rights and provisions,
which may be the same or different  from any other share of the  Corporation  or
any other share of any Fund or class of the Fund  (including  shares of the same
Fund or class as the share),  as the Board of Directors of the  Corporation  may
establish or change from time to time and to the extent permitted under the 1940
Act.                                                                            

The Corporation is not required to hold an annual meeting of shareholders in any
year in which the  election of  Directors  is not required by the 1940 Act. If a
meeting of  shareholders  of the Corporation is required by the 1940 Act to take
action on the election of  Directors,  then an annual  meeting  shall be held to
elect  Directors  and take such other  action as may come  before  the  meeting.
Special meetings of the shareholders of the Corporation,  or of the shareholders
of one or more Funds or classes  thereof,  for any purpose or  purposes,  may be
called at any time by the Board of Directors or by the  President,  and shall be
called by the  President or Secretary at the request in writing of  shareholders
entitled to cast a majority of the votes entitled to be cast at the meeting.    

Except as  provided in the 1940 Act,  the  presence in person or by proxy of the
holders  of  one-third  of the  shares  entitled  to  vote  at a  meeting  shall
constitute a quorum for the  transaction of business at meetings of shareholders
of the Corporation or of the Fund or class.                                     

67

P-->497442nd Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 442nd
On any matter submitted to a vote of shareholders, all shares of the Corporation
entitled  to vote  shall be voted in the  aggregate  as a single  class  without
regard  to  series  or  classes  of  shares,  provided,  however,  that (a) when
applicable law requires that one or more series or classes vote separately, such
series or classes shall vote  separately  and,  subject to (b) below,  all other
series  or  classes  shall  vote in the  aggregate;  and (b) when  the  Board of
Directors determines that a matter does not affect the interests of a particular
series or class, such series or class shall not be entitled to any vote and only
the shares of the affected series or classes shall be entitled to vote.         

Notwithstanding any provision of Maryland corporate law requiring  authorization
of any action by a greater  proportion  than a majority  of the total  number of
shares  entitled  to vote  on a  matter,  such  action  shall  be  effective  if
authorized by the majority vote of the outstanding shares entitled to vote.     

Subject to the requirements of applicable law and any procedures  adopted by the
Board of Directors from time to time,  the holders of shares of the  Corporation
or any one or more  series or classes  thereof may take action or consent to any
action by delivering a consent, in writing or by electronic transmission, of the
holders entitled to cast not less than the minimum number of votes that would be
necessary to authorize or take the action at a formal meeting.                  

The Articles of  Incorporation  provide that the Board of Directors  may, in its
discretion,  establish  minimum  investment  amounts for  shareholder  accounts,
impose  fees on  accounts  that do not  exceed a minimum  investment  amount and
involuntarily  redeem  shares in any such  account in payment of such fees.  The
Board of Directors,  in its sole  discretion,  also may cause the Corporation to
redeem all of the  shares of the  Corporation  or one or more  series or classes
held by any  shareholder for any reason,  to the extent  permissible by the 1940
Act,  including (a) if the shareholder owns shares having an aggregate net asset
value  of  less  than a  specified  minimum  amount,  (b)  if the  shareholder's
ownership of shares would disqualify a series from being a regulated  investment
company, (c) upon a shareholder's  failure to provide sufficient  identification
to permit the  Corporation  to verify  the  shareholder's  identity,  (d) upon a
shareholder's  failure to pay for shares or meet or maintain the  qualifications
for  ownership  of a particular  series or class,  (e) if the Board of Directors
determines (or pursuant to policies  established by the Board of Directors it is
determined)  that share  ownership by a shareholder is not in the best interests
of the  remaining  shareholders,  (f)  when  the  Corporation  is  requested  or
compelled to do so by  governmental  authority or applicable  law, or (g) upon a
shareholder's  failure to comply with a request for information  with respect to
the direct or indirect  ownership  of shares of the  Corporation.  By  redeeming
shares the Corporation  may terminate the Fund or any class without  shareholder
approval,  and the  Corporation may suspend the right of shareholders to require
the Corporation to redeem shares to the extent  permissible  under the 1940 Act.
Payment  for shares  redeemed  shall be made in cash or other  property,  or any
combination thereof; provided, however, that the composition of any such payment
(e.g.,  cash,  securities  and/or  other  assets)  to any  shareholder  shall be
determined by the Corporation in its sole discretion, and may be different among
shareholders  (including  differences  among  shareholders  in the same  fund or
class).                                                                         

Except  as  otherwise   permitted  by  the  Articles  of  Incorporation  of  the
Corporation,  upon liquidation or termination of the Fund or class, shareholders
of such Fund or class of the Fund  shall be  entitled  to  receive,  pro rata in
proportion to the number of shares of such Fund or class held by each of them, a
share of the net assets of such Fund or class,  and the holders of shares of any
other  particular Fund or class shall not be entitled to any such  distribution,
provided,  however,  that the  composition  of any  such  payment  (e.g.,  cash,
securities  and/or other assets) to any  shareholder  shall be determined by the
Corporation  in its sole  discretion,  and may be different  among  shareholders
(including differences among shareholders in the same Fund or class).           

The  Corporation's  Board of Directors  supervises  the Fund's  activities.  The
Corporation  adopted  a plan  pursuant  to Rule  18f-3  under  the 1940 Act (the
"Plan") to permit the  Corporation  to establish a multiple  class  distribution
system for its funds.                                                           

Under the  Plan,  each  class of shares  will  represent  interests  in the same
portfolio of investments of the Series, and be identical in all respects to each
other class,  except as set forth below. The only differences  among the various
classes  of  shares  of  the  Series  will  relate   solely  to:  (a)  different
distribution fee payments or service fee payments associated with any Rule 12b-1
Plan  for a  particular  class  of  shares  and  any  other  costs  relating  to
implementing or amending such Rule 12b-1 Plan (including  obtaining  shareholder
approval of such Rule 12b-1 Plan or any amendment thereto),  which will be borne
solely by  shareholders  of such  class;  (b)  different  service  fee  payments
associated with a service plan for a specific class and any other costs relating
to implementing or amending such service plan; (c)                              

68

P-->497443rd Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 443rd
different account minimums; (d) the bearing by each class of its Class Expenses,
as defined below; (e) the voting rights related to any Rule 12b-1 Plan affecting
a specific  class of shares;  (f) separate  exchange  privileges;  (g) different
conversion  features and (h) different  class names and  designations.  Expenses
currently designated as "Class Expenses" by the Corporation's Board of Directors
under the Plan include,  for example,  transfer  agency fees  attributable  to a
specific class and certain securities registration fees.                        

 PROXY VOTING GUIDELINES

Each Fund has delegated proxy voting responsibilities to its investment advisor,
subject to its respective  Board's  general  oversight.  Each Fund has delegated
proxy voting to the Advisor  with the  direction  that  proxies  should be voted
consistent with the Fund's best economic interests.  The Advisor has adopted its
own  Proxy  Voting  Policies  and  Procedures  ("Policies"),  and  Proxy  Voting
Guidelines  ("Guidelines") for this purpose.  The Policies address,  among other
things, conflicts of interest that may arise between the interests of the Funds,
and the  interests  of the  Advisor  and its  affiliates,  including  the Funds'
principal  underwriter.  The Guidelines set forth the Advisor's general position
on various proposals, such as:                                                  

o        Shareholder  Rights -- The Advisor  generally  votes against  proposals
that restrict shareholder rights.                             

o        Corporate  Governance -- The Advisor  generally votes for  confidential
         and cumulative voting and against supermajority voting requirements for
         charter and bylaw amendments. The Advisor generally votes for proposals
         to restrict a chief  executive  officer from serving on more than three
         outside  boards of  directors.  The  Advisor  generally  votes  against
         proposals  that  require a company  to  appoint  a  Chairman  who is an
independent director.                                         

o        Anti-Takeover Matters -- The Advisor generally votes for proposals that
         require shareholder ratification of poison pills or that request boards
         to redeem poison pills,  and votes against the adoption of poison pills
         if  they  are  submitted  for  shareholder  ratification.  The  Advisor
generally votes for fair price proposals.                     

o        Compensation  Matters -- The Advisor generally votes for executive cash
         compensation  proposals,  unless they are unreasonably  excessive.  The
         Advisor generally votes against stock option plans that do not meet the
Advisor's criteria.                                           

o        Routine Matters -- The Advisor  generally votes for the ratification of
         auditors,  procedural matters related to the annual meeting and changes
 in company name, and against bundled proposals and adjournment.

The general provisions described above do not apply to investment companies. The
Advisor generally votes proxies solicited by investment  companies in accordance
with the  recommendations  of an  independent  third  party,  except for proxies
solicited by or with respect to investment companies for which the Advisor or an
affiliate  serves as investment  advisor or principal  underwriter  ("affiliated
investment companies").  The Advisor votes affiliated investment company proxies
in  the  same  proportion  as  the  vote  of  the  investment   company's  other
shareholders  (sometimes called "mirror" or "echo" voting).  Master fund proxies
solicited from feeder funds are voted in accordance with applicable requirements
of the Investment Company Act of 1940.                                          

Although the  Guidelines  set forth the Advisor's  general  voting  positions on
various proposals,  the Advisor may,  consistent with the Fund's best interests,
determine under some circumstances to vote contrary to those positions.         

The  Guidelines  on a  particular  issue  may or may  not  reflect  the  view of
individual members of the Board or of a majority of the Board. In addition,  the
Guidelines may reflect a voting position that differs from the actual  practices
of  the  public  companies  within  the  Deutsche  Bank  organization  or of the
investment  companies for which the Advisor or an affiliate serves as investment
advisor or sponsor.                                                             

The  Advisor  may  consider  the views of a portfolio  company's  management  in
deciding how to vote a proxy or in establishing general voting positions for the
Guidelines, but management's views are not determinative.                       

69

P-->497444th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 444th
As mentioned above, the Policies  describe the way in which the Advisor resolves
conflicts  of  interest.  To  resolve  conflicts,   the  advisor,  under  normal
circumstances,  votes proxies in accordance with its Guidelines.  If the Advisor
departs  from  the  Guidelines  with  respect  to a  particular  proxy or if the
Guidelines do not specifically  address a certain proxy proposal, a proxy voting
committee established by the advisor will vote the proxy. Before voting any such
proxy,  however,  the  Advisor's  conflicts  review  committee  will  conduct an
investigation to determine whether any potential  conflicts of interest exist in
connection with the particular proxy proposal. If the conflicts review committee
determines  that the Advisor has a material  conflict  of  interest,  or certain
individuals on the proxy voting committee  should be recused from  participating
in a  particular  proxy vote,  it will  inform the proxy  voting  committee.  If
notified  that the Advisor has a material  conflict,  or fewer than three voting
members are eligible to  participate  in the proxy vote,  typically  the Advisor
will  engage an  independent  third  party to vote the proxy or follow the proxy
voting recommendations of an independent third party.                           

Under certain circumstances,  the Advisor may not be able to vote proxies or the
Advisor  may find that the  expected  economic  costs from voting  outweigh  the
benefits  associated with voting. For example,  the Advisor may not vote proxies
on certain foreign securities due to local restrictions or customs.  The Advisor
generally  does  not vote  proxies  on  securities  subject  to  share  blocking
restrictions.                                                                   

You may  obtain  information  about  how a Fund  voted  proxies  related  to its
portfolio  securities  during the 12-month  period ended June 30 by visiting the
Securities and Exchange  Commission's Web site at www.sec.gov or by visiting our
Web site at:  www.dws-scudder.com  (click on "proxy voting" at the bottom of the
page).                                                                          

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The financial statements,  including the portfolio of investments, of DWS Global
Thematic  Fund  and  DWS  International   Fund,  together  with  the  Report  of
Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, Financial Highlights and notes to
financial statements in the Annual Report to the Shareholders of each Fund dated
August 31, 2007, are  incorporated  herein by reference and are hereby deemed to
be a part of this combined Statement of Additional Information.                 

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

The CUSIP number of DWS Global Thematic Fund Class S is 233379759.              

The CUSIP number of DWS International Fund Class S shares is 23337R817.         

Each Fund has a fiscal year end of August 31.                                   

This Statement of Additional  Information contains the information of DWS Global
Thematic  Fund and DWS  International  Fund.  Each Fund,  through  its  combined
prospectus,  offers only its own share classes, yet it is possible that one Fund
might become liable for a  misstatement  regarding the other Fund. The Directors
of each Fund have  considered  this, and have approved the use of this Statement
of Additional Information.                                                      

The Funds' prospectus and this Statement of Additional  Information omit certain
information  contained in the Registration  Statement which the Funds have filed
with the SEC under the  Securities  Act of 1933 and  reference is hereby made to
the Registration Statement for further information with respect to each Fund and
the securities  offered hereby.  This Registration  Statement and its amendments
are available for inspection by the public at the SEC in Washington, D.C.       

70

P-->497445th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 445th
RATINGS OF INVESTMENTS

Standard & Poor's Corporation Bond Ratings                                      

AAA.  Debt  rated AAA had the  highest  rating  assigned  by  Standard & Poor's.
Capacity to pay interest and repay principal is extremely strong.               

AA. Debt rated AA has a very strong capacity to pay interest and repay principal
and differs from the higher rated issues only in small degree.                  

A. Debt  rated A has a strong  capacity  to pay  interest  and  repay  principal
although it is somewhat more  susceptible  to the adverse  effects of changes in
circumstances and economic conditions than debt in higher rated categories.     

BBB.  Debt rated BBB is regarded as having an adequate  capacity to pay interest
and  repay  principal.   Whereas  it  normally  exhibits   adequate   protection
parameters,  adverse  economic  conditions  or changing  circumstances  are more
likely to lead to a weakened  capacity to pay interest and repay  principal  for
debt in this category than in higher rated categories.                          

BB, B, CCC, CC and C. Debt rated BB, B, CCC, CC and C is  regarded,  on balance,
as predominantly  speculative with respect to capacity to pay interest and repay
principal in  accordance  with the terms of the  obligation.  BB  indicates  the
lowest degree of speculation and C the highest degree of speculation. While such
debt will likely have some  quality and  protective  characteristics,  these are
outweighed by large uncertainties or major risk exposures to adverse conditions.

CI. The rating CI is  reserved  for income  bonds on which no  interest is being
paid.                                                                           

D. Debt rated D is in  default,  and  payment of interest  and/or  repayment  of
principal is in arrears.                                                        

Moody's Investors Service, Inc. Bond Ratings                                    

AAA. Bonds which are rated Aaa are judged to be of the best quality.  They carry
the  smallest  degree  of  investment  risk  and are  generally  referred  to as
"gilt-edge."  Interest  payments are protected by a large or by an exceptionally
stable margin and principal is secure. While the various protective elements are
likely to change,  such changes as can be visualized are most unlikely to impair
the fundamentally strong position of such issues.                               

Aa. Bonds which are rated Aa are judged to be of high quality by all  standards.
Together with the Aaa group they comprise what are generally known as high-grade
bonds.  They are rated lower than the best bonds  because  margins of protection
may not be as large as in Aaa securities or  fluctuation of protective  elements
may be of greater  amplitude or there may be other  elements  present which make
the long term risks appear somewhat larger than in Aaa securities.              

A. Bonds which are rated A possess many favorable investment  attributes and are
to be considered as upper medium grade  obligations.  Factors giving security to
principal and interest are considered adequate but elements may be present which
suggest a susceptibility to impairment sometime in the future.                  

Baa. Bonds which are rated Baa are considered as medium grade obligations, i.e.,
they are neither  highly  protected nor poorly  secured.  Interest  payments and
principal  security  appear  adequate  for the present  but  certain  protective
elements may be lacking or may be  characteristically  unreliable over any great
length of time. Such bonds lack outstanding  investment  characteristics  and in
fact have speculative characteristics as well.                                  

Ba.  Bonds  which are rated Ba are judged to have  speculative  elements;  their
future cannot be considered  as well assured.  Often the  protection of interest
and  principal  payments may be very  moderate and thereby not well             

71

P-->497446th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 446th
safeguarded  during  both good and bad times  over the  future.  Uncertainty  of
position characterizes bonds in this class.                                     

B. Bonds  which are rated B  generally  lack  characteristics  of the  desirable
investment.  Assurance of interest and principal  payments or of  maintenance of
other terms of the contract over any long period of time may be small.          

Caa.  Bonds  which are rated Caa are of poor  standing.  Such  issues  may be in
default or there may be present  elements of danger with respect to principal or
interest.                                                                       

Ca. Bonds which are rated Ca represent  obligations  which are  speculative in a
high degree. Such issues are often in default or have other marked shortcomings.

C.  Bonds  which are rated C are the lowest  rated  class of bonds and issues so
rated can be regarded as having  extremely  poor prospects of ever attaining any
real investment standing.                                                       

Fitch Long-Term Debt Ratings                                                    

AAA.  Highest credit  quality.  "AAA" ratings  denote the lowest  expectation of
credit risk. They are assigned only in case of exceptionally strong capacity for
timely payment of financial commitments.  This capacity is highly unlikely to be
adversely affected by foreseeable events.                                       

AA. Very high credit  quality.  "AA"` ratings  denote a very low  expectation of
credit risk.  They indicate very strong capacity for timely payment of financial
commitments.  This  capacity  is not  significantly  vulnerable  to  foreseeable
events.                                                                         

A. High credit quality. "A" ratings denote a low expectation of credit risk. The
capacity for timely payment of financial  commitments is considered strong. This
capacity may, nevertheless, be more vulnerable to changes in circumstances or in
economic conditions than is the case for higher ratings.                        

BBB. Good credit quality.  "BBB" ratings  indicate that there is currently a low
expectation  of credit  risk.  The  capacity  for timely  payment  of  financial
commitments is considered adequate,  but adverse changes in circumstances and in
economic conditions are more likely to impair this capacity.  This is the lowest
investment-grade category.                                                      

BB.  Speculative.  "BB" ratings  indicate that there is a possibility  of credit
risk  developing,  particularly  as the result of adverse  economic  change over
time;  however,  business or  financial  alternatives  may be available to allow
financial  commitments  to be met.  Securities  rated in this  category  are not
investment grade.                                                               

B. Highly  speculative.  "B" ratings  indicate that  significant  credit risk is
present,  but a limited  margin of safety  remains.  Financial  commitments  are
currently being met; however,  capacity for continued payment is contingent upon
a sustained, favorable business and economic environment.                       

CCC,  CC, C. High  default  risk.  Default is a real  possibility.  Capacity for
meeting  financial  commitments  is solely  reliant  upon  sustained,  favorable
business or economic developments.  A "CC" rating indicates that default of some
kind appears probable. "C" ratings signal imminent default.                     

DDD, DD, D. Default.  The ratings of  obligations  in this category are based on
their prospects for achieving  partial or full recovery in a  reorganization  or
liquidation  of  the  obligor.   While  expected   recovery  values  are  highly
speculative  and cannot be estimated with any precision,  the following serve as
general  guidelines.  "DDD" obligations have the highest potential for recovery,
around  90%-100% of  outstanding  amounts and accrued  interest.  "DD" indicates
potential  recoveries  in the  range of  50%-90%,  and "D" the  lowest  recovery
potential, i.e., below 50%.                                                     

Entities  rated  in  this  category  have  defaulted  on  some  or all of  their
obligations.  Entities  rated "DDD" have the highest  prospect for resumption of
performance  or  continued  operation  with or  without a formal  reorganization

72

P-->497447th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 447th
process.  Entities  rated  "DD"  and  "D"  are  generally  undergoing  a  formal
reorganization or liquidation process;  those rated "DD" are likely to satisfy a
higher portion of their outstanding obligations, while entities rated "D" have a
poor prospect for repaying all obligations.                                     

Fitch Short-Term Debt Ratings                                                   

F1.  Highest credit  quality.  Indicates the Best capacity for timely payment of
financial commitments;  may have an added "+" to denote any exceptionally strong
credit feature.                                                                 

F2. Good credit quality. A satisfactory capacity for timely payment of financial
commitments,  but the  margin  of  safety  is not as great as in the case of the
higher ratings.                                                                 

F3.  Fair  credit  quality.   The  capacity  for  timely  payment  of  financial
commitments is adequate;  however,  near-term  adverse changes could result in a
reduction to non-investment grade.                                              

B.  Speculative.  Minimal capacity for timely payment of financial  commitments,
plus  vulnerability  to  near-term  adverse  changes in  financial  and economic
conditions.                                                                     

C. High  default  risk.  Default is a real  possibility.  Capacity  for  meeting
financial commitments is solely reliant upon a sustained, favorable business and
economic environment.                                                           

D. Default. Denotes actual or imminent payment default.                         

Commercial Paper Ratings                                                        

Commercial  paper rated by Standard & Poor's  Ratings  Services  ("S&P") has the
following   characteristics:   Liquidity   ratios  are  adequate  to  meet  cash
requirements.  Long-term  senior  debt is rated "A" or  better.  The  issuer has
access to at least two additional channels of borrowing. Basic earnings and cash
flow  have an  upward  trend  with  allowance  made for  unusual  circumstances.
Typically, the issuer's industry is well established and the issuer has a strong
position  within the industry.  The  reliability  and quality of management  are
unquestioned.  Relative  strength  or weakness  of the above  factors  determine
whether the issuer's commercial paper is rated A-1 or A-2.                      

The ratings  Prime-1 and Prime-2 are the two highest  commercial  paper  ratings
assigned  by Moody's  Investors  Service,  Inc.  ("Moody's").  Among the factors
considered by it in assigning  ratings are the following:  (1) evaluation of the
management of the issuer;  (2) economic  evaluation of the issuer's  industry or
industries and an appraisal of  speculative-type  risks which may be inherent in
certain  areas;  (3)  evaluation  of  the  issuer's   products  in  relation  to
competition and customer  acceptance;  (4) liquidity;  (5) amount and quality of
long-term debt; (6) trend of earnings over a period of ten years;  (7) financial
strength of a parent company and the relationships  which exist with the issuer;
and (8) recognition by the management of obligations which may be present or may
arise as a result of public  interest  questions and  preparations  to meet such
obligations.  Relative  strength  or weakness  of the above  factors  determines
whether the issuer's commercial paper is rated Prime-1 or 2.                    

Municipal Notes                                                                 

Moody's: The highest ratings for state and municipal short-term  obligations are
"MIG 1," "MIG 2," and "MIG 3" (or "VMIG 1," "VMIG 2" and "VMIG 3" in the case of
an issue having a variable rate demand feature). Notes rated "MIG 1" or "VMIG 1"
are judged to be of the "best  quality".  Notes rated "MIG 2" or "VMIG 2" are of
"high  quality," with margins or protection  "ample  although not as large as in
the  preceding  group".  Notes  rated  "MIG  3" or  "VMIG  3" are of  "favorable
quality," with all security  elements  accounted for but lacking the strength of
the preceding grades.                                                           

73

P-->497448th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 448th
S&P:  The  "SP-1"  rating  reflects  a "very  strong or strong  capacity  to pay
principal and interest". Notes issued with "overwhelming safety characteristics"
will be rated "SP-1+".  The "SP-2" rating reflects a "satisfactory  capacity" to
pay principal and interest.                                                     

Fitch:  The highest ratings for state and municipal  short-term  obligations are
"F-1+," "F-1," and "F-2."                                                       

74

DWS INTERNATIONAL FUND, INC.

DWS International Value Opportunities Fund
 Class A, Class C and Institutional Class Shares

 STATEMENT OF ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
December 1, 2007

This Statement of Additional  Information is not a prospectus and should be read
in conjunction with the prospectuses (each, a "Prospectus" and collectively, the
"Prospectuses"),  dated December 1, 2007 for Class A, Class C and  Institutional
Class shares of DWS  International  Value  Opportunities  Fund (the  "Fund"),  a
series of DWS International Fund, Inc. (the "Corporation"), as amended from time
to time,  copies of which may be  obtained  without  charge  by  contacting  DWS
Scudder Distributors,  Inc., 222 South Riverside Plaza, Chicago, Illinois 60606,
1-800-621-1148,  or from  the firm  from  which  this  Statement  of  Additional
Information  was  obtained and is  available  along with other  materials on the
Securities and Exchange Commission's Internet Web site (http://www.sec.gov).    

The Annual Report to Shareholders  dated August 31, 2007 is incorporated  herein
by reference  and is hereby  deemed to be part of this  Statement of  Additional
Information.                                                                    

This Statement of Additional  Information is  incorporated by reference into the
corresponding Prospectus for each class of shares of the Fund.                  

P-->497449th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 449th
 TABLE OF CONTENTS
                                                                        Page
                                                                        ----

INVESTMENT RESTRICTIONS.....................................................2   
INVESTMENT POLICIES AND TECHNIQUES..........................................4   
Investment Objective and Policies........................................4
Investment Techniques....................................................4
Portfolio Holdings......................................................23

MANAGEMENT OF THE FUND.....................................................25   
Investment Advisor......................................................25
Compensation of Portfolio Managers......................................28

FUND SERVICE PROVIDERS.....................................................32   
Principal Underwriter...................................................32
Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm...........................37
Legal Counsel...........................................................37
Custodian, Transfer Agent and Shareholder Service Agent.................37

PORTFOLIO TRANSACTIONS.....................................................38   
PURCHASE AND REDEMPTION OF SHARES..........................................40   
DIVIDENDS..................................................................55   
TAXES......................................................................56   
NET ASSET VALUE............................................................61   
DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS.....................................................62   
FUND ORGANIZATION..........................................................72   
PROXY VOTING GUIDELINES....................................................74   
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.......................................................75   
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION.....................................................75   

i 

P-->497450th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 450th
 INVESTMENT RESTRICTIONS

Except as otherwise indicated,  the Fund's investment objective and policies are
not fundamental and may be changed without a vote of shareholders.  There can be
no assurance that the Fund's objective will be met.                             

Any  investment  restrictions  herein  which  involve  a maximum  percentage  of
securities  or assets shall not be  considered  to be violated  unless an excess
over the percentage occurs  immediately after and is caused by an acquisition or
encumbrance of securities or assets of, or borrowings by, the Fund.             

The Fund has elected to be treated as a diversified  investment company, as that
term is used in the Investment Act of 1940, as amended (the "1940 Act"),  and as
interpreted or modified by regulatory authority having  jurisdiction,  from time
to time.                                                                        

As a matter of fundamental policy:                                              

1.       The Fund may not borrow money,  except as permitted under the 1940 Act,
         and  as  interpreted  or  modified  by  regulatory   authority   having
jurisdiction, from time to time.                              

2.       The Fund may not issue senior securities, except as permitted under the
         1940 Act,  as amended,  and as  interpreted  or modified by  regulatory
authority having jurisdiction, from time to time.             

3.       The Fund may not concentrate its investments in a particular  industry,
         as that term is used in the 1940 Act, as amended, and as interpreted or
         modified by  regulatory  authority  having  jurisdiction,  from time to
time.                                                         

4.       The Fund may not  engage in the  business  of  underwriting  securities
         issued by others,  except to the extent  that the Fund may be deemed to
         be an  underwriter  in  connection  with the  disposition  of portfolio
securities.                                                   

5.       The Fund may not  purchase  or sell real  estate,  which  term does not
         include  securities of companies which deal in real estate or mortgages
         or investments secured by real estate or interests therein, except that
         the Fund  reserves  freedom  of action to hold and to sell real  estate
acquired as a result of the Fund's ownership of securities.   

6.       The Fund may not purchase or sell  commodities,  except as permitted by
         the 1940  Act,  as  amended,  and as  interpreted  or  modified  by the
regulatory authority having jurisdiction, from time to time.  

7.       The Fund may not make loans except as permitted  under the 1940 Act, as
         amended,  and as interpreted or modified by regulatory authority having
jurisdiction, from time to time.                              

A  fundamental  policy may not be changed  without the approval of a majority of
the outstanding  voting securities of the Fund which, under the 1940 Act and the
rules thereunder and as used in this Statement of Additional Information,  means
the lesser of (1) 67% or more of the voting securities  present at such meeting,
if the holders of more than 50% of the outstanding voting securities of the Fund
are present or  represented  by proxy,  or (2) more than 50% of the  outstanding
voting securities of the Fund.                                                  

The Directors of DWS International  Fund, Inc. have voluntarily  adopted certain
policies  and  restrictions,  which are  observed  in the  conduct of the Fund's
affairs.  These  represent  intentions  of  the  Directors  based  upon  current
circumstances.  Non-fundamental  policies may be changed by the Directors of the
Corporation  without requiring  approval of or, with certain  exceptions,  prior
notice to, shareholders.                                                        

As a matter of nonfundamental policy, the Fund currently does not intend to:    

2 

P-->497451st Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 451st
(a)      borrow money in an amount  greater  than 5% of its total assets  except
         (i) for temporary or emergency purposes and (ii) by engaging in reverse
         repurchase   agreements,   dollar  rolls,   or  other   investments  or
         transactions  described in the Fund's registration  statement which may
be deemed to be borrowings;                                   

(b)      enter into either reverse  repurchase  agreements or dollar rolls in an
amount greater than 5% of its total assets;                   

(c)      purchase  securities  on margin or make short  sales,  except (i) short
         sales against the box, (ii) in connection with arbitrage  transactions,
         (iii) for margin deposits in connection with futures contracts, options
         or other  permitted  investments,  (iv) that  transactions  in  futures
         contracts  and  options  shall  not be  deemed  to  constitute  selling
         securities  short,  and (v) that the Fund may  obtain  such  short-term
         credits  as  may  be  necessary   for  the   clearance  of   securities
transactions;                                                 

(d)      purchase  options,  unless  the  aggregate  premiums  paid on all  such
         options  held by the Fund at any time do not  exceed  20% of its  total
         assets; or sell put options, if as a result, the aggregate value of the
         obligations  underlying  such put options would exceed 50% of its total
assets;                                                       

(e)      enter  into  futures  contracts  or  purchase  options  thereon  unless
         immediately  after the  purchase,  the value of the  aggregate  initial
         margin with respect to such futures contracts entered into on behalf of
         the Fund and the premiums  paid for such  options on futures  contracts
         does not  exceed  20% of the fair  market  value  of the  Fund's  total
         assets;  provided that in the case of an option that is in-the-money at
         the time of  purchase,  the  in-the-money  amount  may be  excluded  in
computing the 20% limit;                                      

(f)      purchase warrants if as a result,  such securities,  taken at the lower
         of cost or market value,  would  represent more than 5% of the value of
         the Fund's total assets (for this purpose,  warrants  acquired in units
or attached to securities will be deemed to have no value);   

(g)      lend  portfolio  securities in an amount greater than 33?% of its total
assets;                                                       

(h)      acquire  securities  of  registered  open-end  investment  companies or
         registered unit investment  trusts in reliance on Sections  12(d)(1)(F)
or 12(d)(1)(G) of the 1940 Act.                               

The Fund will not purchase illiquid securities,  including repurchase agreements
maturing in more than seven days, if, as a result thereof,  more than 15% of the
Fund's net assets,  valued at the time of the transaction,  would be invested in
such securities.                                                                

If a percentage  restriction  is adhered to at the time of  investment,  a later
increase or decrease in percentage  beyond the specified  limit resulting from a
change in values or net assets will not be considered a violation.              

Master/feeder  Fund  Structure.  The Board of Directors  has the  discretion  to
retain the current  distribution  arrangement  for the Fund while investing in a
master fund in a master/feeder fund structure as described below.               

A master/feeder fund structure is one in which a fund (a "feeder fund"), instead
of investing  directly in a portfolio of securities,  invests most or all of its
investment  assets in a separate  registered  investment  company  (the  "master
fund") with  substantially  the same  investment  objective  and policies as the
feeder  fund.  Such a  structure  permits  the  pooling of assets of two or more
feeder funds,  preserving  separate  identities or distribution  channels at the
feeder  fund  level.  Based on the  premise  that  certain  of the  expenses  of
operating an investment  portfolio are  relatively  fixed,  a larger  investment
portfolio may eventually  achieve a lower ratio of operating expenses to average
net assets. An existing  investment  company is able to convert to a feeder fund
by  selling  all  of  its  investments,   which  involves  brokerage  and  other
transaction  costs and realization of a taxable gain or loss, or by contributing
its assets to the master  fund and  avoiding  transaction  costs and,  if proper
procedures are followed, the realization of taxable gain or loss.               

3 

P-->497452nd Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 452nd
INVESTMENT POLICIES AND TECHNIQUES

General                                                                         

The Fund is an open-end management  investment company which continuously offers
and redeems shares at net asset value (less  applicable  sales charges or fees).
The Fund is a company  of the type  commonly  known as a mutual  fund.  The Fund
offers  four  classes  of shares:  Class A,  Class C, Class S and  Institutional
Class.  Class S shares of the Fund are offered  through a separate  Statement of
Additional Information.                                                         

Investment Objective and Policies                                               

The  Fund  seeks  long-term  capital  appreciation,  with  current  income  as a
secondary objective.                                                            

Under  normal  circumstances,  the  Fund  invests  at least  80% of its  assets,
determined  at the time of  purchase,  in the stocks and other  securities  with
equity  characteristics  of companies in developed  countries outside the United
States.  Almost all the  companies  in which the Fund  invests  are based in the
developed   foreign   countries  that  make  up  the  Morgan   Stanley   Capital
International Europe, Australia and Ear East Index ("MSCI EAFE Index"). The Fund
may also  invest a portion  of its  assets in  companies  based in the  emerging
markets  of Latin  America,  the  Middle  East,  Europe,  Asia and Africa if the
portfolio managers believe that their return potential more than compensates for
the extra risks associated with these markets. While the portfolio managers have
invested in emerging markets in the past, under normal market conditions they do
not consider this a central element of the Fund's strategy.  Typically, the Fund
would  not  hold  more  than  20% of its net  assets  in  emerging  markets.  In
implementing  this overall  strategy,  the Fund may  experience a high portfolio
turnover  rate.  The  Fund  may  also  invest  up to 20% of its  assets  in cash
equivalents,  US  investment-grade  fixed-income  securities,  and US stocks and
other equities.                                                                 

The Fund  invests  for the long  term.  The  portfolio  managers  employ a value
strategy and invest in companies  that they believe are  undervalued.  These are
typically companies that have been historically sound but are temporarily out of
favor.   The  Fund  intends  to  invest  primarily  in  companies  whose  market
capitalizations fall within the normal range of the MSCI EAFE Index.            

The portfolio  managers track several thousand companies to arrive at between 50
to 70 stocks the Fund normally holds. The managers use a variety of quantitative
screens to compare a  company's  stock  price to its book  value,  cash flow and
dividend  yield,  and analyze  individual  companies to identify  those that are
financially sound and appear to have strong potential for long-term growth.     

After narrowing the investment  universe  through the use of valuation  screens,
the portfolio  managers' use of fundamental  research tools lies at the heart of
the  investment  process.  The  portfolio  managers'  process  brings  an  added
dimension to this fundamental research by drawing on the insight of experts from
a range of financial  disciplines - regional  stock market  specialists,  global
industry  specialists,  economists and  quantitative  analysts.  They challenge,
refine and amplify each other's ideas.  Their close  collaboration is a critical
element of the portfolio managers' investment process.                          

The Fund may invest in various  instruments  commonly known as  `derivatives" to
increase or decrease its exposure to an asset class, securities market, index or
currency.  The Fund will  primarily  use futures,  options,  options on futures,
forward currency transactions and swaps. The Fund may also invest in derivatives
to gain  exposure  to the market  while,  at the same time,  maintaining  a high
degree of liquidity in order to meet shareholder redemptions or other needs. Use
of some  derivatives  may have the effect of leveraging the Fund's exposure to a
particular  asset class or other  investment,  which heightens risk but may also
allow  for  enhanced  returns.  In  implementing  this  strategy,  the  Fund may
experience a high portfolio turnover rate.                                      

Investment Techniques                                                           

Descriptions  in  this  Statement  of  Additional  Information  of a  particular
investment  practice  or  technique  in which the Fund may  engage  are meant to
describe  the  spectrum  of  investments  that  the  Advisor  or the  subadvisor

4 

P-->497453rd Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 453rd
(hereinafter the "Advisor") in its discretion might, but is not required to, use
in managing the Fund's  portfolio  assets.  The Advisor may in its discretion at
any time employ such a practice,  technique or instrument  for one or more funds
but not for all funds  advised by it.  Furthermore,  it is possible that certain
types of financial instruments or investment techniques described herein may not
be available, permissible, economically feasible or effective for their intended
purposes in all markets. Certain practices, techniques or instruments may not be
principal  activities of the Fund, but, to the extent employed,  could from time
to time have a material impact on the Fund's performance. The Fund may engage in
certain practices not described herein.                                         

Borrowing.  As a matter of  fundamental  policy,  the Fund may not borrow money,
except as  permitted  under the 1940 Act,  and as  interpreted  or  modified  by
regulatory authority having jurisdiction, from time to time. While the Fund does
not currently  intend to borrow for investment  leveraging  purposes,  if such a
strategy were implemented in the future it would increase the Fund's  volatility
and the risk of loss in a declining  market.  Borrowing by the Fund will involve
special risk  considerations.  The Fund's  assets may change in value during the
time a borrowing is outstanding, thus increasing exposure to capital risk.      

Common  Stocks.  Common  stock is issued by companies to raise cash for business
purposes  and  represents  a  proportionate  interest in the issuing  companies.
Therefore,  the Fund  participates  in the  success or failure of any company in
which  it  holds  stock.  The  market  values  of  common  stock  can  fluctuate
significantly,  reflecting  the  business  performance  of the issuing  company,
investor perception and general economic and financial market movements. Despite
the risk of price volatility, however, common stocks have historically offered a
greater potential for long-term gain on investment, compared to other classes of
financial  assets such as bonds or cash  equivalents,  although  there can be no
assurance that this will be true in the future.                                 

Convertible Securities. The Fund may invest in convertible securities,  that is,
bonds,  notes,  debentures,  preferred  stocks  and other  securities  which are
convertible into common stock. Investments in convertible securities can provide
an  opportunity  for capital  appreciation  and/or income  through  interest and
dividend payments by virtue of their conversion or exchange features.           

The convertible  securities in which the Fund may invest are either fixed income
or zero coupon debt  securities  which may be converted or exchanged at a stated
or  determinable  exchange  ratio into  underlying  shares of common stock.  The
exchange ratio for any particular convertible security may be adjusted from time
to time due to stock splits, dividends, spin-offs, other corporate distributions
or scheduled  changes in the exchange  ratio.  Convertible  debt  securities and
convertible  preferred  stocks,  until converted,  have general  characteristics
similar to both debt and equity  securities.  Although  to a lesser  extent than
with debt securities generally, the market value of convertible securities tends
to decline as interest  rates  increase  and,  conversely,  tends to increase as
interest  rates  decline.  In addition,  because of the  conversion  or exchange
feature,  the market value of convertible  securities  typically  changes as the
market value of the underlying common stocks changes, and, therefore, also tends
to follow  movements  in the  general  market  for equity  securities.  A unique
feature of convertible  securities is that as the market price of the underlying
common stock declines,  convertible  securities tend to trade  increasingly on a
yield basis, and so may not experience  market value declines to the same extent
as the underlying  common stock.  When the market price of the underlying common
stock  increases,  the prices of the  convertible  securities  tend to rise as a
reflection of the value of the underlying common stock,  although  typically not
as much as the  underlying  common stock.  While no securities  investments  are
without risk,  investments in convertible  securities generally entail less risk
than investments in common stock of the same issuer.                            

As debt securities,  convertible  securities are investments which provide for a
stream of income (or in the case of zero coupon securities, accretion of income)
with  generally  higher  yields  than  common  stocks.   Convertible  securities
generally offer lower yields than non-convertible  securities of similar quality
because of their conversion or exchange features.                               

Of course,  like all debt  securities,  there can be no  assurance  of income or
principal payments because the issuers of the convertible securities may default
on their obligations.                                                           

Convertible   securities   generally  are  subordinated  to  other  similar  but
non-convertible  securities of the same issuer,  although  convertible bonds, as
corporate debt  obligations,  enjoy  seniority in right of payment to all equity
securities,                                                                     

5 

P-->497454th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 454th
and  convertible  preferred stock is senior to common stock, of the same issuer.
However, because of the subordination feature, convertible bonds and convertible
preferred  stock  typically  have lower  ratings  than  similar  non-convertible
securities.  Convertible  securities  may be issued as fixed income  obligations
that pay current  income or as zero  coupon  notes and bonds,  including  Liquid
Yield Option Notes ("LYONs"(TM)).                                               

Debt  Securities.  The Fund may invest in debt  securities,  including  bonds of
private  issuers.  Portfolio debt  investments will be selected on the basis of,
among other things,  credit quality,  and the fundamental outlooks for currency,
economic  and interest  rate trends,  taking into account the ability to hedge a
degree  of  currency  or  local  bond  price   risk.   The  Fund  may   purchase
"investment-grade"  bonds,  rated Aaa,  Aa, A or Baa by Moody's or AAA, AA, A or
BBB by S&P or, if unrated,  judged to be of equivalent  quality as determined by
the Advisor.                                                                    

The principal  risks involved with  investments  in bonds include  interest rate
risk, credit risk and pre-payment risk.  Interest rate risk refers to the likely
decline in the value of bonds as  interest  rates rise.  Generally,  longer-term
securities are more susceptible to changes in value as a result of interest-rate
changes than are shorter-term securities. Credit risk refers to the risk that an
issuer of a bond may  default  with  respect  to the  payment of  principal  and
interest.  The  lower  a bond  is  rated,  the  more  it is  considered  to be a
speculative or risky  investment.  Pre-payment risk is commonly  associated with
pooled debt  securities,  such as  mortgage-backed  securities  and asset backed
securities,  but may affect other debt  securities as well.  When the underlying
debt obligations are prepaid ahead of schedule,  the return on the security will
be lower than expected.  Pre-payment  rates usually increase when interest rates
are falling.                                                                    

Depositary  Receipts.  The Fund may invest in sponsored or unsponsored  American
Depositary  Receipts ("ADRs"),  European  Depositary  Receipts ("EDRs"),  Global
Depositary  Receipts ("GDRs"),  International  Depositary  Receipts ("IDRs") and
other types of Depositary  Receipts  (which,  together with ADRs, EDRs, GDRs and
IDRs are hereinafter referred to as "Depositary Receipts").  Depositary Receipts
provide  indirect  investment  in  securities  of  foreign  issuers.  Prices  of
unsponsored Depositary Receipts may be more volatile than if they were sponsored
by  the  issuer  of the  underlying  securities.  Depositary  Receipts  may  not
necessarily be  denominated  in the same currency as the  underlying  securities
into which  they may be  converted.  In  addition,  the  issuers of the stock of
unsponsored   Depositary   Receipts  are  not  obligated  to  disclose  material
information in the United States and, therefore,  there may not be a correlation
between such information and the market value of the Depositary  Receipts.  ADRs
are  Depositary  Receipts which are bought and sold in the United States and are
typically  issued by a US bank or trust company and which evidence  ownership of
underlying  securities by a foreign  corporation.  GDRs, IDRs and other types of
Depositary  Receipts are typically  issued by foreign banks or trust  companies,
although they may also be issued by United States banks or trust companies,  and
evidence  ownership  of  underlying  securities  issued by either a foreign or a
United States corporation. Generally, Depositary Receipts in registered form are
designed for use in the United States securities markets and Depositary Receipts
in bearer form are designed  for use in  securities  markets  outside the United
States. For purposes of the Fund's investment  policies,  the Fund's investments
in ADRs,  GDRs and  other  types of  Depositary  Receipts  will be  deemed to be
investments in the underlying securities.  Depositary Receipts,  including those
denominated  in US dollars  will be subject to foreign  currency  exchange  rate
risk. However, by investing in US  dollar-denominated  ADRs rather than directly
in foreign  issuers' stock, the Fund avoids currency risks during the settlement
period.  In general,  there is a large,  liquid  market in the United States for
most ADRs. However, certain Depositary Receipts may not be listed on an exchange
and therefore may be illiquid securities.                                       

Eurodollar Instruments.  The Fund may make investments in Eurodollar instruments
for hedging purposes or to enhance potential gain. Eurodollar instruments are US
dollar-denominated  futures contracts or options thereon which are linked to the
London Interbank Offered Rate ("LIBOR"),  although foreign  currency-denominated
instruments are available from time to time. Eurodollar futures contracts enable
purchasers to obtain a fixed rate for the lending of funds and sellers to obtain
a fixed rate for borrowings. The Fund might use Eurodollar futures contracts and
options  thereon to hedge against  changes in LIBOR, to which many interest rate
swaps and fixed income instruments are linked.                                  

Eurodollar  Obligations.  Eurodollar bank obligations are US  dollar-denominated
certificates  of deposit and time deposits issued outside the US capital markets
by foreign  branches of US banks and US branches  of foreign  banks.            

6 

P-->497455th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 455th
Eurodollar  obligations  are subject to the same risks that  pertain to domestic
issues,  notably  credit risk,  market risk and  liquidity  risk.  Additionally,
Eurodollar obligations are subject to certain sovereign risks.                  

Foreign  Currencies.  Because  investments  in foreign  securities  usually will
involve currencies of foreign  countries,  and because the Fund may hold foreign
currencies  and  forward  contracts,   futures  contracts,  options  on  foreign
currencies and foreign  currency  futures  contracts and other  currency-related
instruments,  the value of the assets of the Fund as  measured in US dollars may
be affected  favorably or  unfavorably by changes in foreign  currency  exchange
rates  and  exchange  control  regulations,  and the Fund may  incur  costs  and
experience   conversion   difficulties  and  uncertainties  in  connection  with
conversions between various currencies.  Fluctuations in exchange rates may also
affect the  earning  power and asset  value of the  foreign  entity  issuing the
security.                                                                       

The  strength  or  weakness  of  the  US  dollar  against  these  currencies  is
responsible for part of the Fund's investment  performance.  If the dollar falls
in value  relative to the  Japanese  yen,  for  example,  the dollar  value of a
Japanese  stock  held in the  portfolio  will rise even  though the price of the
stock remains  unchanged.  Conversely,  if the dollar rises in value relative to
the yen,  the  dollar  value of the  Japanese  stock  will  fall.  Many  foreign
currencies have experienced significant devaluation relative to the dollar.     

Although  the Fund values its assets  daily in terms of US dollars,  it does not
intend to convert its holdings of foreign  currencies into US dollars on a daily
basis.  It will do so from time to time,  and  investors  should be aware of the
costs of currency conversion.  Although foreign exchange dealers do not charge a
fee for  conversion,  they do  realize  a profit  based on the  difference  (the
"spread")  between  the  prices at which they are  buying  and  selling  various
currencies.  Thus, a dealer may offer to sell a foreign  currency to the Fund at
one rate,  while  offering a lesser rate of  exchange  should the Fund desire to
resell that currency to the dealer.  The Fund will conduct its foreign  currency
exchange  transactions  either  on a spot  (i.e.,  cash)  basis at the spot rate
prevailing in the foreign  currency  exchange  market,  or through entering into
options or forward or futures contracts to purchase or sell foreign currencies. 

Foreign Fixed Income Securities.  Since most foreign fixed income securities are
not rated,  a fund will invest in foreign fixed income  securities  based on the
Advisor's analysis without relying on published ratings.  Since such investments
will be based upon the Advisor's  analysis  rather than upon published  ratings,
achievement  of a fund's goals may depend more upon the abilities of the Advisor
than would otherwise be the case.                                               

The value of the foreign fixed income  securities  held by a fund,  and thus the
net asset value of a fund's shares, generally will fluctuate with (a) changes in
the perceived creditworthiness of the issuers of those securities, (b) movements
in interest  rates,  and (c) changes in the relative values of the currencies in
which a fund's  investments  in fixed income  securities  are  denominated  with
respect to the US Dollar.  The extent of the fluctuation  will depend on various
factors,  such as the average maturity of a fund's  investments in foreign fixed
income  securities,  and the extent to which a fund  hedges its  interest  rate,
credit and currency exchange rate risks. A longer average maturity  generally is
associated  with a  higher  level  of  volatility  in the  market  value of such
securities in response to changes in market conditions.                         

Investments  in  sovereign  debt,  including  Brady Bonds  (Brady Bonds are debt
securities   issued  under  a  plan  implemented  to  allow  debtor  nations  to
restructure their  outstanding  commercial bank  indebtedness),  involve special
risks. Foreign governmental issuers of debt or the governmental authorities that
control the repayment of the debt may be unable or unwilling to repay  principal
or pay  interest  when due. In the event of default,  there may be limited or no
legal recourse in that, generally,  remedies for defaults must be pursued in the
courts of the defaulting  party.  Political  conditions,  especially a sovereign
entity's  willingness to meet the terms of its fixed income  securities,  are of
considerable  significance.  Also, there can be no assurance that the holders of
commercial bank loans to the same sovereign  entity may not contest  payments to
the holders of sovereign debt in the event of default under commercial bank loan
agreements.  In  addition,  there is no  bankruptcy  proceeding  with respect to
sovereign debt on which a sovereign has  defaulted,  and a fund may be unable to
collect  all or any  part  of its  investment  in a  particular  issue.  Foreign
investment  in certain  sovereign  debt is  restricted  or controlled to varying
degrees,  including  requiring  governmental  approval for the  repatriation  of
income, capital or proceed of sales by foreign investors.  These restrictions or
controls may at times limit or preclude foreign  investment in certain sovereign
debt or increase the costs and expenses of a fund.                              

7 

P-->497456th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 456th
Sovereign  debt of  emerging  market  governmental  issuers is to be  considered
speculative.  Emerging market governmental issuers are among the largest debtors
to commercial banks, foreign governments,  international financial organizations
and other financial  institutions.  Certain emerging market governmental issuers
have  not  been  able to make  payments  of  interest  on or  principal  of debt
obligations as those payments have come due. There is a history of defaults with
respect  to  commercial  bank  loans by  public  and  private  entities  issuing
sovereign  debt.  All or a portion of the  interest  payments  and/or  principal
repayment  with respect to sovereign debt may be  uncollateralized.  Obligations
arising from past restructuring  agreements may affect the economic  performance
and political and social stability of those issuers.                            

The  ability of  emerging  market  country  governmental  issuers to make timely
payments  on their  obligations  is  likely  to be  influenced  strongly  by the
issuer's balance of payments,  including export  performance,  and its access to
international  credits and  investments.  An emerging  market whose  exports are
concentrated  in a few  commodities  could be  vulnerable  to a  decline  in the
international   prices   of  one  or  more  of  those   commodities.   Increased
protectionism  on the part of an emerging  market's  trading partners could also
adversely  affect the country's  exports and diminish its trade account surplus,
if any. To the extent that emerging  markets  receive payment for its exports in
currencies other than dollars or non-emerging market currencies,  its ability to
make debt payments  denominated  in dollars or  non-emerging  market  currencies
could be affected.                                                              

Another factor bearing on the ability of emerging market countries to repay debt
obligations is the level of international reserves of the country.  Fluctuations
in the level of these  reserves  affect the amount of foreign  exchange  readily
available  for  external  debt  payments  and thus  could  have a bearing on the
capacity  of  emerging   market   countries  to  make  payments  on  these  debt
obligations.                                                                    

To the extent that an emerging  market country cannot  generate a trade surplus,
it must  depend on  continuing  loans  from  foreign  governments,  multilateral
organizations or private commercial banks, aid payments from foreign governments
and inflows of foreign investment. The access of emerging markets to these forms
of external  funding may not be certain,  and a withdrawal  of external  funding
could  adversely  affect the capacity of emerging  market  country  governmental
issuers  to make  payments  on  their  obligations.  In  addition,  the  cost of
servicing  emerging  market  debt  obligations  can be  affected  by a change in
international  interest  rates  since the  majority of these  obligations  carry
interest rates that are adjusted periodically based upon international rates.   

Foreign  Investment.  Foreign securities are normally  denominated and traded in
foreign currencies. As a result, the value of the Fund's foreign investments and
the value of its shares may be affected  favorably or  unfavorably by changes in
currency exchange rates relative to the US dollar. There may be less information
publicly  available  about a foreign issuer than about a US issuer,  and foreign
issuers  may not be subject to  accounting,  auditing  and  financial  reporting
standards  and practices  comparable to those in the US. The  securities of some
foreign  issuers are less liquid and at times more volatile  than  securities of
comparable US issuers.  Foreign  brokerage  commissions  and other fees are also
generally  higher  than in the  US.  Foreign  settlement  procedures  and  trade
regulations  may involve  certain risks (such as delay in payment or delivery of
securities or in the recovery of the Fund's assets held abroad) and expenses not
present in the settlement of  investments in US markets.  Payment for securities
without delivery may be required in certain foreign markets.                    

In addition, foreign securities may be subject to the risk of nationalization or
expropriation   of  assets,   imposition  of  currency   exchange   controls  or
restrictions on the  repatriation of foreign  currency,  confiscatory  taxation,
political or  financial  instability  and  diplomatic  developments  which could
affect  the  value of the  Fund's  investments  in  certain  foreign  countries.
Governments   of  many   countries  have  exercised  and  continue  to  exercise
substantial  influence  over many  aspects of the  private  sector  through  the
ownership or control of many  companies,  including some of the largest in these
countries.  As  a  result,  government  actions  in  the  future  could  have  a
significant  effect on economic  conditions which may adversely affect prices of
certain   portfolio   securities.   There  is  also  generally  less  government
supervision and regulation of stock  exchanges,  brokers,  and listed  companies
than in the US.  Dividends or interest on, or proceeds from the sale of, foreign
securities  may be subject  to foreign  withholding  taxes,  and  special US tax
considerations  may apply.  Moreover,  foreign economies may differ favorably or
unfavorably  from the US economy in such  respects  as growth of gross  national
product, rate of inflation, capital reinvestment,  resource self-sufficiency and
balance of payments position.                                                   

8 

P-->497457th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 457th
Legal remedies  available to investors in certain foreign  countries may be more
limited than those  available  with respect to investments in the US or in other
foreign  countries.  The laws of some  foreign  countries  may limit the  Fund's
ability to invest in securities of certain  issuers  organized under the laws of
those foreign countries.                                                        

Of particular  importance,  many foreign  countries are heavily  dependent  upon
exports,  particularly to developed countries,  and, accordingly,  have been and
may continue to be adversely affected by trade barriers,  managed adjustments in
relative currency values, and other protectionist measures imposed or negotiated
by the US and other  countries with which they trade.  These economies also have
been and may continue to be negatively impacted by economic conditions in the US
and other  trading  partners,  which can lower the demand for goods  produced in
those countries.                                                                

The  risks  described  above,   including  the  risks  of   nationalization   or
expropriation of assets,  typically are increased in connection with investments
in `emerging  markets.' For example,  political and economic structures in these
countries may be in their infancy and developing rapidly, and such countries may
lack  the  social,  political  and  economic  stability  characteristic  of more
developed countries (including amplified risk of war and terrorism).  Certain of
these countries have in the past failed to recognize private property rights and
have at times  nationalized and  expropriated  the assets of private  companies.
Investments in emerging markets may be considered speculative.                  

The  currencies  of  certain   emerging   market   countries  have   experienced
devaluations  relative to the US dollar,  and future  devaluations may adversely
affect the value of assets denominated in such currencies. In addition, currency
hedging techniques may be unavailable in certain emerging market countries. Many
emerging  market  countries have  experienced  substantial,  and in some periods
extremely  high,  rates of  inflation or  deflation  for many years,  and future
inflation may adversely  affect the  economies  and  securities  markets of such
countries.                                                                      

In addition, unanticipated political or social developments may affect the value
of  investments  in  emerging   markets  and  the   availability  of  additional
investments  in these  markets.  Any change in the  leadership  or  politics  of
emerging  market  countries,  or  the  countries  that  exercise  a  significant
influence  over  those  countries,  may halt the  expansion  of or  reverse  the
liberalization of foreign investment policies now occurring and adversely affect
existing  investment  opportunities.  The small size, limited trading volume and
relative  inexperience  of the  securities  markets in these  countries may make
investments in securities  traded in emerging markets illiquid and more volatile
than investments in securities traded in more developed countries.  For example,
limited  market  size may cause  prices to be unduly  influenced  by traders who
control  large  positions.  In  addition,  the Fund may be required to establish
special custodial or other arrangements  before making investments in securities
traded  in  emerging  markets.  There  may be  little  financial  or  accounting
information available with respect to issuers of emerging market securities, and
it may be  difficult  as a  result  to  assess  the  value  of  prospects  of an
investment in such securities.                                                  

The risk  also  exists  that an  emergency  situation  may  arise in one or more
emerging  markets as a result of which trading of securities may cease or may be
substantially curtailed and prices for the Fund's securities in such markets may
not be readily available.  The Fund may suspend redemption of its shares for any
period during which an emergency exists,  as determined by the SEC.  Accordingly
if a Fund believes that appropriate circumstances exist, it may apply to the SEC
for a determination  that an emergency is present.  During the period commencing
from a Fund's identification of such condition until the date of the SEC action,
the  Fund's  securities  in the  affected  markets  will be valued at fair value
determined in good faith by or under the direction of the Fund's Board.         

Certain of the foregoing risks may also apply to some extent to securities of US
issuers that are denominated in foreign currencies or that are traded in foreign
markets, or securities of US issuers having significant foreign operations.     

High Yield/High Risk Bonds. The Fund may also purchase debt securities which are
rated below  investment-grade  (commonly referred to as "junk bonds"),  that is,
rated below Baa by Moody's or below BBB by S&P and unrated  securities judged to
be of equivalent quality as determined by the Advisor.  These securities usually
entail greater risk  (including the  possibility of default or bankruptcy of the
issuers of such securities),  generally involve greater  volatility of price and
risk to principal  and income,  and may be less liquid,  than  securities in the
higher rating  categories.  The lower the ratings of such debt  securities,  the
more their risks render them like equity  securities.  Securities rated D may be
in default with respect to payment of principal or interest.                    

9 

P-->497458th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 458th
Issuers of such high yielding  securities often are highly leveraged and may not
have available to them more  traditional  methods of financing.  Therefore,  the
risk  associated  with  acquiring the  securities  of such issuers  generally is
greater than is the case with higher rated  securities.  For example,  during an
economic  downturn  or a  sustained  period of  rising  interest  rates,  highly
leveraged  issuers of high yield  securities  may experience  financial  stress.
During such periods, such issuers may not have sufficient revenues to meet their
interest  payment  obligations.   The  issuer's  ability  to  service  its  debt
obligations may also be adversely affected by specific  corporate  developments,
or the issuer's inability to meet specific projected business forecasts,  or the
unavailability  of  additional  financing.  The risk of loss from default by the
issuer is significantly greater for the holders of high yield securities because
such  securities  are generally  unsecured and are often  subordinated  to other
creditors  of the  issuer.  Prices  and  yields of high  yield  securities  will
fluctuate over time and, during periods of economic  uncertainty,  volatility of
high  yield  securities  may  adversely  affect a fund's  net  asset  value.  In
addition,  investments  in high yield zero coupon or pay-in-kind  bonds,  rather
than  income-bearing  high yield securities,  may be more speculative and may be
subject to greater fluctuations in value due to changes in interest rates.      

The Fund may have  difficulty  disposing  of  certain  high  yield  (high  risk)
securities because they may have a thin trading market.  Because not all dealers
maintain  markets in all high yield  securities,  the Fund anticipates that such
securities  could be sold only to a limited  number of dealers or  institutional
investors.  The lack of a liquid  secondary market may have an adverse effect on
the market price and the Fund's ability to dispose of particular  issues and may
also make it more difficult for a fund to obtain accurate market  quotations for
purposes of valuing the Fund's assets. Market quotations generally are available
on many high yield  issues  only from a limited  number of  dealers  and may not
necessarily  represent  firm bids of such  dealers or prices  for actual  sales.
Adverse publicity and investor perceptions may decrease the values and liquidity
of high yield securities. These securities may also involve special registration
responsibilities,   liabilities   and  costs,   and   liquidity   and  valuation
difficulties.                                                                   

Credit  quality in the  high-yield  securities  market can change  suddenly  and
unexpectedly,  and even recently issued credit ratings may not fully reflect the
actual risks posed by a particular high-yield security. For these reasons, it is
generally the policy of the Advisor not to rely exclusively on ratings issued by
established credit rating agencies,  but to supplement such ratings with its own
independent and on-going review of credit quality. The achievement of the Fund's
investment  objective by investment in such  securities may be more dependent on
the Advisor's credit analysis than is the case for higher quality bonds.  Should
the rating of a portfolio  security be  downgraded,  the Advisor will  determine
whether  it is in the best  interests  of the Fund to retain or  dispose of such
security.                                                                       

Illiquid Securities and Restricted Securities.  The Fund may purchase securities
that are subject to legal or  contractual  restrictions  on resale  ("restricted
securities").  Generally  speaking,  restricted  securities  may be sold  (i) to
qualified  institutional buyers; (ii) in a privately negotiated transaction to a
limited number of purchasers;  (iii) in limited  quantities after they have been
held for a specified  period of time and other conditions are met pursuant to an
exemption  from  registration;  or  (iv)  in  a  public  offering  for  which  a
registration statement is in effect under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the "1933 Act").  Issuers of  restricted  securities  may not be subject to the
disclosure and other investor  protection  requirements that would be applicable
if their securities were publicly traded.                                       

Restricted  securities  are often  illiquid,  but they may also be  liquid.  For
example,  restricted securities that are eligible for resale under Rule 144A are
often deemed to be liquid.                                                      

The Fund's Board has approved  guidelines  for use by the Advisor in determining
whether a security  is liquid or  illiquid.  Among the  factors  the Advisor may
consider in reaching  liquidity  decisions relating to Rule 144A securities are:
(1) the  frequency  of trades  and quotes  for the  security;  (2) the number of
dealers  wishing  to  purchase  or sell the  security  and the  number  of other
potential purchasers;  (3) dealer undertakings to make a market in the security;
and (4) the nature of the security and the nature of the market for the security
(i.e.,  the time  needed to dispose of the  security,  the method of  soliciting
offers, and the mechanics of the transfer.  Issuers of restricted securities may
not be subject to the disclosure and other investor protection  requirement that
would  be  applicable  if  their  securities  were  publicly  traded.   Where  a
registration statement is required for the resale of restricted securities,  the
Fund may be required to bear all or part of the registration  expenses. The Fund
may be deemed to be an "underwriter"  for purposes of the 1933 Act, when selling
restricted  securities to the public and, in such event,  the Fund may be liable

10

P-->497459th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 459th
to purchasers of such securities if the registration  statement  prepared by the
issuer is materially inaccurate or misleading.                                  

The  Fund  may  also  purchase  securities  that  are not  subject  to  legal or
contractual   restrictions  on  resale,  but  that  are  deemed  illiquid.  Such
securities  may be illiquid,  for example,  because  there is a limited  trading
market for them.                                                                

The Fund may be unable to sell a restricted or illiquid  security.  In addition,
it may be more  difficult to determine a market value for restricted or illiquid
securities.  Moreover,  if adverse market  conditions were to develop during the
period between the Fund's decision to sell a restricted or illiquid security and
the point at which the Fund is permitted or able to sell such security, the Fund
might  obtain a price  less  favorable  than the price  that  prevailed  when it
decided to sell.                                                                

Impact of Large  Redemptions  and  Purchases of Fund Shares.  From time to time,
shareholders  of the Fund (which may include  affiliated  and/or  non-affiliated
registered  investment  companies  that invest in the Fund) may make  relatively
large redemptions or purchases of Fund shares.  These transactions may cause the
Fund to have to sell securities or invest  additional  cash, as the case may be.
While it is impossible to predict the overall impact of these  transactions over
time,  there could be adverse  effects on the Fund's  performance  to the extent
that the Fund may be required to sell securities or invest cash at times when it
would  not  otherwise  do so.  These  transactions  could  also  accelerate  the
realization of taxable  income if sales of securities  resulted in capital gains
and could also increase  transaction  costs, which may impact the Fund's expense
ratio.                                                                          

IPO Risk.  Securities  issued  through  an  initial  public  offering  (IPO) can
experience an immediate drop in value if the demand for the securities  does not
continue to support the  offering  price.  Information  about the issuers of IPO
securities is also difficult to acquire since they are new to the market and may
not have lengthy operating histories.  The Fund may engage in short-term trading
in connection with its IPO investments, which could produce higher trading costs
and  adverse  tax  consequences.  The number of  securities  issued in an IPO is
limited,  so it is likely that IPO securities will represent a smaller component
of the Fund's  portfolio  as the Fund's  assets  increase  (and thus have a more
limited effect on the Fund's performance).                                      

Interfund Borrowing and Lending Program.  The Fund has received exemptive relief
from the SEC,  which  permits the Fund to  participate  in an interfund  lending
program among certain investment companies advised by the Advisor. The interfund
lending  program  allows the  participating  funds to borrow money from and loan
money to each other for temporary or emergency purposes.  The program is subject
to a number of conditions designed to ensure fair and equitable treatment of all
participating  funds,  including  the  following:  (1) no fund may borrow  money
through the program  unless it receives a more  favorable  interest  rate than a
rate  approximating  the  lowest  interest  rate at which  bank  loans  would be
available to any of the participating  funds under a loan agreement;  and (2) no
fund may lend money  through  the program  unless it  receives a more  favorable
return than that available from an investment in repurchase  agreements  and, to
the extent applicable, money market cash sweep arrangements. In addition, a fund
may participate in the program only if and to the extent that such participation
is consistent with the fund's investment  objectives and policies (for instance,
money market  funds would  normally  participate  only as lenders and tax exempt
funds  only as  borrowers).  Interfund  loans and  borrowings  may  extend  only
overnight,  but could have a maximum duration of seven days. Loans may be called
on one day's notice.  A fund may have to borrow from a bank at a higher interest
rate if an interfund loan is called or not renewed.  Any delay in repayment to a
lending fund could result in a lost investment  opportunity or additional costs.
The program is subject to the oversight and periodic review of the Boards of the
participating  funds.  To the extent the Fund is actually  engaged in  borrowing
through  the  interfund  lending  program,  the  Fund  will  comply  with  their
respective nonfundamental policies on borrowing.                                

Investment  Company  Securities.  The  Fund  may  acquire  securities  of  other
investment  companies to the extent consistent with its investment objective and
subject to the  limitations of the 1940 Act. The Fund will  indirectly  bear its
proportionate share of any management fees and other expenses paid by such other
investment companies.                                                           

For example, the Fund may invest in a variety of investment companies which seek
to track the  composition  and  performance  of  specific  indexes or a specific
portion of an index.  These  index-based  investments hold  substantially all of
their assets in securities representing their specific index.  Accordingly,  the
main risk of investing in index-                                                

11

P-->497460th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 460th
based  investments is the same as investing in a portfolio of equity  securities
comprising  the  index.  The  market  prices  of  index-based  investments  will
fluctuate  in  accordance  with  both  changes  in the  market  value  of  their
underlying portfolio securities and due to supply and demand for the instruments
on the  exchanges on which they are traded (which may result in their trading at
a discount or premium to their NAVs).  Index-based investments may not replicate
exactly the performance of their  specified  index because of transaction  costs
and because of the temporary  unavailability of certain component  securities of
the index.                                                                      

Examples of index-based investments include:                                    

SPDRs(R):  SPDRs,  an acronym for "Standard & Poor's  Depositary  Receipts," are
based on the S&P 500  Composite  Stock Price Index.  They are issued by the SPDR
Trust,  a unit  investment  trust that  holds  shares of  substantially  all the
companies  in the S&P 500 in  substantially  the  same  weighting  and  seeks to
closely track the price performance and dividend yield of the Index.            

MidCap  SPDRs(R):  MidCap SPDRs are based on the S&P MidCap 400 Index.  They are
issued by the MidCap SPDR Trust, a unit investment  trust that holds a portfolio
of securities  consisting of  substantially  all of the common stocks in the S&P
MidCap 400 Index in substantially  the same weighting and seeks to closely track
the price performance and dividend yield of the Index.                          

Select Sector SPDRs(R):  Select Sector SPDRs are based on a particular sector or
group of  industries  that are  represented  by a specified  Select Sector Index
within the Standard & Poor's Composite Stock Price Index. They are issued by The
Select Sector SPDR Trust, an open-end  management  investment  company with nine
portfolios  that each seeks to closely track the price  performance and dividend
yield of a particular Select Sector Index.                                      

DIAMONDS(SM):  DIAMONDS are based on the Dow Jones Industrial Average(SM).  They
are issued by the DIAMONDS Trust, a unit investment trust that holds a portfolio
of all the component common stocks of the Dow Jones Industrial Average and seeks
to closely track the price performance and dividend yield of the Dow.           

Nasdaq-100 Shares: Nasdaq-100 Shares are based on the Nasdaq 100 Index. They are
issued by the Nasdaq-100  Trust, a unit investment  trust that holds a portfolio
consisting of substantially  all of the securities,  in  substantially  the same
weighting,  as the component stocks of the Nasdaq 100 Index and seeks to closely
track the price performance and dividend yield of the Index.                    

Investment of  Uninvested  Cash  Balances.  The Fund may have cash balances that
have not been invested in portfolio securities  ("Uninvested Cash").  Uninvested
Cash may result  from a variety of  sources,  including  dividends  or  interest
received from portfolio securities, unsettled securities transactions,  reserves
held for  investment  strategy  purposes,  scheduled  maturity  of  investments,
liquidation  of  investment  securities  to  meet  anticipated  redemptions  and
dividend payments, and new cash received from investors.  Uninvested Cash may be
invested  directly  in  money  market   instruments  or  other  short-term  debt
obligations.  Pursuant to an Exemptive Order issued by the SEC, the Fund may use
Uninvested  Cash to purchase  shares of affiliated  funds including money market
funds,  short-term bond funds and Cash Management QP Trust or one or more future
entities  for which the  Advisor  acts as trustee  or  investment  advisor  that
operate as cash  management  investment  vehicles and that are excluded from the
definition of investment  company  pursuant to section 3(c)(1) or 3(c)(7) of the
1940 Act  (collectively,  the "Central  Funds") in excess of the  limitations of
Section  12(d)(1)  of the 1940  Act.  Investment  by the Fund in  shares  of the
Central  Funds will be in  accordance  with the Fund's  investment  policies and
restrictions as set forth in its registration statement.                        

Certain of the Central Funds comply with rule 2a-7 under the 1940 Act. The other
Central Funds are or will be short-term  bond funds that invest in  fixed-income
securities  and maintain a dollar  weighted  average  maturity of three years or
less.  Each of the  Central  Funds will be managed  specifically  to  maintain a
highly liquid  portfolio,  and access to them will enhance the Fund's ability to
manage Uninvested Cash.                                                         

The Fund will invest  Uninvested  Cash in Central  Funds only to the extent that
the Fund's aggregate  investment in the Central Funds does not exceed 25% of its
total  assets.  Purchase  and sales of shares of  Central  Funds are made at net
asset value.                                                                    

12

P-->497461st Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 461st
Lending of Portfolio Securities.  The Fund may lend its investment securities to
approved institutional borrowers,  including those who need to borrow securities
in order  to  complete  certain  transactions,  such as  covering  short  sales,
avoiding failures to deliver securities or completing arbitrage  operations.  By
lending  its  investment  securities,  the Fund  attempts  to  increase  its net
investment  income through the receipt of interest on the loan. Any gain or loss
in the market price of the securities loaned that might occur during the term of
the loan would belong to the Fund. The Fund may lend its  investment  securities
so long as the terms,  structure and the aggregate  amount of such loans are not
inconsistent  with the 1940 Act or the rules and regulations or  interpretations
of the SEC thereunder,  which currently require that (a) the borrower pledge and
maintain  with the Fund  collateral  consisting of liquid,  unencumbered  assets
having a value at all times  not less  than 100% of the value of the  securities
loaned,  (b) the  borrower  add to such  collateral  whenever  the  price of the
securities  loaned  rises (i.e.,  the borrower  "marks to the market" on a daily
basis), (c) the loan be made subject to termination by the Fund at any time, and
(d) the Fund  receives  reasonable  interest  on the loan (which may include the
Fund investing any cash collateral in interest bearing short-term  investments),
and  distributions  on the loaned  securities  and any  increase in their market
value. There may be risks of delay in recovery of the securities or even loss of
rights in the collateral should the borrower of the securities fail financially.
However,  loans will be made only to borrowers  selected by the Fund's  delegate
after a  commercially  reasonable  review of relevant  facts and  circumstances,
including the creditworthiness of the borrower.                                 

At the  present  time,  the staff of the SEC does not  object  if an  investment
company pays reasonable negotiated fees in connection with loaned securities, so
long as such  fees are set  forth in a  written  contract  and  approved  by the
investment  company's  Board of Directors.  In addition,  voting rights may pass
with  the  loaned  securities,  but if a  material  event  occurs  affecting  an
investment on loan, the loan must be called and the securities  voted.  Pursuant
to an exemptive order granted by the SEC, cash  collateral  received by the Fund
may be  invested in a money  market  fund  managed by the Advisor (or one of its
affiliates).                                                                    

Micro-Cap Company Risk. While, historically, micro-capitalization company stocks
have  outperformed  the stocks of large  companies,  the former have customarily
involved more investment risk as well.  There can be no assurance that this will
continue  to be true in the  future.  Micro-capitalization  companies  may  have
limited product lines, markets or financial resources; may lack management depth
or experience;  and may be more vulnerable to adverse general market or economic
developments than large companies.  The prices of  micro-capitalization  company
securities  are often more  volatile than prices  associated  with large company
issues,  and can display  abrupt or erratic  movements at times,  due to limited
trading volumes and less publicly available information.                        

Also,  because   micro-capitalization   companies  normally  have  fewer  shares
outstanding and these shares trade less frequently than large companies,  it may
be more  difficult  for the Fund to buy and  sell  significant  amounts  of such
shares without an unfavorable impact on prevailing market prices.               

Some of the  companies  in which the Fund may  invest  may  distribute,  sell or
produce products which have recently been brought to market and may be dependent
on key  personnel.  The securities of  micro-capitalization  companies are often
traded  over-the-counter  and may not be  traded  in the  volumes  typical  on a
national  securities  exchange.  Consequently,  in  order to sell  this  type of
holding,  the Fund may need to discount  the  securities  from recent  prices or
dispose of the securities over a long period of time.                           

Participation  Interests.  The Fund may  purchase  from  financial  institutions
participation   interests  in  securities  in  which  the  Fund  may  invest.  A
participation  interest gives the Fund an undivided  interest in the security in
the  proportion  that the Fund's  participation  interest bears to the principal
amount of the security.  These instruments may have fixed,  floating or variable
interest  rates,  with  remaining  maturities  of  397  days  or  less.  If  the
participation  interest is unrated,  or has been given a rating below that which
is  permissible  for purchase by the Fund,  the  participation  interest will be
backed by an irrevocable letter of credit or guarantee of a bank, or the payment
obligation otherwise will be collateralized by US Government securities,  or, in
the case of unrated participation  interest,  determined by the Advisor to be of
comparable  quality  to those  instruments  in which  the Fund may  invest.  For
certain participation interests, the Fund will have the right to demand payment,
on not  more  than  seven  days'  notice,  for  all or any  part  of the  Fund's
participation  interests in the  security,  plus accrued  interest.  As to these
instruments,  the Fund generally intends to exercise its right to demand payment
only upon a default under the terms of the security.                            

13

P-->497462nd Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 462nd
Privatized Enterprises. Investments in foreign securities may include securities
issued  by  enterprises   that  have  undergone  or  are  currently   undergoing
privatization.  The  governments of certain  foreign  countries have, to varying
degrees,  embarked on privatization  programs  contemplating  the sale of all or
part of their  interests in state  enterprises.  The Fund's  investments  in the
securities  of  privatized   enterprises   may  include   privately   negotiated
investments in a government or  state-owned or controlled  company or enterprise
that has not yet  conducted  an  initial  equity  offering,  investments  in the
initial  offering of equity  securities  of a state  enterprise  or former state
enterprise and investments in the securities of a state enterprise following its
initial equity offering.                                                        

In certain jurisdictions,  the ability of foreign entities, such as the Fund, to
participate in privatizations may be limited by local law, or the price or terms
on which the Fund may be able to participate may be less  advantageous  than for
local investors.  Moreover, there can be no assurance that governments that have
embarked on  privatization  programs will continue to divest their  ownership of
state  enterprises,  that  proposed  privatizations  will be  successful or that
governments will not re-nationalize enterprises that have been privatized.      

In the case of the enterprises in which the Fund may invest, large blocks of the
stock of those  enterprises may be held by a small group of  stockholders,  even
after  the  initial  equity  offerings  by those  enterprises.  The sale of some
portion or all of those blocks could have an adverse  effect on the price of the
stock of any such enterprise.                                                   

Prior to making an initial  equity  offering,  most state  enterprises or former
state  enterprises go through an internal  reorganization  or  management.  Such
reorganizations  are made in an attempt to better  enable these  enterprises  to
compete in the private sector. However,  certain reorganizations could result in
a  management  team  that does not  function  as well as an  enterprise's  prior
management and may have a negative effect on such enterprise.  In addition,  the
privatization  of an  enterprise  by its  government  may occur over a number of
years,  with the  government  continuing to hold a  controlling  position in the
enterprise even after the initial equity offering for the enterprise.           

Prior to  privatization,  most of the  state  enterprises  in which the Fund may
invest  enjoy the  protection  of and receive  preferential  treatment  from the
respective  sovereigns that own or control them.  After making an initial equity
offering,  these  enterprises may no longer have such protection or receive such
preferential  treatment and may become subject to market  competition from which
they were  previously  protected.  Some of these  enterprises may not be able to
operate  effectively in a competitive market and may suffer losses or experience
bankruptcy due to such competition.                                             

Real  Estate  Investment  Trusts  ("REITs").   REITs  are  sometimes  informally
categorized  into equity REITs,  mortgage REITs and hybrid REITs.  Investment in
REITs may subject the Fund to risks associated with the direct ownership of real
estate,  such  as  decreases  in real  estate  values,  overbuilding,  increased
competition  and other risks  related to local or general  economic  conditions,
increases  in  operating  costs and  property  taxes,  changes  in zoning  laws,
casualty or condemnation losses, possible environmental liabilities,  regulatory
limitations on rent and  fluctuations  in rental income.  Equity REITs generally
experience  these risks  directly  through fee or leasehold  interests,  whereas
mortgage REITs generally  experience  these risks  indirectly  through  mortgage
interests,  unless the mortgage REIT  forecloses on the underlying  real estate.
Changes in interest rates may also affect the value of the Fund's  investment in
REITs.  For  instance,  during  periods of  declining  interest  rates,  certain
mortgage REITs may hold mortgages  that the  mortgagors  elect to prepay,  which
prepayment may diminish the yield on securities issued by those REITs.          

Certain REITs have relatively  small market  capitalizations,  which may tend to
increase the  volatility of the market price of their  securities.  Furthermore,
REITs  are  dependent  upon   specialized   management   skills,   have  limited
diversification and are,  therefore,  subject to risks inherent in operating and
financing a limited  number of  projects.  REITs are also  subject to heavy cash
flow dependency, defaults by borrowers and the possibility of failing to qualify
for tax-free  pass-through  of income  under the Code and to maintain  exemption
from the  registration  requirements  of the 1940  Act.  By  investing  in REITs
indirectly  through  the  Fund,  a  shareholder  will  bear  not only his or her
proportionate share of the expenses of the Fund, but also, indirectly,  expenses
of the REITs. In addition,  REITs depend  generally on their ability to generate
cash flow to make distributions to shareholders.                                

14

P-->497463rd Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 463rd
Repurchase  Agreements.  The Fund may enter in repurchase agreements pursuant to
its  investment  guidelines.  In  a  repurchase  agreement,  the  Fund  acquires
ownership of a security and  simultaneously  commits to resell that  security to
the seller, typically a bank or broker/dealer.                                  

A repurchase agreement provides a means for the Fund to earn income on funds for
periods as short as overnight.  It is an  arrangement  under which the purchaser
(i.e., the Fund) acquires a security  ("Obligation")  and the seller agrees,  at
the time of sale, to repurchase  the  Obligation at a specified  time and price.
Securities  subject to a repurchase  agreement are held in a segregated  account
and, as described in more detail below, and the value of such securities kept at
least equal to the repurchase  price on a daily basis.  The repurchase price may
be higher than the purchase price,  the difference  being income to the Fund, or
the purchase and  repurchase  prices may be the same,  with interest at a stated
rate due to the Fund  together with the  repurchase  price upon  repurchase.  In
either case,  the income to the Fund is  unrelated  to the interest  rate on the
Obligation  itself.  Obligations will be held by the Custodian or in the Federal
Reserve Book Entry system.                                                      

It is not clear whether a court would consider the  Obligation  purchased by the
Fund  subject to a  repurchase  agreement as being owned by the Fund or as being
collateral  for a  loan  by  the  Fund  to  the  seller.  In  the  event  of the
commencement of bankruptcy or insolvency  proceedings with respect to the seller
of the  Obligation  before  repurchase  of the  Obligation  under  a  repurchase
agreement,  the Fund may  encounter  delay and incur costs  before being able to
sell the  security.  Delays may involve  loss of interest or decline in price of
the  Obligation.  If the court  characterizes  the transaction as a loan and the
Fund has not perfected a security  interest in the  Obligation,  the Fund may be
required to return the  Obligation  to the seller's  estate and be treated as an
unsecured creditor of the seller. As an unsecured creditor, the Fund would be at
risk  of  losing  some  or all of  the  principal  and  income  involved  in the
transaction.  As with any unsecured debt instrument  purchased for the Fund, the
Advisor  seeks to minimize the risk of loss  through  repurchase  agreements  by
analyzing the  creditworthiness  of the obligor,  in this case the seller of the
Obligation.  Apart from the risk of bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings,  there
is also the risk that the seller may fail to repurchase the Obligation, in which
case  the  Fund may  incur a loss if the  proceeds  to the Fund of the sale to a
third party are less than the  repurchase  price.  However,  if the market value
(including  interest)  of the  Obligation  subject to the  repurchase  agreement
becomes  less than the  repurchase  price  (including  interest),  the Fund will
direct the seller of the Obligation to deliver additional securities so that the
market value  (including  interest) of all securities  subject to the repurchase
agreement will equal or exceed the repurchase price.                            

Repurchase Commitments.  The Fund may enter into repurchase commitments with any
party  deemed   creditworthy  by  the  Advisor,   including  foreign  banks  and
broker/dealers,  if the transaction is entered into for investment  purposes and
the  counterparty's  creditworthiness  is at least  equal to that of  issuers of
securities  which the Fund may purchase.  Such  transactions may not provide the
Fund with collateral marked-to-market during the term of the commitment.        

Reverse  Repurchase  Agreements.  The Fund may enter  into  "reverse  repurchase
agreements," which are repurchase agreements in which the Fund, as the seller of
the securities,  agrees to repurchase them at an agreed time and price. The Fund
maintains a segregated account in connection with outstanding reverse repurchase
agreements. The Fund will enter into reverse repurchase agreements only when the
Advisor  believes that the interest  income to be earned from the  investment of
the proceeds of the transaction will be greater than the interest expense of the
transaction.  Such transactions may increase fluctuations in the market value of
Fund assets and its yield.                                                      

Small Company  Risk.  The Advisor  believes  that many small  companies may have
sales and earnings growth rates which exceed those of larger companies, and that
such  growth  rates  may  in  turn  be  reflected  in  more  rapid  share  price
appreciation  over time.  However,  investing in smaller company stocks involves
greater risk than is  customarily  associated  with  investing  in larger,  more
established companies.  For example,  smaller companies can have limited product
lines,  markets,  or financial and managerial  resources.  Smaller companies may
also be dependent on one or a few key persons,  and may be more  susceptible  to
losses and risks of bankruptcy. Also, the securities of smaller companies may be
thinly traded (and  therefore  have to be sold at a discount from current market
prices or sold in small lots over an extended period of time). Transaction costs
in smaller company stocks may be higher than those of larger companies.         

Sovereign Debt.  Investment in sovereign debt can involve a high degree of risk.
The governmental entity that controls the repayment of sovereign debt may not be
able or willing to repay the  principal  and/or  interest when due              

15

P-->497464th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 464th
in accordance with the terms of such debt. A governmental  entity's  willingness
or  ability  to repay  principal  and  interest  due in a timely  manner  may be
affected by, among other  factors,  its cash flow  situation,  the extent of its
foreign reserves,  the availability of sufficient foreign exchange on the date a
payment is due, the relative size of the debt service burden to the economy as a
whole, the governmental entity's policy toward the International  Monetary Fund,
and the political  constraints  to which a  governmental  entity may be subject.
Governmental  entities  may also be  dependent  on expected  disbursements  from
foreign governments, multilateral agencies and others abroad to reduce principal
and  interest  arrearages  on their debt.  The  commitment  on the part of these
governments,  agencies and others to make such  disbursements may be conditioned
on a governmental  entity's  implementation  of economic reforms and/or economic
performance  and the timely  service of such  debtor's  obligations.  Failure to
implement  such reforms,  achieve such levels of economic  performance  or repay
principal  or  interest  when due may result in the  cancellation  of such third
parties commitments to lend funds to the governmental  entity, which may further
impair such  debtor's  ability or  willingness  to service its debts in a timely
manner. Consequently, governmental entities may default on their sovereign debt.
Holders of sovereign debt may be requested to participate in the rescheduling of
such debt and to extend  further  loans to  governmental  entities.  There is no
bankruptcy  proceeding by which  sovereign debt on which  governmental  entities
have defaulted may be collected in whole or in part.                            

Strategic  Transactions and  Derivatives.  The Fund may, but is not required to,
utilize various other investment  strategies as described below for a variety of
purposes,  such as hedging various market risks, managing the effective maturity
or duration of the fixed-income  securities in the Fund's portfolio or enhancing
potential gain.  These  strategies may be executed through the use of derivative
contracts.                                                                      

In the course of pursuing these investment strategies, the Fund may purchase and
sell  exchange-listed and  over-the-counter  put and call options on securities,
equity and fixed-income indices and other instruments, purchase and sell futures
contracts and options thereon,  enter into various  transactions  such as swaps,
caps, floors, collars,  currency forward contracts,  currency futures contracts,
currency swaps or options on currencies,  or currency  futures and various other
currency  transactions  (collectively,  all  the  above  are  called  "Strategic
Transactions").  In addition, strategic transactions may also include additional
techniques,  instruments or strategies that are permitted as regulatory  changes
occur.  Strategic  Transactions  may be used without  limit  (subject to certain
limits imposed by the 1940 Act) to attempt to protect against  possible  changes
in the market  value of  securities  held in or to be  purchased  for the Fund's
portfolio   resulting  from  securities   markets  or  currency   exchange  rate
fluctuations,  to  protect  the  Fund's  unrealized  gains  in the  value of its
portfolio  securities,  to facilitate the sale of such securities for investment
purposes,  to manage the effective maturity or duration of the Fund's portfolio,
to  establish  a  position  in  the  derivatives  markets  as a  substitute  for
purchasing or selling  particular  securities or for any other purpose permitted
by  applicable  law.  Some  Strategic  Transactions  may also be used to enhance
potential  gain  although no more than 5% of the Fund's assets will be committed
to certain Strategic  Transactions entered into for non-hedging purposes. Any or
all  of  these  investment  techniques  may  be  used  at  any  time  and in any
combination,  and there is no  particular  strategy that dictates the use of one
technique rather than another, as use of any Strategic Transaction is a function
of numerous variables  including market  conditions.  The ability of the Fund to
utilize these Strategic  Transactions  successfully will depend on the Advisor's
ability to predict pertinent market movements, which cannot be assured. The Fund
will comply with applicable  regulatory  requirements  when  implementing  these
strategies, techniques and instruments.  Strategic Transactions will not be used
to alter fundamental  investment  purposes and  characteristics of the Fund, and
the Fund will segregate assets (or as provided by applicable regulations,  enter
into certain  offsetting  positions)  to cover its  obligations  under  options,
futures and swaps to limit leveraging of the Fund.                              

Strategic  Transactions,  including derivative contracts,  have risks associated
with them  including  possible  default by the other  party to the  transaction,
illiquidity and, to the extent the Advisor's view as to certain market movements
is incorrect,  the risk that the use of such Strategic Transactions could result
in losses  greater  than if they had not been used.  Use of put and call options
may  result  in  losses  to a fund,  force  the sale or  purchase  of  portfolio
securities  at  inopportune  times or for prices higher than (in the case of put
options)  or lower than (in the case of call  options)  current  market  values,
limit the amount of  appreciation  the Fund can  realize on its  investments  or
cause the Fund to hold a security it might  otherwise  sell. The use of currency
transactions  can result in a fund  incurring  losses as a result of a number of
factors   including  the   imposition  of  exchange   controls,   suspension  of
settlements,  or the inability to deliver or receive a specified  currency.  The
use of  options  and  futures  transactions  entails  certain  other  risks.  In
particular,  the  variable  degree of  correlation  between  price  movements of
futures  contracts and price  movements in the related  portfolio  position of a
fund  creates  the  possibility  that losses on the  hedging  instrument        

16

P-->497465th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 465th
may be  greater  than gains in the value of the Fund's  position.  In  addition,
futures and options markets may not be liquid in all  circumstances  and certain
over-the-counter  options may have no markets.  As a result, in certain markets,
the  Fund  might  not be able  to  close  out a  transaction  without  incurring
substantial  losses,  if at  all.  Although  the  use  of  futures  and  options
transactions  for  hedging  should  tend to  minimize  the risk of loss due to a
decline in the value of the hedged position, at the same time they tend to limit
any  potential  gain  which  might  result  from an  increase  in  value of such
position. Finally, the daily variation margin requirements for futures contracts
would create a greater ongoing potential  financial risk than would purchases of
options, where the exposure is limited to the cost of the initial premium. Other
Strategic Transactions, such as forward contracts and swaps, are also subject to
similar risks.  Losses  resulting from the use of Strategic  Transactions  would
reduce net asset value, and possibly income, and such losses can be greater than
if the Strategic Transactions had not been utilized.                            

General  Characteristics of Options. Put options and call options typically have
similar structural  characteristics and operational  mechanics regardless of the
underlying  instrument on which they are purchased or sold.  Thus, the following
general  discussion relates to each of the particular types of options discussed
in greater  detail below.  In addition,  many Strategic  Transactions  involving
options  require  segregation of Fund assets in special  accounts,  as described
below under "Use of Segregated and Other Special Accounts."                     

A put option gives the purchaser of the option,  upon payment of a premium,  the
right to sell, and the writer the  obligation to buy, the  underlying  security,
commodity,  index,  currency or other  instrument  at the  exercise  price.  For
instance, the Fund's purchase of a put option on a security might be designed to
protect its holdings in the underlying  instrument (or, in some cases, a similar
instrument) against a substantial decline in the market value by giving the Fund
the right to sell such  instrument at the option  exercise price. A call option,
upon payment of a premium,  gives the  purchaser of the option the right to buy,
and the seller the obligation to sell, the underlying instrument at the exercise
price.  The Fund's  purchase of a call option on a security,  financial  future,
index,  currency  or other  instrument  might be  intended  to protect  the Fund
against an increase in the price of the underlying instrument that it intends to
purchase  in the  future  by  fixing  the  price at which it may  purchase  such
instrument.  An American  style put or call option may be  exercised at any time
during  the  option  period  while a  European  style put or call  option may be
exercised only upon expiration or during a fixed period prior thereto.  The Fund
is authorized to purchase and sell exchange listed options and  over-the-counter
options  ("OTC  options").  Exchange  listed  options  are issued by a regulated
intermediary such as the Options Clearing Corporation ("OCC"),  which guarantees
the  performance  of the  obligations  of  the  parties  to  such  options.  The
discussion  below uses the OCC as an example,  but is also  applicable  to other
financial intermediaries.                                                       

With certain exceptions, OCC issued and exchange listed options generally settle
by physical  delivery of the  underlying  security or currency,  although in the
future cash  settlement  may become  available.  Index  options  and  Eurodollar
instruments are cash settled for the net amount,  if any, by which the option is
"in-the-money"  (i.e., where the value of the underlying  instrument exceeds, in
the case of a call  option,  or is less than,  in the case of a put option,  the
exercise  price of the option) at the time the option is exercised.  Frequently,
rather than taking or making delivery of the underlying  instrument  through the
process of  exercising  the option,  listed  options are closed by entering into
offsetting  purchase or sale transactions that do not result in ownership of the
new option.                                                                     

The Fund's  ability to close out its position as a purchaser or seller of an OCC
or exchange listed put or call option is dependent,  in part, upon the liquidity
of the option  market.  Among the  possible  reasons for the absence of a liquid
option market on an exchange are: (i)  insufficient  trading interest in certain
options; (ii) restrictions on transactions imposed by an exchange; (iii) trading
halts,  suspensions  or other  restrictions  imposed with respect to  particular
classes or series of options or underlying  securities  including reaching daily
price  limits;  (iv)  interruption  of the  normal  operations  of the OCC or an
exchange;  (v)  inadequacy  of the  facilities  of an  exchange or OCC to handle
current  trading  volume;  or  (vi)  a  decision  by one or  more  exchanges  to
discontinue the trading of options (or a particular class or series of options),
in which event the relevant  market for that option on that exchange would cease
to exist, although outstanding options on that exchange would generally continue
to be exercisable in accordance with their terms.                               

The hours of trading for listed  options may not coincide  with the hours during
which the underlying  financial  instruments are traded.  To the extent that the
option   markets  close  before  the  markets  for  the   underlying   financial

17

P-->497466th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 466th
instruments,  significant  price  and  rate  movements  can  take  place  in the
underlying markets that cannot be reflected in the option markets.              

OTC  options  are  purchased  from  or  sold to  securities  dealers,  financial
institutions  or  other  parties  ("Counterparties")  through  direct  bilateral
agreement with the Counterparty.  In contrast to exchange listed options,  which
generally have standardized terms and performance mechanics, all the terms of an
OTC option, including such terms as method of settlement,  term, exercise price,
premium,  guarantees and security,  are set by  negotiation of the parties.  The
Fund will only sell OTC  options  (other  than OTC  currency  options)  that are
subject to a buy-back provision  permitting the Fund to require the Counterparty
to sell the option back to the Fund at a formula  price within  seven days.  The
Fund  expects  generally  to enter into OTC  options  that have cash  settlement
provisions, although it is not required to do so.                               

Unless the  parties  provide  for it,  there is no central  clearing or guaranty
function in an OTC option.  As a result,  if the  Counterparty  fails to make or
take delivery of the security,  currency or other  instrument  underlying an OTC
option  it has  entered  into  with the Fund or fails to make a cash  settlement
payment due in accordance with the terms of that option,  the fund will lose any
premium  it paid  for the  option  as well  as any  anticipated  benefit  of the
transaction.  Accordingly,  the Advisor must assess the creditworthiness of each
such Counterparty or any guarantor or credit  enhancement of the  Counterparty's
credit to  determine  the  likelihood  that the terms of the OTC option  will be
satisfied.  The  Fund  will  engage  in OTC  option  transactions  only  with US
government securities dealers recognized by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York
as "primary  dealers"  or  broker/dealers,  domestic  or foreign  banks or other
financial  institutions which have received (or the guarantors of the obligation
of which have  received) a short-term  credit rating of A-1 from S&P or P-1 from
Moody's or an  equivalent  rating  from any  nationally  recognized  statistical
rating organization ("NRSRO") or, in the case of OTC currency transactions,  are
determined to be of equivalent  credit quality by the Advisor.  The staff of the
SEC  currently  takes the position that OTC options  purchased by the Fund,  and
portfolio securities  "covering" the amount of the Fund's obligation pursuant to
an OTC  option  sold by it (the  cost of the  sell-back  plus  the  in-the-money
amount,  if any) are  illiquid,  and are  subject  to the Fund's  limitation  on
investing no more than 15% of its net assets in illiquid securities.            

If the Fund sells a call  option,  the premium  that it receives  may serve as a
partial hedge,  to the extent of the option  premium,  against a decrease in the
value of the  underlying  securities  or  instruments  in its  portfolio or will
increase the Fund's income. The sale of put options can also provide income.    

The Fund may purchase and sell call options on, among other  things,  securities
including US Treasury and agency securities, mortgage-backed securities, foreign
sovereign  debt,  corporate  debt  securities,   equity  securities   (including
convertible  securities)  and Eurodollar  instruments  that are traded on US and
foreign  securities  exchanges  and  in  the  over-the-counter  markets,  and on
securities indices, currencies and futures contracts. All calls sold by the fund
must be "covered"  (i.e.,  the Fund must own the securities or futures  contract
subject to the call) or must meet the asset segregation  requirements  described
below as long as the call is outstanding.  Even though the Fund will receive the
option  premium to help protect it against loss, a call sold by the Fund exposes
the fund  during  the term of the  option to  possible  loss of  opportunity  to
realize  appreciation  in  the  market  price  of  the  underlying  security  or
instrument  and may require the Fund to hold a security or  instrument  which it
might otherwise have sold.                                                      

The Fund may purchase and sell put options on,  among other  things,  securities
including US Treasury and agency securities, mortgage-backed securities, foreign
sovereign  debt,  corporate  debt  securities,   equity  securities   (including
convertible  securities) and Eurodollar instruments (whether or not it holds the
above securities in its portfolio),  and on securities  indices,  currencies and
futures contracts other than futures on individual corporate debt and individual
equity securities. The Fund will not sell put options if, as a result, more than
50% of the Fund's total assets would be required to be  segregated  to cover its
potential  obligations  under such put options  other than those with respect to
futures and options  thereon.  In selling put options,  there is a risk that the
Fund may be required to buy the underlying  security at a disadvantageous  price
above the market price.                                                         

General Characteristics of Futures. The Fund may enter into futures contracts or
purchase  or sell  put and  call  options  on such  futures  as a hedge  against
anticipated  interest rate, currency or equity market changes,  and for duration
management,  risk  management  and  return  enhancement  purposes.  Futures  are
generally  bought and sold on the  commodities  exchanges  where they are listed
with payment of initial and variation  margin as described  below.              

18

P-->497467th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 467th
The sale of a futures  contract  creates a firm  obligation  by the  seller,  to
deliver to the buyer the specific type of financial instrument called for in the
contract at a specific  future time for a specified  price (or,  with respect to
certain instruments,  such as index futures and Eurodollar instruments,  the net
cash amount) and a firm obligation by the buyer to deliver the specified  price.
Options on futures contracts are similar to options on securities except that an
option on a futures  contract  gives the  purchaser  the right in return for the
premium paid to assume a position in a futures contract and obligates the seller
to deliver such position.                                                       

The Fund has claimed  exclusion from the definition of the term  "commodity pool
operator" under the Commodity Exchange Act.  Therefore,  the Fund is not subject
to commodity  pool  operator  registration  and  regulation  under the Commodity
Exchange  Act.  Futures and options on futures may be entered into for bona fide
hedging,  risk management (including duration management) or other portfolio and
return  enhancement  management  purposes.  Typically,   maintaining  a  futures
contract  or  selling an option  thereon  requires  the Fund to  deposit  with a
financial  intermediary  as security  for its  obligations  an amount of cash or
other specified  assets (initial  margin) which initially is typically 1% to 10%
of the face amount of the  contract  (but may be higher in some  circumstances).
Additional  cash or assets  (variation  margin) may be required to be  deposited
thereafter  on a daily  basis as the  marked  to  market  value of the  contract
fluctuates. The purchase of an option on financial futures involves payment of a
premium for the option  without any further  obligation on the part of the Fund.
If the Fund  exercises  an option on a futures  contract it will be obligated to
post  initial  margin  (and  potential  subsequent  variation  margin)  for  the
resulting futures position just as it would for any position.  Futures contracts
and  options  thereon  are  generally  settled by  entering  into an  offsetting
transaction  but there can be no assurance that the position can be offset prior
to settlement at an advantageous price, nor that delivery will occur.           

Options on Securities  Indices and Other  Financial  Indices.  The Fund also may
purchase and sell call and put options on securities indices and other financial
indices and in so doing can achieve many of the same objectives it would achieve
through  the sale or  purchase  of options  on  individual  securities  or other
instruments.  Options on  securities  indices  and other  financial  indices are
similar to options on a security or other  instrument  except that,  rather than
settling by physical delivery of the underlying instrument,  they settle by cash
settlement,  i.e.,  an option on an index gives the holder the right to receive,
upon exercise of the option, an amount of cash if the closing level of the index
upon which the option is based exceeds,  in the case of a call, or is less than,
in the case of a put, the exercise  price of the option  (except if, in the case
of an OTC option, physical delivery is specified).  This amount of cash is equal
to the excess of the closing  price of the index over the exercise  price of the
option,  which  also may be  multiplied  by a formula  value.  The seller of the
option is  obligated,  in return for the premium  received,  to make delivery of
this  amount.  The  gain or loss on an  option  on an  index  depends  on  price
movements in the instruments making up the market,  market segment,  industry or
other  composite  on which the  underlying  index is based,  rather  than  price
movements in  individual  securities,  as is the case with respect to options on
securities.                                                                     

Currency  Transactions.  The Fund  may  engage  in  currency  transactions  with
Counterparties  primarily in order to hedge,  or manage the risk of the value of
portfolio holdings denominated in particular  currencies against fluctuations in
relative  value.  Currency  transactions  include  forward  currency  contracts,
exchange listed currency futures, exchange listed and OTC options on currencies,
and currency swaps. A forward currency contract involves a privately  negotiated
obligation  to purchase or sell (with  delivery  generally  required) a specific
currency at a future  date,  which may be any fixed number of days from the date
of the contract  agreed upon by the  parties,  at a price set at the time of the
contract.  A currency  swap is an agreement to exchange  cash flows based on the
notional  difference  among two or more currencies and operates  similarly to an
interest rate swap,  which is described  below. The Fund may enter into currency
transactions with  Counterparties  which have received (or the guarantors of the
obligations  which  have  received)  a  credit  rating  of  A-1 or P-1 by S&P or
Moody's, respectively, or that have an equivalent rating from a NRSRO or (except
for OTC currency  options) are determined to be of equivalent  credit quality by
the Advisor.                                                                    

The  Fund's   dealings  in  forward   currency   contracts  and  other  currency
transactions  such as futures,  options,  options on futures and swaps generally
will be limited to hedging  involving either specific  transactions or portfolio
positions  except as described  below.  Transaction  hedging is entering  into a
currency transaction with respect to specific assets or liabilities of the fund,
which  will  generally  arise in  connection  with the  purchase  or sale of its
portfolio  securities or the receipt of income  therefrom.  Position  hedging is
entering  into  a  currency  transaction  with  respect  to  portfolio  security
positions denominated or generally quoted in that currency.                     

19

P-->497468th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 468th
The Fund generally will not enter into a transaction to hedge currency  exposure
to an  extent  greater,  after  netting  all  transactions  intended  wholly  or
partially to offset other transactions,  than the aggregate market value (at the
time of entering into the  transaction)  of the securities held in its portfolio
that are denominated or generally  quoted in or currently  convertible into such
currency, other than with respect to proxy hedging or cross hedging as described
below, as applicable.                                                           

The Fund may also  cross-hedge  currencies  by  entering  into  transactions  to
purchase or sell one or more  currencies  that are  expected to decline in value
relative to other  currencies to which the fund has or in which the Fund expects
to have portfolio exposure.                                                     

To reduce  the  effect of  currency  fluctuations  on the value of  existing  or
anticipated holdings of portfolio securities,  the Fund may also engage in proxy
hedging.  Proxy  hedging  is often  used when the  currency  to which the Fund's
portfolio is exposed is difficult to hedge or to hedge against the dollar. Proxy
hedging  entails  entering into a commitment or option to sell a currency  whose
changes in value are  generally  considered  to be  correlated  to a currency or
currencies in which some or all of the Fund's  portfolio  securities  are or are
expected  to be  denominated,  in  exchange  for US  dollars.  Currency  hedging
involves some of the same risks and  considerations  as other  transactions with
similar instruments.  Currency  transactions can result in losses to the Fund if
the currency being hedged fluctuates in value to a degree or in a direction that
is not anticipated.  Further,  there is the risk that the perceived  correlation
between  various  currencies may not be present or may not be present during the
particular  time that the Fund is engaging in proxy hedging.  If the Fund enters
into a  currency  hedging  transaction,  the Fund  will  comply  with the  asset
segregation requirements described below, as applicable.                        

Risks of  Currency  Transactions.  Currency  transactions  are  subject to risks
different from those of other portfolio  transactions.  Because currency control
is of great  importance  to the  issuing  governments  and  influences  economic
planning and policy, purchases and sales of currency and related instruments can
be  negatively  affected  by  government  exchange  controls,   blockages,   and
manipulations or exchange restrictions imposed by governments.  These can result
in losses to the Fund if it is unable to deliver or receive currency or funds in
settlement of obligations  and could also cause hedges it has entered into to be
rendered  useless,  resulting  in full  currency  exposure as well as  incurring
transaction  costs.  Buyers and sellers of  currency  futures are subject to the
same risks that apply to the use of futures generally.  Further, settlement of a
currency  futures  contract for the purchase of most  currencies must occur at a
bank  based in the  issuing  nation.  Trading  options  on  currency  futures is
relatively  new,  and the ability to establish  and close out  positions on such
options is subject to the maintenance of a liquid market which may not always be
available.  Currency  exchange rates may fluctuate based on factors extrinsic to
that country's economy.                                                         

Risks of Strategic  Transactions  Outside the US. When conducted outside the US,
Strategic  Transactions may not be regulated as rigorously as in the US, may not
involve a clearing mechanism and related guarantees, and are subject to the risk
of  governmental  actions  affecting  trading  in,  or the  prices  of,  foreign
securities,  currencies and other instruments.  The value of such positions also
could be adversely affected by: (i) other complex foreign  political,  legal and
economic  factors,  (ii) lesser  availability than in the US of data on which to
make trading decisions,  (iii) delays in the Fund's ability to act upon economic
events  occurring in foreign markets during  non-business  hours in the US, (iv)
the  imposition of different  exercise and  settlement  terms and procedures and
margin requirements than in the US, and (v) lower trading volume and liquidity. 

Swaps, Caps, Floors and Collars. Among the Strategic Transactions into which the
Fund may enter  are  interest  rate,  currency,  index  and other  swaps and the
purchase or sale of related caps, floors and collars.  The Fund expects to enter
into these transactions primarily to preserve a return or spread on a particular
investment  or  portion  of  its   portfolio,   to  protect   against   currency
fluctuations,  as a  duration  management  technique,  to  protect  against  any
increase in the price of securities the fund  anticipates  purchasing at a later
date or to enhance returns.  The Fund will not sell interest rate caps or floors
where it does not own  securities  or other  instruments  providing  the  income
stream  the fund may be  obligated  to pay.  Interest  rate  swaps  involve  the
exchange by the fund with another party of their  respective  commitments to pay
or receive interest,  e.g., an exchange of floating rate payments for fixed rate
payments with respect to a notional  amount of principal.  A currency swap is an
agreement to exchange cash flows on a notional  amount of two or more currencies
based on the  relative  value  differential  among  them and an index swap is an
agreement to swap cash flows on a notional amount based on changes in the values
of the  reference                                                               

20

P-->497469th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 469th
indices.  The purchase of a cap entitles the purchaser to receive  payments on a
notional  principal  amount from the party selling such cap to the extent that a
specified index exceeds a predetermined interest rate or amount. The purchase of
a floor  entitles  the  purchaser  to receive  payments on a notional  principal
amount from the party  selling  such floor to the extent that a specified  index
falls below a predetermined  interest rate or amount.  A collar is a combination
of a cap and a floor that  preserves  a certain  return  within a  predetermined
range of interest rates or values.                                              

Use of Segregated and Other Special Accounts.  Many Strategic  Transactions,  in
addition to other  requirements,  require that the Fund segregate cash or liquid
assets with its  custodian  to the extent  fund  obligations  are not  otherwise
"covered" through ownership of the underlying security,  financial instrument or
currency.  In general,  either the full amount of any  obligation by the Fund to
pay or  deliver  securities  or  assets  must be  covered  at all  times  by the
securities, instruments or currency required to be delivered, or, subject to any
regulatory  restrictions,  an amount of cash or liquid  assets at least equal to
the current amount of the obligation must be segregated with the custodian.  The
segregated  assets cannot be sold or transferred  unless  equivalent  assets are
substituted in their place or it is no longer  necessary to segregate  them. For
example,  a call  option  written by the Fund will  require the Fund to hold the
securities  subject  to the  call (or  securities  convertible  into the  needed
securities  without  additional  consideration)  or to segregate  cash or liquid
assets  sufficient  to  purchase  and  deliver  the  securities  if the  call is
exercised.  A call option sold by the Fund on an index will  require the Fund to
own portfolio  securities which correlate with the index or to segregate cash or
liquid assets equal to the excess of the index value over the exercise  price on
a current basis. A put option written by the Fund requires the Fund to segregate
cash or liquid assets equal to the exercise price.                              

Except when the Fund enters into a forward  contract for the purchase or sale of
a security denominated in a particular currency,  which requires no segregation,
a  currency  contract  which  obligates  the Fund to buy or sell  currency  will
generally  require the Fund to hold an amount of that  currency or liquid assets
denominated  in that currency  equal to the Fund's  obligations  or to segregate
cash or liquid assets equal to the amount of the Fund's obligation.             

OTC options entered into by the Fund,  including those on securities,  currency,
financial  instruments  or  indices  and OCC issued and  exchange  listed  index
options, will generally provide for cash settlement.  As a result, when the Fund
sells  these  instruments  it will  only  segregate  an amount of cash or liquid
assets  equal to its accrued net  obligations,  as there is no  requirement  for
payment or delivery of amounts in excess of the net amount.  These  amounts will
equal 100% of the exercise price in the case of a non cash-settled put, the same
as an OCC guaranteed listed option sold by the Fund, or the in-the-money  amount
plus any sell-back  formula amount in the case of a cash-settled put or call. In
addition,  when  the Fund  sells a call  option  on an index at a time  when the
in-the-money  amount exceeds the exercise price, the Fund will segregate,  until
the option expires or is closed out, cash or cash equivalents  equal in value to
such excess.  OCC issued and exchange listed options sold by the Fund other than
those above  generally  settle with  physical  delivery,  or with an election of
either  physical  delivery or cash  settlement  and the Fund will  segregate  an
amount of cash or  liquid  assets  equal to the full  value of the  option.  OTC
options settling with physical delivery,  or with an election of either physical
delivery or cash settlement  will be treated the same as other options  settling
with physical delivery.                                                         

In the case of a futures  contract or an option  thereon,  the Fund must deposit
initial  margin and possible daily  variation  margin in addition to segregating
cash or liquid assets  sufficient to meet its  obligation to purchase or provide
securities  or  currencies,  or to pay the amount owed at the  expiration  of an
index-based  futures  contract.  Such liquid  assets may  consist of cash,  cash
equivalents, liquid debt or equity securities or other acceptable assets.       

With  respect to swaps,  the Fund will accrue the net amount of the  excess,  if
any, of its  obligations  over its  entitlements  with respect to each swap on a
daily basis and will segregate an amount of cash or liquid assets having a value
equal to the accrued excess.  Caps,  floors and collars  require  segregation of
assets with a value equal to the Fund's net obligation, if any.                 

Strategic  Transactions  may be covered  by other  means  when  consistent  with
applicable  regulatory  policies.  The  fund  may  also  enter  into  offsetting
transactions so that its combined position,  coupled with any segregated assets,
equals  its  net  outstanding   obligation  in  related  options  and  Strategic
Transactions.  For example,  the Fund could  purchase a                         

21

P-->497470th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 470th
put option if the  strike  price of that  option is the same or higher  than the
strike price of a put option sold by the Fund. Moreover,  instead of segregating
cash or liquid assets if the Fund held a futures or forward  contract,  it could
purchase a put option on the same  futures  or  forward  contract  with a strike
price as high or higher than the price of the  contract  held.  Other  Strategic
Transactions may also be offset in combinations.  If the offsetting  transaction
terminates at the time of or after the primary  transaction  no  segregation  is
required,  but if it terminates  prior to such time, cash or liquid assets equal
to any remaining obligation would need to be segregated.                        

Combined Transactions. The Fund may enter into multiple transactions,  including
multiple options transactions,  multiple futures transactions, multiple currency
transactions  (including forward currency  contracts) and multiple interest rate
transactions and any combination of futures, options, currency and interest rate
transactions   ("component"   transactions),   instead  of  a  single  Strategic
Transaction,  as part of a single or combined  strategy  when, in the opinion of
the  Advisor,  it is in the best  interests  of the  Fund to do so.  A  combined
transaction  will usually  contain  elements of risk that are present in each of
its component transactions.  Although combined transactions are normally entered
into based on the Advisor's  judgment that the combined  strategies  will reduce
risk or otherwise  more  effectively  achieve the desired  portfolio  management
goal, it is possible that the  combination  will instead  increase such risks or
hinder achievement of the portfolio management objective.                       

Supranational Entities.  Supranational entities are international  organizations
designated   or  supported  by   governmental   entities  to  promote   economic
reconstruction or development and international banking institutions and related
government agencies.  Examples include the International Bank for Reconstruction
and Development  (the World Bank),  the European Coal and Steel  Community,  The
Asian  Development Bank and the InterAmerican  Development Bank.  Obligations of
supranational  entities  are  backed  by the  guarantee  of one or more  foreign
governmental parties which sponsor the entity.                                  

When-Issued Securities.  The Fund may from time to time purchase equity and debt
securities on a "when-issued," "delayed  delivery" or "forward delivery" basis.
The price of such securities, which may be expressed in yield terms, is fixed at
the time the  commitment  to purchase is made,  but delivery and payment for the
securities  takes place at a later date.  During the period between purchase and
settlement, no payment is made by the Fund to the issuer and no interest accrues
to the Fund. When the Fund purchases such securities, it immediately assumes the
risks of ownership, including the risk of price fluctuation.  Failure to deliver
a security purchased on this basis may result in a loss or missed opportunity to
make an alternative investment.                                                 

To the extent that assets of the Fund are held in cash pending the settlement of
a purchase of securities,  the Fund would earn no income.  While such securities
may be sold prior to the settlement date, the Fund intends to purchase them with
the  purpose of actually  acquiring  them unless a sale  appears  desirable  for
investment  reasons.  At the time the Fund makes the  commitment  to  purchase a
security on this basis,  it will record the transaction and reflect the value of
the  security  in  determining  its net asset  value.  The  market  value of the
securities may be more or less than the purchase price.  The Fund will establish
a segregated  account in which it will maintain cash and liquid securities equal
in value to commitments for such securities.                                    

Warrants.  The Fund may  invest in  warrants  up to 5% of the value of its total
assets.  The holder of a warrant has the right,  until the warrant  expires,  to
purchase a given number of shares of a particular  issuer at a specified  price.
Such  investments  can  provide a greater  potential  for profit or loss than an
equivalent  investment  in the  underlying  security.  Prices of warrants do not
necessarily  move,  however,  in  tandem  with  the  prices  of  the  underlying
securities and are, therefore, considered speculative investments.  Warrants pay
no  dividends  and confer no rights  other than a purchase  option.  Thus,  if a
warrant held by the Fund were not exercised by the date of its  expiration,  the
Fund would lose the entire purchase price of the warrant.                       

Zero Coupon Securities.  The Fund may invest in zero coupon securities which pay
no cash  income  and are  sold at  substantial  discounts  from  their  value at
maturity.  When  held to  maturity,  their  entire  income,  which  consists  of
accretion of discount,  comes from the difference between the purchase price and
their  value at  maturity.  The effect of owning  instruments  which do not make
current  interest  payments  is that a fixed  yield  is  earned  not only on the
original  investment but also, in effect,  on all discount  accretion during the
life of the obligation.  This implicit reinvestment of earnings at the same rate
eliminates the risk of being unable to reinvest  distributions at a rate as high
as the implicit yield on the zero coupon bond,  but at the same time  eliminates
any  opportunity  to reinvest  earnings at                                      

22

P-->497471st Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 471st
higher rates.  For this reason,  zero coupon bonds are subject to  substantially
greater price fluctuations during periods of changing market interest rates than
those of comparable securities that pay interest currently, which fluctuation is
greater as the period to maturity is longer. Zero coupon convertible  securities
which are  convertible  into  common  stock  offer the  opportunity  for capital
appreciation  (or  depreciation)  as increases (or decreases) in market value of
such  securities  closely  follow  the  movements  in the  market  value  of the
underlying  common  stock.  Zero coupon  convertible  securities  generally  are
expected to be less volatile than the underlying  common stocks, as they usually
are  issued  with  maturities  of 15 years or less and are issued  with  options
and/or redemption features exercisable by the holder of the obligation entitling
the holder to redeem the obligation and receive a defined cash payment.         

Portfolio Holdings                                                              

In addition to the public disclosure of Fund portfolio holdings through required
Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") quarterly filings,  the Fund may make
its portfolio holdings information publicly available on the DWS Funds' Web site
as described in the Fund's prospectus.  The Fund does not disseminate non-public
information  about  portfolio  holdings  except in accordance  with policies and
procedures adopted by the Fund.                                                 

The Fund's  procedures permit non-public  portfolio  holdings  information to be
shared with Deutsche Asset Management and its affiliates  (collectively "DeAM"),
subadvisors, if any, custodians, independent registered public accounting firms,
attorneys,   officers  and  trustees/directors  and  each  of  their  respective
affiliates and advisers who require access to this  information to fulfill their
duties to the Fund and are subject to the duties of  confidentiality,  including
the duty not to trade on non-public information,  imposed by law or contract, or
by the Fund's  procedures.  This  non-public  information may also be disclosed,
subject to the  requirements  described  below,  to securities  lending  agents,
financial  printers,  proxy voting  firms,  mutual fund  analysts and rating and
tracking  agencies,  or to shareholders  in connection with in-kind  redemptions
(collectively, "Authorized Third Parties").                                     

Prior to any disclosure of the Fund's non-public  portfolio holdings information
to Authorized  Third Parties,  a person  authorized by the Fund's Directors must
make a good faith  determination  in light of the facts then known that the Fund
has a  legitimate  business  purpose for  providing  the  information,  that the
disclosure is in the best interest of the Fund,  and that the recipient  assents
or otherwise has a duty to keep the  information  confidential  and to not trade
based on the information  received while the information remains non-public.  No
compensation is received by the Fund or DeAM for disclosing  non-public holdings
information. Periodic reports regarding these procedures will be provided to the
Fund's Directors.                                                               

Portfolio  holdings  information  distributed  by the trading desks of DeAM or a
subadvisor for the purpose of facilitating  efficient trading of such securities
and receipt of relevant  research is not subject to the foregoing  requirements.
Non-public   portfolio   holding   information   does  not   include   portfolio
characteristics  (other than holdings or subsets of holdings) about the Fund and
information  derived  therefrom,  including,  but not limited to, how the Fund's
investments are divided among various sectors, industries,  countries, value and
growth stocks,  bonds,  currencies and cash,  types of bonds,  bond  maturities,
duration,  bond  coupons and bond credit  quality  ratings so long as the Fund's
holdings could not be derived from such information.                            

Registered  investment  companies  that are subadvised by DeAM may be subject to
different  portfolio  holdings  disclosure  policies,  and neither  DeAM nor the
Fund's  Directors  exercise  control over such policies.  In addition,  separate
account  clients of DeAM have  access to their  portfolio  holdings  and are not
subject  to the Fund's  portfolio  holdings  disclosure  policy.  The  portfolio
holdings  of some of the  funds  subadvised  by DeAM  and  some of the  separate
accounts managed by DeAM may substantially  overlap with the portfolio  holdings
of the Fund.                                                                    

DeAM also  manages  certain  unregistered  commingled  trusts and creates  model
portfolios,  the portfolio holdings of which may substantially  overlap with the
portfolio holdings of the Fund. To the extent that investors in these commingled
trusts  or  recipients  of model  portfolio  holdings  information  may  receive
portfolio  holdings  information  of their  trust or of a model  portfolio  on a
different basis from that on which Fund portfolio  holdings  information is made
public,  DeAM has implemented  procedures  reasonably designed to encourage such
investors and recipients to keep such information  confidential,  and to prevent
those investors from trading on the basis of non-public holdings information.   

23

P-->497472nd Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 472nd
There is no assurance that the Fund's  policies and  procedures  with respect to
the disclosure of portfolio holdings  information will protect the Fund from the
potential  misuse of portfolio  holdings  information  by those in possession of
that information.                                                               

Regulatory Matters and Legal Proceedings                                        

On December 21, 2006,  Deutsche Asset Management  ("DeAM")  settled  proceedings
with the  Securities and Exchange  Commission  ("SEC") and the New York Attorney
General on behalf of Deutsche  Asset  Management,  Inc.  ("DAMI") and DIMA,  the
investment advisors to many of the DWS Scudder funds,  regarding  allegations of
improper  trading of fund  shares at DeAM and at the legacy  Scudder  and Kemper
organizations prior to their acquisition by DeAM in April 2002. These regulators
alleged that although the prospectuses for certain funds in the regulators' view
indicated  that the funds did not permit market  timing,  DAMI and DIMA breached
their  fiduciary  duty to those  funds in that their  efforts  to limit  trading
activity in the funds were not effective at certain times.  The regulators  also
alleged that DAMI and DIMA  breached  their  fiduciary  duty to certain funds by
entering into certain market timing  arrangements with investors.  These trading
arrangements  originated  in  businesses  that  existed  prior to the  currently
constituted  DeAM  organization,  which  came  together  as a result of  various
mergers of the legacy Scudder,  Kemper and Deutsche fund groups,  and all of the
arrangements were terminated prior to the start of the regulatory investigations
that  began in the summer of 2003.  No  current  DeAM  employee  approved  these
trading arrangements.  Under the terms of the settlements, DAMI and DIMA neither
admitted nor denied any wrongdoing.                                             

The terms of the SEC settlement, which identified improper trading in the legacy
Deutsche and Kemper mutual funds only,  provide for payment of  disgorgement  in
the  amount  of $17.2  million.  The terms of the  settlement  with the New York
Attorney  General  provide for payment of  disgorgement  in the amount of $102.3
million, which is inclusive of the amount payable under the SEC settlement, plus
a civil penalty in the amount of $20 million.  The total amount payable by DeAM,
approximately  $122.3  million,  will  be  distributed  to  shareholders  of the
affected  funds in  accordance  with a  distribution  plan to be  developed by a
distribution  consultant.  The funds'  investment  advisors do not believe these
amounts  will have a material  adverse  financial  impact on them or  materially
affect their ability to perform  under their  investment  management  agreements
with the DWS funds.  The  above-described  amounts are not  material to Deutsche
Bank, and have already been reserved.                                           

Among the terms of the settled orders,  DeAM is subject to certain  undertakings
regarding  the conduct of its business in the future,  including  formation of a
Code of Ethics  Oversight  Committee  to oversee all matters  relating to issues
arising  under  the  advisors'  Code of  Ethics;  establishment  of an  Internal
Compliance Controls Committee having overall compliance oversight responsibility
of the advisors; engagement of an Independent Compliance Consultant to conduct a
comprehensive review of the advisors' supervisory  compliance and other policies
and  procedures  designed to prevent  and detect  breaches  of  fiduciary  duty,
breaches  of the Code of Ethics and federal  securities  law  violations  by the
advisors and their employees; and commencing in 2008, the advisors shall undergo
a compliance review by an independent third party.                              

In addition,  DeAM is subject to certain  further  undertakings  relating to the
governance  of the mutual funds,  including  that at least 75% of the members of
the  Boards  of  Trustees/Directors  overseeing  the DWS  Funds  continue  to be
independent of DeAM; the Chairmen of the DWS Funds' Boards of Trustees/Directors
continue to be  independent  of DeAM;  DeAM  maintain  existing  management  fee
reductions  for  certain  funds  for a period  of five  years  and not  increase
management  fees for these certain funds during this period;  the funds retain a
senior  officer (or  independent  consultants,  as applicable)  responsible  for
assisting in the review of fee  arrangements  and  monitoring  compliance by the
funds and the investment advisors with securities laws,  fiduciary duties, codes
of ethics and other compliance policies,  the expense of which shall be borne by
DeAM; and periodic account  statements,  fund prospectuses and the mutual funds'
web site contain  additional  disclosure  and/or tools that assist  investors in
understanding  the fees and costs associated with an investment in the funds and
the impact of fees and expenses on fund returns.                                

DeAM has also settled proceedings with the Illinois Secretary of State regarding
market timing matters. The terms of the Illinois settlement provide for investor
education  contributions  totaling approximately $4 million and a payment in the
amount of $2 million to the Securities Audit and Enforcement Fund.              

24

P-->497473rd Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 473rd
On  September  28,  2006,  the SEC and the National  Association  of  Securities
Dealers  ("NASD")  announced  final  agreements  in  which  Deutsche  Investment
Management Americas Inc. ("DIMA"),  Deutsche Asset Management, Inc. ("DAMI") and
Scudder  Distributors,  Inc. ("DWS-SDI") (now known as DWS Scudder Distributors,
Inc.)  settled  administrative  proceedings  regarding  disclosure  of brokerage
allocation  practices in connection  with sales of the Scudder Funds' (now known
as the DWS Scudder Funds) shares during  2001-2003.  The agreements with the SEC
and NASD are reflected in orders which state, among other things,  that DIMA and
DAMI failed to disclose potential conflicts of interest to the funds' Boards and
to  shareholders   relating  to  DWS-SDI's  use  of  certain  funds'   brokerage
commissions to reduce revenue sharing costs to broker-dealer  firms with whom it
had  arrangements to market and distribute  Scudder Fund shares.  These directed
brokerage practices were discontinued in October 2003.                          

Under the terms of the  settlements,  in which DIMA,  DAMI and  DWS-SDI  neither
admitted  nor denied any of the  regulators'  findings,  DIMA,  DAMI and DWS-SDI
agreed to pay  disgorgement,  prejudgment  interest  and civil  penalties in the
total amount of $19.3 million. The portion of the settlements distributed to the
funds was approximately $17.8 million and was paid to the funds as prescribed by
the settlement  orders based upon the amount of brokerage  commissions from each
fund used to satisfy revenue sharing  agreements  with  broker-dealers  who sold
fund shares.                                                                    

As part of the  settlements,  DIMA,  DAMI and DWS-SDI  also agreed to  implement
certain measures and undertakings relating to revenue sharing payments including
making  additional  disclosures  in the funds'  Prospectuses  or  Statements  of
Additional  Information,  adopting or modifying relevant policies and procedures
and providing regular reporting to the fund Boards.                             

Additional  information announced by DeAM regarding the terms of the settlements
is available at www.dws-scudder.com/regulatory_settlements.                     

The matters alleged in the regulatory  settlements described above also serve as
the general basis of a number of private class action lawsuits involving the DWS
funds. These lawsuits name as defendants various persons,  including certain DWS
funds,  the  funds'  investment  advisors  and  their  affiliates,  and  certain
individuals,  including  in some cases fund  Trustees/Directors,  officers,  and
other parties.  Each DWS fund's  investment  advisor has agreed to indemnify the
applicable  DWS funds in connection  with these  lawsuits,  or other lawsuits or
regulatory actions that may be filed making similar allegations.                

Based on currently available information, the funds' investment advisors believe
the likelihood that the pending lawsuits will have a material adverse  financial
impact on a DWS fund is remote and such  actions  are not  likely to  materially
affect their ability to perform  under their  investment  management  agreements
with the DWS funds.                                                             

MANAGEMENT OF THE FUND

Investment Advisor                                                              

Deutsche Investment Management Americas Inc. ("DIMA" or the "Advisor"), which is
part of Deutsche Asset Management  ("DeAM"),  is the investment  advisor for the
Fund.  Under  the  supervision  of the  Board of  Directors  of the  Fund,  with
headquarters  at 345 Park  Avenue,  New York,  New York,  DIMA  makes the Fund's
investment  decisions,  buys and  sells  securities  for the  Fund and  conducts
research that leads to these purchase and sale  decisions.  The Advisor  manages
the Fund's  daily  investment  and  business  affairs  subject  to the  policies
established by the Corporation's  Board of Directors.  DIMA and its predecessors
have more than 80 years of experience  managing  mutual  funds.  DIMA provides a
full range of investment  advisory services to institutional and retail clients.
The Fund's  investment  advisor is also  responsible  for selecting  brokers and
dealers  and for  negotiating  brokerage  commissions  and dealer  charges.  The
Advisor's duties are described in more detail below.                            

DeAM is the  marketing  name in the US for the asset  management  activities  of
Deutsche  Bank AG,  DIMA,  Deutsche  Bank Trust  Company  Americas and DWS Trust
Company. DeAM is a global asset management organization that offers a wide range
of investing  expertise and resources,  including hundreds of portfolio managers
and analysts and an office  network  that reaches the world's  major  investment
centers.  This well-resourced  global investment platform brings together a wide
variety of experience and investment insight, across industries,  regions, asset
classes and                                                                     

25

P-->497474th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 474th
investing styles. DIMA is an indirect,  wholly-owned subsidiary of Deutsche Bank
AG. Deutsche Bank AG is a major global banking  institution that is engaged in a
wide range of financial services, including investment management,  mutual fund,
retail,  private and commercial banking,  investment banking and insurance.  The
term  "DWS  Scudder"  is the  designation  given to the  products  and  services
provided by the Advisor and its affiliates to the DWS Mutual Funds.             

Pursuant to an  investment  management  agreement  (the  "Investment  Management
Agreement"), the Advisor provides continuing investment management of the assets
of the Fund.  The Investment  Management  Agreement was approved by the Board of
Directors  of the  Corporation  (including  a  majority  of  the  Non-interested
Directors) on June 28, 2006. The Investment  Management  Agreement will continue
in effect until September 30, 2007, and thereafter from year to year only if its
continuance  is approved  annually by the vote of a majority of those  Directors
who are not parties to such  Agreement or  interested  persons of the Advisor or
the Corporation, cast in person at a meeting called for the purpose of voting on
such  approval,  and  either by a vote of the  Corporation's  Directors  or of a
majority of the outstanding voting securities of the Fund.                      

In addition to the investment  management of the assets of the Fund, the Advisor
determines the  investments  to be made for the Fund,  including what portion of
its assets  remain  uninvested  in cash or cash  equivalents,  and with whom the
orders for investments are placed, consistent with the Fund's policies as stated
in its Prospectuses and SAI, or as adopted by the Fund's Board. The Advisor will
also monitor,  to the extent not monitored by the Fund's  administrator or other
agent,  the Fund's  compliance  with its investment and tax guidelines and other
compliance policies.                                                            

The Advisor  provides  assistance to the Fund's Board in valuing the  securities
and other  instruments  held by the Fund, to the extent  reasonably  required by
valuation policies and procedures that may be adopted by the Fund.              

Pursuant to the Investment Management  Agreement,  (unless otherwise provided in
the agreement or as  determined by the Fund's Board and to the extent  permitted
by applicable  law), the Advisor pays the  compensation  and expenses of all the
Board  members,  officers,  and executive  employees of the Fund,  including the
Fund's share of payroll taxes, who are affiliated persons of the Advisor.       

The  Investment  Management  Agreement  provides  that  the  Fund  is  generally
responsible  for expenses  that  include:  fees payable to the Advisor;  outside
legal,  accounting  or auditing  expenses,  including  with  respect to expenses
related to negotiation,  acquisition or  distribution of portfolio  investments;
maintenance  of books and records that are  maintained  by the Fund,  the Fund's
custodian,  or other agents of the Fund; taxes and  governmental  fees; fees and
expenses   of  the   Fund's   accounting   agent,   custodian,   sub-custodians,
depositories,  transfer  agents,  dividend  reimbursing  agents and  registrars;
payment  for  portfolio  pricing  or  valuation   services  to  pricing  agents,
accountants,  bankers and other specialists,  if any;  brokerage  commissions or
other costs of  acquiring  or disposing  of any  portfolio  securities  or other
instruments  of the  Fund;  and  litigation  expenses  and  other  extraordinary
expenses not incurred in the ordinary course of the Fund's business.            

The Investment  Management  Agreement  allows the Advisor to delegate any of its
duties under the  Agreement to a  subadvisor,  subject to a majority vote of the
Board of the Fund,  including  a  majority  of the Board who are not  interested
persons of the Fund, and, if required by applicable  law,  subject to a majority
vote of the Fund's shareholders.                                                

The  Investment  Management  Agreement  provides  that the Advisor  shall not be
liable for any error of judgment  or mistake of law or for any loss  suffered by
the Fund in  connection  with matters to which the agreement  relates,  except a
loss resulting from willful  malfeasance,  bad faith or gross  negligence on the
part of the Advisor in the performance of its duties or from reckless  disregard
by the Advisor of its obligations and duties under the agreement. The Investment
Management  Agreement may be terminated at any time, without payment of penalty,
by either party or by vote of a majority of the outstanding voting securities of
the Fund on 60 days' written notice.                                            

The Fund pays the Advisor an  advisory  fee at the annual rate of 0.800% for the
first $500 million of the Fund's  average daily net assets;  0.780% for the next
$500  million  of the Fund'  average  daily net  assets;  0.760% for the next $1
billion of the Fund's  average daily net assets and 0.740% of the Fund's average
daily net asset over $2 billion.                                                

26

P-->497475th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 475th
The fee is  payable  monthly,  provided  that the Fund will  make  such  interim
payments as may be  requested  by the Advisor not to exceed 75% of the amount of
the fee then  accrued  on the books of the Fund and  unpaid.  All of the  Fund's
expenses are paid out of gross investment income.                               

Through November 30, 2008, the advisor has contractually  agreed to waive all or
a portion of its management  fee and reimburse or pay operating  expenses of the
fund to the extent necessary to maintain the fund's total operating  expenses at
1.57%,  2.32% and 1.32% for Class A,  Class C and  Institutional  Class  shares,
respectively,  excluding certain expenses such as extraordinary expenses, taxes,
brokerage and interest.  Through  September 30, 2007, the advisor  contractually
agreed to waive all or a portion  of its  management  fee and  reimburse  or pay
operating  expenses of the Fund to the extent  necessary  to maintain the Fund's
total  operating  expenses  at 1.56%,  2.31% and 1.26% for Class A,  Class C and
Institutional  Class shares,  respectively,  excluding  certain expenses such as
extraordinary  expenses,  taxes,  brokerage,  interest,  and  organizational and
offering expenses.                                                              

For the fiscal year ended  August 31,  2007,  the Fund  incurred  an  investment
management  fee of $87,384 all of which was waived.  For the fiscal period ended
August 31, 2006, the Fund incurred an investment management fee of $6,399 all of
which was waived.  In addition,  for the year ended August 31, 2007, the Advisor
reimbursed  the Fund $75,920 of other expenses and  voluntarily  agreed to waive
$55,080 of offering expenses.                                                   

In  addition,  there is a new  subadvisor  approval  policy  for the  Fund  (the
"Subadvisor  Approval  Policy").  The  Subadvisor  Approval  Policy  permits the
Advisor,  subject to the  approval  of the Board,  including  a majority  of its
independent  board  members,  to appoint  and replace  subadvisors  and to amend
sub-advisory  contracts  without  obtaining  shareholder  approval.   Under  the
Subadvisor Approval Policy, the Board,  including its independent board members,
will continue to evaluate and approve all new sub-advisory contracts between the
Advisor and any subadvisor,  as well as all changes to any existing sub-advisory
contract.  The Fund cannot implement the Subadvisor  Approval Policy without the
SEC either adopting  revisions to current rules (as it proposed to do in October
2003) or granting the Fund exemptive  relief from existing  rules.  The Fund and
the  Advisor  would be  subject to  certain  conditions  imposed by the SEC (and
certain  conditions  that may be imposed in the future within  either  exemptive
relief or a rule) to ensure that the interests of the Fund and its  shareholders
are adequately protected whenever the Advisor acts under the Subadvisor Approval
Policy, including any shareholder notice requirements.                          

The Advisor provides  investment  counsel for many individuals and institutions,
including  insurance  companies,  industrial  corporations,  and  financial  and
banking  organizations,  as well as  providing  investment  advice  to open- and
closed-end SEC registered funds.                                                

In  certain  cases,  the  investments  for  the  Fund  is  managed  by the  same
individuals  who manage one or more other  mutual  funds  advised by the Advisor
that have similar names,  objectives and investment  styles. You should be aware
that the Fund is likely to differ from these other  mutual  funds in size,  cash
flow pattern and tax matters.  Accordingly,  the holdings and performance of the
Fund can be expected to vary from those of these other mutual funds.            

Certain  investments  may be appropriate for the Fund and also for other clients
advised by the Advisor.  Investment decisions for the Fund and other clients are
made with a view to achieving their respective  investment  objectives and after
consideration  of such factors as their current  holdings,  availability of cash
for  investment  and the  size of their  investments  generally.  Frequently,  a
particular  security  may be bought or sold for only one client or in  different
amounts  and at  different  times for more  than one but less than all  clients.
Likewise,  a particular  security may be bought for one or more clients when one
or more other clients are selling the security. In addition,  purchases or sales
of the same  security  may be made for two or more  clients on the same day.  In
such event,  such  transactions  will be allocated among the clients in a manner
believed by the Advisor to be equitable to each. In some cases,  this  procedure
could have an adverse effect on the price or amount of the securities  purchased
or sold by the Fund.  Purchase and sale orders for the Fund may be combined with
those of other  clients of the  Advisor in the  interest of  achieving  the most
favorable net results to the Fund.                                              

The Advisor may enter into arrangements with affiliates and third-party  service
providers to perform  various  administrative,  back-office  and other  services
relating to client accounts.  Such service providers may be located in the US or
in non-US jurisdictions.                                                        

27

P-->497476th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 476th
Subadvisor.  Deutsche Asset  Management  International  GmbH ("DeAMi"),  Mainzer
Landstrasse  16, 60325  Frankfurt am Main,  Germany,  is the  subadvisor for the
Fund.  DeAMi renders  investment  advisory and management  services to the Fund.
DIMA  compensates  DeAMi out of the  management  fee it receives  from the Fund.
DeAMi serves as  sub-advisor  pursuant to the terms of a  Subadvisory  Agreement
between it and the Advisor.                                                     

Under the terms of the Subadvisory  Agreement,  DeAMi manages the investment and
reinvestment of the Fund's  portfolio and will provide such  investment  advice,
research  and  assistance  as the  Advisor  may,  from time to time,  reasonably
request.                                                                        

The Subadvisory  Agreement  provides that DeAMi will not be liable for any error
of judgment or mistake of law or for any loss suffered by the Fund in connection
with matters to which the Subadvisory Agreement relates, except a loss resulting
from willful  misconduct,  bad faith or gross negligence on the part of DeAMi in
the  performance  of its  duties  or from  reckless  disregard  by  DeAMi of its
obligations and duties under the Subadvisory Agreement.                         

The Subadvisory  Agreement shall continue in effect until September 30, 2007 and
from  year to  year  thereafter,  but  only  as  long  as  such  continuance  is
specifically  approved at least  annually (a) by a majority of the  Directors of
the Corporation  who are not parties to such agreement or interested  persons of
any such party except in their capacity as Directors of the Corporation, and (b)
by  the  shareholders  or  the  Board  of  Directors  of  the  Corporation.  The
Subadvisory  Agreement may be terminated at any time upon 60 days' notice by the
Advisor or by the Board of Directors of the  Corporation  or by majority vote of
the  outstanding  shares  of the Fund,  and will  terminate  automatically  upon
assignment or upon termination of the Fund's investment management agreement.   

Codes of Ethics                                                                 

The Fund, the Advisor, subadvisor and the Fund's principal underwriter have each
adopted  codes of ethics  under Rule 17j-1  under the 1940 Act.  Board  members,
officers of the  Corporation  and  employees  of the  Advisor,  subadvisors  and
principal  underwriter are permitted to make personal  securities  transactions,
including  transactions in securities that may be purchased or held by the Fund,
subject to certain  requirements  and  restrictions  set forth in the applicable
Code  of  Ethics.   The  Advisor's  Code  of  Ethics  contains   provisions  and
requirements  designed to identify  and address  certain  conflicts  of interest
between  personal  investment  activities  and the interests of the Fund.  Among
other  things,   the  Advisor's  Code  of  Ethics  prohibits  certain  types  of
transactions  absent prior approval,  imposes time periods during which personal
transactions may not be made in certain securities,  and requires the submission
of  duplicate  broker   confirmations  and  quarterly  reporting  of  securities
transactions.  Additional  restrictions  apply to portfolio  managers,  traders,
research  analysts  and others  involved  in the  investment  advisory  process.
Exceptions to these and other  provisions of the Advisor's Code of Ethics may be
granted in particular circumstances after review by appropriate personnel.      

Compensation of Portfolio Managers                                              

The  Fund has  been  advised  that the  Advisor  seeks to offer  its  investment
professionals  competitive  short-term  and  long-term  compensation.  Portfolio
managers and research professionals are paid (i) fixed base salaries,  which are
linked to job function,  responsibilities  and financial  services industry peer
comparison  and (ii)  variable  compensation,  which  is  linked  to  investment
performance, individual contributions to the team and DWS Scudder's and Deutsche
Bank's  financial  results.  Variable  compensation  may  include  a cash  bonus
incentive and  participation in a variety of long-term equity programs  (usually
in the form of Deutsche Bank equity).                                           

Bonus  and  long-term   incentives   comprise  a  greater  proportion  of  total
compensation as an investment  professional's  seniority and compensation levels
increase.  Top performing  investment  professionals  earn a total  compensation
package  that is highly  competitive,  including  a bonus that is a multiple  of
their base  salary.  The amount of equity  awarded  under the  long-term  equity
programs is generally based on the individual's total  compensation  package and
may  comprise  from  0%-40%  of  the  total  compensation  award.  As  incentive
compensation increases,  the percentage of compensation awarded in Deutsche Bank
equity also increases. Certain senior investment professionals may be subject to
a mandatory diverting of a portion of their equity compensation into proprietary
mutual funds that they manage.                                                  

28

P-->497477th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 477th
To  evaluate  its  investment  professionals,  the  Advisor  uses a  Performance
Management  Process.   Objectives  evaluated  by  the  process  are  related  to
investment  performance and generally take into account peer group and benchmark
related data.  The ultimate goal of this process is to link the  performance  of
investment  professionals  with  client  investment  objectives  and to  deliver
investment   performance   that  meets  or  exceeds  clients'  risk  and  return
objectives. When determining total compensation,  the Advisor considers a number
of quantitative and qualitative factors such as:                                

o        DWS  Scudder   performance   and  the  performance  of  Deutsche  Asset
         Management, quantitative measures which include 1, 3 and 5 year pre-tax
         returns versus benchmark (such as the benchmark used in the prospectus)
         and appropriate  peer group,  taking into  consideration  risk targets.
         Additionally, the portfolio manager's retail/institutional asset mix is
weighted, as appropriate for evaluation purposes.             

o        Qualitative  measures include  adherence to the investment  process and
         individual  contributions  to  the  process,  among  other  things.  In
         addition, the Advisor assesses compliance, risk management and teamwork
skills.                                                       

o        Other factors,  including  contributions made to the investment team as
         well as  adherence  to  compliance,  risk  management,  and "living the
         values" of the Advisor,  are part of a  discretionary  component  which
         gives  management the ability to reward these behaviors on a subjective
basis through bonus incentives.                               

In addition,  the Advisor analyzes  competitive  compensation levels through the
use of extensive market data surveys. Portfolio manager compensation is reviewed
and may be modified each year as appropriate  to reflect  changes in the market,
as well as to adjust the  factors  used to  determine  overall  compensation  to
promote good sustained investment performance.                                  

Fund Ownership of Portfolio Managers                                            

The following table shows the dollar range of shares owned  beneficially  and of
record by each  member of the Fund's  portfolio  management  team in the Fund as
well as in all DWS Funds as a group (i.e.  those funds advised by Deutsche Asset
Management or its affiliates),  including  investments by their immediate family
members sharing the same household and amounts invested  through  retirement and
deferred  compensation plans. This information is provided as of the Fund's most
recent fiscal year end.                                                         

                                                                [Download Table]

                            Dollar Range of   Dollar Range of All DWS
Name of Portfolio Manager  Fund Shares Owned     Fund Shares Owned   
-------------------------  -----------------     -----------------   

                                                                     
Klaus Kaldemorgen                 $0                    $0           
Carmen Weber, CFA                 $0                    $0           

Because the fund's portfolio managers are not resident in the US, they generally
do not  invest in US  registered  investment  companies,  such as the  Fund,  on
account  of US tax  and  other  regulatory  limitations  applicable  to  foreign
investors.                                                                      

Conflicts of Interest                                                           

In addition to managing the assets of the Fund,  the Fund's  portfolio  managers
may have responsibility for managing other client accounts of the Advisor or its
affiliates.  The tables below show, for each portfolio  manager,  the number and
asset size of (1) SEC registered  investment companies (or series thereof) other
than the Fund, (2) pooled investment vehicles that are not registered investment
companies and (3) other  accounts  (e.g.,  accounts  managed for  individuals or
organizations)  managed by each  portfolio  manager.  The  tables  also show the
number of  performance  based fee  accounts,  as well as the total assets of the
accounts for which the advisory fee is based on the  performance of the account.
This information is provided as of the Fund's most recent fiscal year end.      

29

P-->497478th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 478th
Other SEC Registered Investment Companies Managed:                              

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

                                       Number of       Total Assets of    Number of Investment                     
                                      Registered         Registered         Company Accounts       Total Assets of 
                                      Investment         Investment               with            Performance-Based
Name of Portfolio Manager              Companies          Companies       Performance-Based Fee     Fee Accounts   
-------------------------              ---------          ---------       ---------------------     ------------   

                                                                                                                   
Klaus Kaldemorgen                         $0                 $0                    $0                    $0        
Carmen Weber, CFA                         $0                 $0                    $0                    $0        

Other Pooled Investment Vehicles Managed:                                                                          

                                                                             Number of Pooled                      
                                      Number of                             Investment Vehicle                     
                                       Pooled         Total Assets of         Accounts with        Total Assets of 
                                     Investment      Pooled Investment      Performance-Based     Performance-Based
Name of Portfolio Manager             Vehicles            Vehicles                 Fee              Fee Accounts   
-------------------------             --------            --------                 ---              ------------   

Klaus Kaldemorgen                           3         $13,168,997,266               $0                   $0        
Carmen Weber, CFA                           1            $495,831,228               $0                   $0        

Other Accounts Managed:                                                                                            

                                                                             Number of Other                       
                                                                              Accounts with      Total Assets of   
                                      Number of    Total Assets of Other    Performance-Based      Performance-    
Name of Portfolio Manager          Other Accounts         Accounts                 Fee          Based Fee Accounts 
-------------------------          --------------         --------                 ---          ------------------ 

Klaus Kaldemorgen                        $0                  $0                    $0                   $0         
Carmen Weber, CFA                        $0                  $0                    $0                   $0         

In  addition  to the  accounts  above,  an  investment  professional  may manage
accounts in a personal  capacity that may include  holdings that are similar to,
or the same as,  those of the Fund.  The  Advisor  has in place a Code of Ethics
that is designed to address  conflicts of interest and that, among other things,
imposes  restrictions  on the ability of portfolio  managers  and other  "access
persons" to invest in securities  that may be  recommended or traded in the Fund
and other client accounts.                                                      

Real,  potential  or apparent  conflicts  of interest may arise when a portfolio
manager has day-to-day  portfolio  management  responsibilities  with respect to
more than one fund or account, including the following:                         

o        Certain  investments may be appropriate for the Fund and also for other
         clients advised by the Advisor, including other client accounts managed
         by the Fund's portfolio  management team.  Investment decisions for the
         Fund  and  other  clients  are  made  with a view  to  achieving  their
         respective  investment  objectives  and  after  consideration  of  such
         factors as their current holdings,  availability of cash for investment
         and the size of their investments  generally. A particular security may
         be bought or sold for only one client or in  different  amounts  and at
         different times for more than one but less than all clients.  Likewise,
         because   clients  of  the  Advisor  may  have   differing   investment
         strategies, a particular security may be bought for one or more clients
         when one or more other clients are selling the security. The investment
         results  achieved for the Fund may differ from the results achieved for
         other  clients of the Advisor.  In addition,  purchases or sales of the
         same  security  may be made for two or more clients on the same day. In
         such event,  such transactions will be allocated among the clients in a
         manner  believed by the Advisor to be most  equitable  to each  client,
         generally utilizing a pro rata allocation  methodology.  In some cases,
the allocation  procedure                                     

30

P-->497479th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 479th
         could  potentially  have an adverse  effect or  positive  effect on the
         price  or  amount  of the  securities  purchased  or sold by the  Fund.
         Purchase  and sale  orders for the Fund may be  combined  with those of
         other  clients of the  Advisor in the  interest of  achieving  the most
favorable net results to the Fund and the other clients.      

o        To the  extent  that  a  portfolio  manager  has  responsibilities  for
         managing  multiple client  accounts,  a portfolio  manager will need to
         divide time and attention among relevant accounts. The Advisor attempts
         to minimize these conflicts by aligning its portfolio  management teams
         by  investment  strategy and by  employing  similar  investment  models
across multiple client accounts.                              

o        In some cases, an apparent  conflict may arise where the Advisor has an
         incentive, such as a performance-based fee, in managing one account and
         not with  respect to other  accounts it manages.  The Advisor  will not
         determine  allocations based on whether it receives a performance-based
         fee from the client. Additionally, the Advisor has in place supervisory
         oversight processes to periodically monitor performance  deviations for
accounts with like strategies.                                

o        The Advisor and its affiliates and the investment  team of the Fund may
         manage other mutual funds and separate  accounts on a long-short basis.
         The  simultaneous  management  of long  and  short  portfolios  creates
         potential  conflicts  of  interest  including  the risk that short sale
         activity  could   adversely   affect  the  market  value  of  the  long
         positions(and  vice versa),  the risk arising from sequential orders in
         long and short  positions,  and the  risks  associated  with  receiving
         opposing  orders at the same time.  The Advisor has adopted  procedures
         that it believes are reasonably  designed to mitigate  these  potential
         conflicts  of  interest.  Included  in these  procedures  are  specific
         guidelines  developed to ensure fair and  equitable  treatment  for all
         clients whose accounts are managed by each Fund's portfolio  management
         team. The Advisor and the portfolio  management  team have  established
         monitoring  procedures,  a protocol for supervisory reviews, as well as
         compliance  oversight  to ensure that  potential  conflicts of interest
relating to this type of activity are properly addressed.     

The Advisor is owned by Deutsche Bank AG, a  multi-national  financial  services
company.  Therefore,  the Advisor is affiliated  with a variety of entities that
provide, and/or engage in commercial banking, insurance,  brokerage,  investment
banking,  financial  advisory,  broker-dealer  activities  (including  sales and
trading),  hedge funds, real estate and private equity investing, in addition to
the provision of investment  management services to institutional and individual
investors.  Since  Deutsche  Bank AG, its  affiliates,  directors,  officers and
employees (the "Firm") are engaged in businesses  and have interests  other than
managing  asset  management  accounts,   such  other  activities  involve  real,
potential or apparent  conflicts of interest.  These  interests  and  activities
include potential  advisory,  transactional  and financial  activities and other
interests  in  securities  and  companies  that may be  directly  or  indirectly
purchased  or sold by the Firm for its  clients'  advisory  accounts.  These are
considerations  of which  advisory  clients  should be aware and which may cause
conflicts that could be to the disadvantage of the Advisor's  advisory  clients.
The Advisor has  instituted  business and  compliance  policies,  procedures and
disclosures  that are  designed to identify,  monitor and mitigate  conflicts of
interest and, as appropriate, to report them to the Fund's Board.               

Administrator.  The  Advisor  also  serves  as the  Corporation's  administrator
pursuant to an Administrative Services Agreement. Pursuant to the Administrative
Services  Agreement,  the Advisor provides  administrative  services to the Fund
including, among others, providing the Fund with personnel, preparing and making
required  filings on behalf of the Fund,  maintaining  books and records for the
Fund, and monitoring the valuation of Fund securities.  The  Administrator  will
pay  Accounting  Agency fees out of the  Administration  fee.  For all  services
provided under the Administrative Services Agreement, the Fund pays the Advisor,
computed daily and paid monthly,  a fee of 0.10% of the average daily net assets
of the  Fund.  The  Administrator  will pay  Accounting  Agency  fees out of the
Administration fee.                                                             

For the  fiscal  year  ended  August  31,  2007,  the Fund  incurred  $50,000 in
administration  fees all of which was waived. For the fiscal period ended August
31,  2006,  the Fund  incurred  $6,823 in  administration  fees all of which was
waived.                                                                         

Under the  Administrative  Services  Agreement,  the Advisor is  obligated  on a
continuous  basis to provide  such  administrative  services as the Board of the
Fund reasonably deems necessary for the proper  administration  of the          

31

P-->497480th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 480th
Fund. The Advisor provides the Fund with personnel; arranges for the preparation
and filing of the Fund's tax returns;  prepares and submits  reports and meeting
materials to the Board and the  shareholders;  prepares and files updates to the
Fund's  prospectus  and  statement of  additional  information  as well as other
reports required to be filed by the SEC; maintains the Fund's records;  provides
the Fund with office space, equipment and services;  supervises,  negotiates the
contracts of and monitors the performance of third parties contractors; oversees
the  tabulation of proxies;  monitors the valuation of portfolio  securities and
monitors  compliance  with  Board-approved  valuation  procedures;   assists  in
establishing  the  accounting  and tax  policies  of the  Fund;  assists  in the
resolution  of  accounting  issues  that may  arise  with  respect  to the Fund;
establishes  and  monitors the Fund's  operating  expense  budgets;  reviews and
processes the Fund's bills;  assists in determining  the amount of dividends and
distributions  available to be paid by the Fund,  prepares and arranges dividend
notifications  and provides  information to agents to effect  payments  thereof;
provides to the Board periodic and special  reports;  provides  assistance  with
investor and public relations  matters;  and monitors the registration of shares
under  applicable  federal and state law. The Advisor also performs certain fund
accounting   services  under  the   Administrative   Services   Agreement.   The
Administrative  Services  Agreement provides that the Advisor will not be liable
under the Administrative Services Agreement except for willful misfeasance,  bad
faith or  negligence  in the  performance  of its  duties  or from the  reckless
disregard by it of its duties and obligations thereunder.                       

Various third-party service providers (the "Service  Providers"),  some of which
are affiliated with the Advisor,  provide certain  services to the Fund pursuant
to separate agreements with the Fund.                                           

The Advisor will pay the Service  Providers for the provision of their  services
to the  Fund  and  will  pay most  other  fund  expenses,  including  insurance,
registration,  printing  and  postage  fees.  In  return,  the Fund will pay the
Advisor an Administrative Fee.                                                  

The fee  payable  by the  Fund to the  Advisor  pursuant  to the  Administrative
Services  Agreement  is reduced by the  amount of any credit  received  from the
Fund's custodian for cash balances.                                             

Certain  expenses  of the  Fund  will  not be borne  by the  Advisor  under  the
Administrative  Services  Agreement,  such as  taxes,  brokerage,  interest  and
extraordinary  expenses;  and the fees and expenses of the Independent Directors
(including the fees and expenses of their independent counsel). In addition, the
Fund will continue to pay the fees required by its Agreement with the Advisor.  

Pursuant to an  agreement  between  the Advisor and State  Street Bank and Trust
Company ("SSB"), the Advisor has delegated certain  administrative  functions to
SSB. The costs and expenses of such delegation are borne by the Advisor,  not by
the Fund.                                                                       

Pursuant  to  Deutsche  Asset  Management  procedures  approved by the Boards on
behalf of the DWS funds,  proof of claim forms are routinely  filed on behalf of
the  DWS  funds  by  a  third  party  service  provider,  with  certain  limited
exceptions.  The Boards of the DWS funds receive periodic reports  regarding the
implementation of these procedures.                                             

FUND SERVICE PROVIDERS

Principal Underwriter                                                           

Pursuant to an Underwriting and Distribution  Services Agreement  ("Distribution
Agreement"),  DWS Scudder Distributors,  Inc.  ("DWS-SDI"),  222 South Riverside
Plaza,  Chicago,  Illinois 60606, an affiliate of the Advisor,  is the principal
underwriter  and distributor  for the Class A, Class C and  Institutional  Class
shares of the Fund and acts as agent of the Fund in the  continuous  offering of
its shares.  The  Distribution  Agreement for the Fund,  dated July 1, 2006, was
initially  approved  by the  Directors  on June 28,  2006 and last  approved  on
September 18, 2007. The Distribution  Agreement continues in effect from year to
year only if its  continuance  is approved for each class at least annually by a
vote of the Board  members  of the Fund,  including  the  Directors  who are not
interested  persons  of the Fund and who have no  direct or  indirect  financial
interest in the Distribution Agreement.                                         

32

P-->497481st Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 481st
The  Distribution  Agreement  automatically  terminates  in  the  event  of  its
assignment and may be terminated for a class at any time without  penalty by the
relevant  Fund or by DWS-SDI upon sixty days'  notice.  Termination  by the Fund
with  respect to a class may be by vote of (i) a majority  of the Board  members
who are not  interested  persons of the Fund and who have no direct or  indirect
financial  interest in the  Distribution  Agreement,  or (ii) a "majority of the
outstanding  voting  securities"  of the class of the Fund, as defined under the
1940 Act. All material  amendments must be approved by the Board of Directors in
the manner  described  above with respect to the  continuation of the Agreement.
The  provisions  concerning  continuation,  amendment  and  termination  of  the
Distribution Agreement are on a series by series and class by class basis.      

DWS-SDI  bears  all  of its  expenses  of  providing  services  pursuant  to the
Distribution Agreement,  including the payment of any commissions. The Fund pays
the cost for the  prospectus and  shareholder  reports to be typeset and printed
for existing shareholders,  and DWS-SDI, as principal underwriter,  pays for the
printing and distribution of copies thereof used in connection with the offering
of shares to prospective  investors.  DWS-SDI also pays for supplementary  sales
literature and advertising costs. As indicated under "Purchase and Redemption of
Shares,"  DWS-SDI  retains the sales charge upon the purchase of shares and pays
or allows  concessions  or discounts to firms for the sale of the Fund's shares.
DWS-SDI  receives no  compensation  from the Fund as principal  underwriter  for
Class A  shares.  DWS-SDI  receives  compensation  from  the  Fund as  principal
underwriter for Class C shares.                                                 

Shareholder  and  administrative  services are provided to the Fund on behalf of
Class A and Class C  shareholders  under a Shareholder  Services  Agreement (the
"Services  Agreement") with DWS-SDI.  The Services Agreement has an initial term
ending  September  30, 2007 and continues in effect from year to year so long as
such  continuance  is approved  for the Fund at least  annually by a vote of the
Board of the Fund, including the Board members who are not interested persons of
the Fund and who have no direct or indirect  financial  interest in the Services
Agreement.  The Services Agreement automatically  terminates in the event of its
assignment  and may be terminated at any time without  penalty by the Fund or by
DWS-SDI  upon sixty days'  notice.  Termination  with  respect to the Class A or
Class C shares  of the Fund may be by a vote of (i) the  majority  of the  Board
members of the Fund who are not  interested  persons of the Fund and who have no
direct or indirect  financial  interest  in the  Services  Agreement,  or (ii) a
"majority  of the  outstanding  voting  securities"  of the  Class A or  Class C
shares, respectively,  as defined under the 1940 Act. The Services Agreement may
not be amended for a class to increase materially the fee to be paid by the Fund
without  approval of a majority of the  outstanding  voting  securities  of such
class of the Fund, and all material  amendments must in any event be approved by
the Board of  Directors  in the  manner  described  above  with  respect  to the
continuation of the Services Agreement.                                         

Under  the  Services   Agreement,   DWS-SDI  may  provide  or  appoint   various
broker-dealer  firms and other  service or  administrative  firms  ("firms")  to
provide  information and services to investors in the Fund.  Typically,  DWS-SDI
appoints  firms that provide  services  and  facilities  for their  customers or
clients who are investors in the Fund.  Firms  appointed by DWS-SDI provide such
office space and equipment,  telephone  facilities and personnel as is necessary
or beneficial  for providing  information  and services to their  clients.  Such
services and assistance may include,  but are not limited to,  establishing  and
maintaining   accounts  and   records,   processing   purchase  and   redemption
transactions,   answering  routine  inquiries  regarding  the  Fund,   providing
assistance  to clients in changing  dividend  and  investment  options,  account
designations  and  addresses  and such other  administrative  services as may be
agreed  upon from time to time and  permitted  by  applicable  statute,  rule or
regulation.                                                                     

DWS-SDI bears all of its expenses of providing  those  services  pursuant to the
Services Agreement,  including the payment of a service fee to firms (as defined
below).  As  indicated  under the Rule 12b-1 Plan (as  defined  below),  DWS-SDI
receives  compensation  from the  Funds  for its  services  under  the  Services
Agreement.                                                                      

Rule 12b-1 Plans                                                                

The Fund has  adopted a plan  pursuant  to Rule 12b-1 under the 1940 Act (each a
"Rule 12b-1  Plan") that  provides for fees payable as an expense of the Class C
shares that are used by DWS-SDI to pay for distribution  services for the class.
Pursuant to the Rule 12b-1 Plan,  shareholder  and  administrative  services are
provided to the Fund on behalf of its Class A and Class C shareholders under the
Fund's Services Agreement with DWS-SDI.  Because 12b-1 fees are paid out of Fund
assets on an ongoing  basis,  they  will,  over  time,  increase  the cost of an
investment and may cost more than other types of sales charges.                 

33

P-->497482nd Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 482nd
The Rule 12b-1 distribution plans for Class C shares provide alternative methods
for paying  sales  charges and may help funds grow or maintain  asset  levels to
provide  operational  efficiencies  and  economies of scale.  Rule 12b-1 service
plans  provide   compensation  to  DWS-SDI  or  intermediaries   for  post-sales
servicing.  Since the  Distribution  Agreement  provides  for fees payable as an
expense of the Class C shares  that are used by DWS-SDI to pay for  distribution
and services for the class,  the  agreement is approved and reviewed  separately
for the Class C shares in accordance  with Rule 12b-1 under the 1940 Act,  which
regulates the manner in which an investment company may, directly or indirectly,
bear the expenses of distributing  its shares.  The  Distribution  Agreement and
Rule 12b-1 plans may not be amended to  increase  the fee to be paid by the Fund
with respect to a class without approval by a majority of the outstanding voting
securities  of such class.  Similarly,  the  Services  Agreement is approved and
reviewed separately for the Class A shares and Class C shares in accordance with
Rule 12b-1.                                                                     

If a Rule 12b-1 Plan is terminated in accordance with its terms,  the obligation
of the Fund to make  payments  to DWS-SDI  pursuant  to the Rule 12b-1 Plan will
cease and the Fund will not be  required  to make any  payments  not  previously
accrued past the termination  date.  Thus,  there is no legal obligation for the
Fund to pay any expenses incurred by DWS-SDI other than fees previously  accrued
and payable  under a Rule 12b-1  Plan,  if for any reason the Rule 12b-1 Plan is
terminated in accordance  with its terms.  Future fees under the Rule 12b-1 Plan
may or may not be sufficient to cover DWS-SDI for its expenses incurred.  On the
other hand, under certain circumstances,  DWS-SDI might collect in the aggregate
over certain periods more in fees under the Rule 12b-1 Plan than it has expended
over that same  period  in  providing  distribution  services  for the Fund.  In
connection  with  Class B  shares,  for  example,  if shares of the Fund were to
appreciate  (resulting  in greater  asset base against which Rule 12b-1 fees are
charged)  and sales of the Fund's  shares  were to decline  (resulting  in lower
expenditures  by DWS-SDI  under the Rule 12b-1 Plan),  fees payable could exceed
expenditures. This may also happen over certain periods shorter than the life of
the Rule 12b-1 Plan  simply due to the timing of  expenses  incurred  by DWS-SDI
that is not matched to the timing of revenues received (e.g., a sales commission
may be paid by DWS-SDI  related to an investment in year 1, while the Rule 12b-1
fee to DWS-SDI  related to that investment may accrue during year 1 through year
6 prior to conversion  of the  investment  to Class A shares).  As a result,  if
DWS-SDI's  expenses  are less than the Rule 12b-1 fees,  DWS-SDI will retain its
full fees and make a profit.                                                    

Class C Shares                                                                  

Distribution  Services.  For its  services  under  the  Distribution  Agreement,
DWS-SDI receives a fee from the Fund under its Rule 12b-1 Plan, payable monthly,
at the annual rate of 0.75% of average daily net assets of the Fund attributable
to Class C shares.  This fee is  accrued  daily as an expense of Class C shares.
DWS-SDI  currently  advances to the firms the first year  distribution  fee at a
rate of 0.75% of the purchase price of Class C shares. However,  DWS-SDI will no
longer  advance  the first  year  distribution  fee to firms for sale of Class C
shares  to   employer-sponsored   employer  benefit  plans  using  the  OmniPlus
subaccount  recordkeeping  system made  available  through  ADP,  Inc.  under an
alliance made with DWS-SDI and its affiliates. For periods after the first year,
DWS-SDI  currently  pays firms for sales of Class C shares a  distribution  fee,
payable  quarterly,  at an annual  rate of 0.75% of net assets  attributable  to
Class C shares  maintained  and serviced by the firm.  This fee continues  until
terminated  by  DWS-SDI  or the  applicable  Fund.  DWS-SDI  also  receives  any
contingent deferred sales charges paid with respect to Class C shares.          

Class A and Class C Shares                                                      

Shareholder  Services.  For its services under the Services  Agreement,  DWS-SDI
receives  a  shareholder  service  fee from the Fund  under a Rule  12b-1  Plan,
payable  monthly,  at an  annual  rate of up to 0.25% of the  average  daily net
assets of Class A and Class C shares of the Fund.                               

With  respect  to Class A shares of the Fund,  DWS-SDI  pays each firm a service
fee,  payable  quarterly,  at an annual rate of up to 0.25% of the net assets in
Fund accounts that it maintains and services  attributable  to Class A shares of
the Fund,  commencing with the month after  investment.  With respect to Class C
shares of the Fund,  DWS-SDI currently  advances to firms the first-year service
fee at a rate of up to 0.25% of the  purchase  price  of such  shares.  However,
DWS-SDI will no longer advance the first year distribution fee to firms for sale
of Class C  shares  to  employer-sponsored  employer  benefit  plans  using  the
OmniPlus subaccount  recordkeeping system made available through ADP, Inc. under
an alliance  made with DWS-SDI and its  affiliates.  For periods after the first
year,  DWS-                                                                     

34

P-->497483rd Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 483rd
SDI  currently  intends  to pay  firms a  service  fee at a rate of up to  0.25%
(calculated  monthly and paid quarterly) of the net assets attributable to Class
C shares of the Fund maintained and serviced by the firm. Firms to which service
fees may be paid include  affiliates of DWS-SDI.  In addition  DWS-SDI may, from
time to time,  pay certain firms from its own resources  additional  amounts for
ongoing  administrative  services and assistance provided to their customers and
clients who are shareholders of the Fund.                                       

DWS-SDI also may provide  some of the above  services and may retain any portion
of the fee under the Services  Agreement not paid to firms to compensate  itself
for shareholder or administrative  functions performed for the Fund.  Currently,
the shareholder  services fee payable to DWS-SDI is payable at an annual rate of
up to 0.25% of net assets  based upon Fund assets in  accounts  for which a firm
provides  administrative  services and at the annual rate of 0.15% of net assets
based upon Fund assets in accounts  for which there is no firm of record  (other
than DWS-SDI) listed on the Fund's records.  The effective  shareholder services
fee rate to be charged against all assets of the Fund while this procedure is in
effect will depend upon the  proportion  of Fund assets that is held in accounts
for which a firm of record provides shareholder services. The Board of the Fund,
in its  discretion,  may approve basing the fee to DWS-SDI at the annual rate of
0.25% on all Fund assets in the future.                                         

For the fiscal year ended  August 31,  2007,  the Fund  aggregated  distribution
fees,  under the Rule 12b-1  plan for its Class C shares,  of  $19,162.  For the
fiscal period July 5, 2006 (commencement of operations) through August 31, 2006,
the Fund aggregated distribution fees, under the Rule 12b-1 plan for its Class C
shares, of $1,499.                                                              

In  addition,  for the fiscal year ended August 31,  2007,  the Fund  aggregated
service  fees of $3,931  and $6,385 on behalf of its Class A and Class C shares,
respectively.  For the fiscal period July 5, 2006  (commencement  of operations)
through  August 31, 2006, the Fund  aggregated  service fees of $504 and $504 on
behalf of its Class A and Class C shares, respectively.                         

35

P-->497484th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 484th
                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

                       Compensation to Underwriter and Firms                                             
                               for Calendar Year 2006                                                    
                               ----------------------                                                    

                                                                  Compensation Paid                      
                          Rule 12b-1 Fees   Contingent Deferred     by DWS-SDI to                        
                               Paid             Sales Charge         Firms from                          
                            to DWS-SDI        Paid to DWS-SDI      Distribution Fee                      
                            ----------        ---------------      ----------------                      

                                                                                                         
DWS International Value                                                                                  
Opportunities Fund                                                                                       
------------------                                                                                       
    Class A                          N/A                $520                   N/A                       
    Class C                       $5,823                  $0                $3,638                       

                               Other Distribution Expenses Paid by Underwriter for Calendar Year 2005    
                               ----------------------------------------------------------------------    
                        Compensation                                                                     
                           Paid by                                                                       
                         DWS-SDI to                                                                      
                         Firms from                                                    Postage           
                         Shareholder   Advertising and  Prospectus   Marketing and       and     Interest
                        Servicing Fee    Literature      Printing    Sales Expenses     Mailing   Expense
                        -------------    ----------      --------         ---------     -------   -------

DWS International Value                                                                                  
Opportunities Fund                                                                                       
------------------                                                                                       
    Class A                  $672             N/A           N/A            N/A         N/A          N/A  
    Class C                $1,114           1,392          $107           $440         $95           $0  

36

P-->497485th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 485th
Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm                                   

The financial highlights of the Fund included in the Fund's Prospectuses and the
financial statements incorporated by reference into this Statement of Additional
Information  have been so included or  incorporated  by reference in reliance on
the report of  PricewaterhouseCoopers  LLP, 125 High Street,  Boston,  MA 02110,
independent  registered  public  accounting firm, given on the authority of said
firm as experts in auditing and  accounting.  PricewaterhouseCoopers  audits the
financial  statements  of the Fund and  provides  other  audit,  tax and related
services.  Shareholders  will receive  annual audited  financial  statements and
semi-annual unaudited financial statements.                                     

Legal Counsel                                                                   

Ropes & Gray LLP, One International  Place,  Boston,  Massachusetts 02110-2624,
serves  as  legal  counsel  to the  Fund and the  Independent  Directors  of the
Corporation.                                                                    

Custodian, Transfer Agent and Shareholder Service Agent

Custodian.  Brown Brothers Harriman and Co. (the "Custodian"),  40 Water Street,
Boston, Massachusetts 02109, serves as the Corporation's custodian pursuant to a
Custodian  Agreement.  Under its custody  agreement  with the  Corporation,  the
Custodian (i) maintains  separate  accounts in the name of the Fund,  (ii) holds
and  transfers  portfolio  securities  on  account  of the Fund,  (iii)  accepts
receipts and makes  disbursements  of money on behalf of the Fund, (iv) collects
and receives all income and other payments and  distributions  on account of the
Fund's portfolio  securities and (v) makes periodic reports to the Corporation's
Board of Directors concerning the Fund's operations. The Custodian is authorized
to  select  one or more  foreign  or  domestic  banks or  companies  to serve as
sub-custodian on behalf of the Fund, pursuant to Rule 17f-5 or the 1940 Act.    

Transfer Agent and Shareholder  Service Agent. DWS Scudder  Investments  Service
Company ("DWS SISC" or the "Transfer Agent"), 210 West 10th Street, Kansas City,
Missouri 64105-1614,  an  affiliate  of the  Advisor,  is the  transfer  agent,
dividend-paying agent and shareholder service agent for all classes of the Fund.

The Transfer  Agent receives an annual service fee for each account of the Fund,
based on the type of account.  For open retail  accounts,  the fee is a flat fee
ranging from $20.00 to $27.50 per account,  for open  wholesale  money funds the
fee is $32.50 per account, while for certain retirement accounts serviced on the
recordkeeping system of ADP, Inc., the fee is a flat fee up to $3.46 per account
(as of October  2006,  indexed to  inflation)  plus an asset  based fee of up to
0.25% of  average  net  assets.  1/12th of the  annual  service  charge for each
account is  charged  and  payable to the  Transfer  Agent each  month.  A fee is
charged for any account  which at any time during the month had a share  balance
in the  Fund.  Smaller  fees are also  charged  for  closed  accounts  for which
information  must be retained on the Transfer Agent's system for up to 18 months
after closing for tax reporting purposes.                                       

Certain  out-of-pocket  expenses  incurred  by  the  Transfer  Agent,  including
expenses of printing and mailing  routine fund  disclosure  documents,  costs of
record retention and transaction  processing costs are reimbursed by the Fund or
are paid  directly  by the  Fund.  Certain  additional  out-of-pocket  expenses,
including costs of computer  hardware and software,  third party  record-keeping
and processing of proxy statements,  may only be reimbursed by the Fund with the
prior approval of the Fund's Board.                                             

Pursuant to a sub-transfer  agency  agreement  between DWS-SISC and DST Systems,
Inc. ("DST"),  DWS-SISC has delegated certain transfer agent and dividend paying
agent  functions to DST. The costs and expenses of such  delegation  are born by
DWS-SISC, not by the Fund.                                                      

The Fund, or the Advisor (including any affiliate of the Advisor),  or both, may
pay   unaffiliated   third  parties  for  providing   recordkeeping   and  other
administrative  services with respect to accounts of  participants in retirement
plans or other  beneficial  owners of Fund shares whose  interests are generally
held in an omnibus account.                                                     

37

P-->497486th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 486th
PORTFOLIO TRANSACTIONS

The Advisor is generally responsible for placing the orders for the purchase and
sale of portfolio  securities,  including  the  allocation  of  brokerage.  With
respect to those  funds for which a  sub-investment  advisor  manages the fund's
investments,  references in this section to the "Advisor" should be read to mean
the Sub-Advisor, except as noted below.                                         

The  policy of the  Advisor  in  placing  orders  for the  purchase  and sale of
securities  for the Funds is to seek best  execution,  taking into  account such
factors,   among  others,   as  price;   commission  (where   applicable);   the
broker-dealer's   ability  to  ensure  that  securities  will  be  delivered  on
settlement date; the willingness of the  broker-dealer to commit its capital and
purchase  a  thinly  traded   security  for  its  own  inventory;   whether  the
broker-dealer   specializes  in  block  orders  or  large  program  trades;  the
broker-dealer's  knowledge of the market and the security;  the  broker-dealer's
ability to  maintain  confidentiality;  the  broker-dealer's  ability to provide
access to new  issues;  the  broker-dealer's  ability  to provide  support  when
placing a difficult trade;  the financial  condition of the  broker-dealer;  and
whether the broker-dealer has the infrastructure and operational capabilities to
execute  and  settle  the trade.  The  Advisor  seeks to  evaluate  the  overall
reasonableness of brokerage  commissions with commissions  charged on comparable
transactions  and compares the brokerage  commissions (if any) paid by the Funds
to reported commissions paid by others. The Advisor routinely reviews commission
rates,  execution  and  settlement  services  performed  and makes  internal and
external comparisons.                                                           

Commission rates on transactions in equity securities on US securities exchanges
are  subject  to  negotiation.   Commission  rates  on  transactions  in  equity
securities on foreign  securities  exchanges are generally fixed.  Purchases and
sales of  fixed-income  securities and certain  over-the-counter  securities are
effected  on  a  net  basis,  without  the  payment  of  brokerage  commissions.
Transactions  in  fixed  income  and  certain  over-the-counter  securities  are
generally  placed by the  Advisor  with the  principal  market  makers for these
securities  unless the Advisor  reasonably  believes more favorable  results are
available elsewhere.  Transactions with dealers serving as market makers reflect
the spread between the bid and asked prices.  Purchases of  underwritten  issues
will  include  an  underwriting  fee  paid  to  the  underwriter.  Money  market
instruments are normally purchased in principal  transactions  directly from the
issuer or from an underwriter or market maker.                                  

It is  likely  that the  broker-dealers  selected  based  on the  considerations
described in this section will include  firms that also sell shares of the Funds
to their  customers.  However,  the Advisor does not consider sales of shares of
the Funds as a factor in the selection of  broker-dealers  to execute  portfolio
transactions  for the Funds  and,  accordingly,  has  implemented  policies  and
procedures  reasonably designed to prevent its traders from considering sales of
shares of the Funds as a factor in the  selection of  broker-dealers  to execute
portfolio transactions for the Funds.                                           

The Advisor is  permitted  by Section  28(e) of the  Securities  Exchange Act of
1934, as amended ("1934 Act"), when placing  portfolio  transactions for a Fund,
to cause the Fund to pay brokerage  commissions  in excess of that which another
broker-dealer might charge for executing the same transaction in order to obtain
research and brokerage  services if the Advisor determines that such commissions
are  reasonable in relation to the overall  services  provided.  The Advisor may
from  time to time,  in  reliance  on  Section  28(e) of the 1934  Act,  execute
portfolio  transactions with  broker-dealers that provide research and brokerage
services to the Advisor.  Consistent  with the Advisor's  policy  regarding best
execution,  where more than one broker is  believed  to be capable of  providing
best execution for a particular  trade, the Advisor may take into  consideration
the receipt of research and brokerage services in selecting the broker-dealer to
execute  the trade.  Although  certain  research  and  brokerage  services  from
broker-dealers may be useful to a Fund and to the Advisor,  it is the opinion of
the Advisor that such information only supplements its own research effort since
the  information  must still be analyzed,  weighed and reviewed by the Advisor's
staff. To the extent that research and brokerage  services of value are received
by the Advisor,  the Advisor may avoid expenses that it might  otherwise  incur.
Research and brokerage  services  received from a broker-dealer may be useful to
the Advisor and its affiliates in providing  investment  management  services to
all or some of its  clients,  which  includes  a Fund.  Services  received  from
broker-dealers  that executed  securities  transactions for a Portfolio will not
necessarily be used by the Advisor specifically to service such Fund.           

Research and brokerage services provided by broker-dealers may include,  but are
not limited to,  information on the economy,  industries,  groups of securities,
individual   companies,   statistical   information,   accounting  and  tax  law

38

P-->497487th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 487th
interpretations,  political developments, legal developments affecting portfolio
securities,  technical  market action,  pricing and appraisal  services,  credit
analysis,  risk measurement  analysis,  performance analysis and measurement and
analysis of corporate responsibility issues. Research and brokerage services are
typically  received  in the form of written  or  electronic  reports,  access to
specialized  financial  publications,  telephone  contacts and personal meetings
with  security  analysts,  but may also be  provided  in the form of  access  to
various  computer  software and meetings  arranged  with  corporate and industry
representatives.                                                                

The Advisor may also select  broker-dealers  and obtain from them  research  and
brokerage  services that are used in connection  with executing  trades provided
that such services are consistent  with  interpretations  under Section 28(e) of
the 1934 Act.  Typically,  these  services  take the form of  computer  software
and/or  electronic  communication  services  used by the  Advisor to  facilitate
trading activity with those broker-dealers.                                     

Research and brokerage services may include products obtained from third parties
if the Advisor determines that such product or service constitutes brokerage and
research as defined in Section 28(e) and interpretations thereunder.  Currently,
it  is  the  Advisor's  policy  that  Sub-Advisors  may  not  execute  portfolio
transactions on behalf of the Funds to obtain third party research and brokerage
services.  The  Advisor  may, in the future,  change  this  policy.  Regardless,
certain  Sub-Advisors may, as matter of internal policy, limit or preclude third
party research and brokerage services.                                          

The Advisor may use brokerage  commissions to obtain certain brokerage  products
or services that have a mixed use (i.e., it also serves a function that does not
relate to the investment  decision-making process). In those circumstances,  the
Advisor  will make a good faith  judgment to evaluate  the various  benefits and
uses to which it  intends to put the mixed use  product or service  and will pay
for that portion of the mixed use product or service that it reasonably believes
does not constitute research and brokerage services with its own resources.     

DIMA will  monitor  regulatory  developments  and market  practice in the use of
client  commissions to obtain research and brokerage services and may adjust its
portfolio transactions policies in response thereto.                            

Investment  decisions for each Fund and for other investment accounts managed by
the  Advisor  are  made  independently  of each  other  in  light  of  differing
conditions. However, the same investment decision may be made for two or more of
such accounts. In such cases,  simultaneous  transactions are inevitable. To the
extent  permitted by law, the Advisor may aggregate the securities to be sold or
purchased  for a Fund with those to be sold or purchased  for other  accounts in
executing  transactions.  Purchases  or sales are then  averaged as to price and
commission  and  allocated  as to amount in a manner  deemed  equitable  to each
account.  While in some cases this practice  could have a detrimental  effect on
the price  paid or  received  by,  or on the size of the  position  obtained  or
disposed of for,  the Fund,  in other  cases it is believed  that the ability to
engage in volume transactions will be beneficial to the Fund.                   

DIMA and its affiliates and the Funds' management team manage other mutual funds
and separate accounts,  some of which use short sales of securities as a part of
its  investment  strategy.  The  simultaneous   management  of  long  and  short
portfolios creates potential conflicts of interest including the risk that short
sale activity could adversely affect the market value of the long positions (and
vice  versa),  the  risk  arising  from  sequential  orders  in long  and  short
positions,  and the risks associated with receiving  opposing orders at the same
time.                                                                           

DIMA has adopted procedures that it believes are reasonably designed to mitigate
these  potential  conflicts  of interest.  Incorporated  in the  procedures  are
specific  guidelines  developed to ensure fair and  equitable  treatment for all
clients. DIMA and the investment team have established monitoring procedures and
a protocol for supervisory  reviews,  as well as compliance  oversight to ensure
that  potential  conflicts  of interest  relating  to this type of activity  are
properly addressed.                                                             

Deutsche Bank AG or one of its affiliates (or in the case of a Sub-Advisor,  the
Sub-Advisor  or one of its  affiliates)  may act as a broker  for the  Funds and
receive brokerage commissions or other transaction-related compensation from the
Funds in the purchase and sale of securities, options or futures contracts when,
in the judgment of the Advisor,  and in accordance with  procedures  approved by
the Funds'  Boards,  the  affiliated  broker  will be able to obtain a price and
execution at least as favorable as those obtained from other  qualified  brokers
and if, in the                                                                  

39

P-->497488th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 488th
transaction, the affiliated broker charges the Funds a rate consistent with that
charged to comparable unaffiliated customers in similar transactions.           

For the fiscal year ended August 31 2007, the Fund paid brokerage commissions in
the amount of $46,906. The Fund did not pay any affiliated brokerage commissions
for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2007.                                      

The Fund is required to  identify  any  securities  of its  "regular  brokers or
dealers"  (as such term is defined  in the 1940 Act) that the Fund has  acquired
during the most recent  fiscal year.  As of August 31,  2007,  the Fund held the
following securities of its regular broker-dealers:                             

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

Name of Regular Broker or Dealer or Parent (Issuer)  Value of Securities Owned as of August 31, 2007
---------------------------------------------------  -----------------------------------------------

                                                                                                    
Lloyds TSB Group PLC                                                 $132,000                       
KBC Group NV                                                         $289,000                       
Nordea Bank AB                                                       $320,000                       
Zurich Financial Services AG                                         $373,000                       
Marfin Investment Group SA                                           $191,000                       

Portfolio Turnover                                                              

Portfolio  turnover  rate is  defined  by the SEC as the ratio of the  lesser of
sales or purchases to the monthly  average value of securities  owned during the
year,  excluding  all  securities  whose  remaining  maturities  at the  time of
acquisition were one year or less.                                              

Higher levels of activity by the Fund result in higher transaction costs and may
also  result  in  taxes on  realized  capital  gains  to be borne by the  Fund's
shareholders.  Purchases and sales are made whenever necessary, in the Advisor's
discretion, to meet the Fund's objective.                                       

For the fiscal year ended August 31, 2007 and for the fiscal period July 5, 2006
(commencement  of  operations)  through  August 31, 2006,  the Fund's  portfolio
turnover rate was 127% and 7% (not annualized), respectively.                   

 PURCHASE AND REDEMPTION OF SHARES

General Information                                                             

Policies and procedures affecting  transactions in Fund shares can be changed at
any  time  without  notice,  subject  to  applicable  law.  Transactions  may be
contingent  upon proper  completion of application  forms and other documents by
shareholders  and their  receipt by the  Fund's  agents.  Transaction  delays in
processing (and changing account features) due to circumstances within or beyond
the  control  of the Fund and its  agents  may  occur.  Shareholders  (or  their
financial  service firms) are responsible for all losses and fees resulting from
bad checks,  cancelled orders or the failure to consummate transactions effected
pursuant to instructions reasonably believed to be genuine.                     

A  distribution  will be  reinvested in shares of the same Fund and class if the
distribution check is returned as undeliverable.                                

Orders  will be  confirmed  at a price  based on the net asset value of the Fund
next determined after receipt in good order by DWS-SDI of the order  accompanied
by payment.  However,  orders  received by dealers or other  financial  services
firms prior to the  determination  of net asset value and received in good order
by DWS-SDI prior to the  determination  of net asset value next determined after
receipt by DWS-SDI  will be  confirmed  at a price  based on the net asset value
("trade date").                                                                 

Certificates. Share certificates will not be issued.                            

40

P-->497489th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 489th
Use of Financial  Services  Firms.  Investment  dealers and other firms  provide
varying arrangements for their clients to purchase and redeem the Fund's shares,
including higher minimum investments,  and may assess transaction or other fees.
Firms may arrange  with their  clients for other  investment  or  administrative
services.  Such firms may independently  establish and charge additional amounts
to their  clients for such  services.  Firms also may hold the Fund's  shares in
nominee or street  name as agent for and on behalf of their  customers.  In such
instances,  the Fund's transfer agent, DWS Scudder  Investments  Service Company
("DWS-SISC" or the "Transfer  Agent"),  will have no information with respect to
or control over the accounts of specific  shareholders.  Such  shareholders  may
obtain access to their accounts and  information  about their accounts only from
their  firm.  Certain  of these  firms may  receive  compensation  from the Fund
through the  Shareholder  Service Agent for  record-keeping  and other  expenses
relating to these nominee accounts. In addition, certain privileges with respect
to the purchase and  redemption of shares or the  reinvestment  of dividends may
not be available  through such firms.  Some firms may  participate  in a program
allowing them access to their clients' accounts for servicing including, without
limitation,  transfers of  registration  and  dividend  payee  changes;  and may
perform functions such as generation of confirmation statements and disbursement
of cash  dividends.  Such firms,  including  affiliates of DWS-SDI,  may receive
compensation  from the Fund  through  the  Shareholder  Service  Agent for these
services.                                                                       

The Fund will be deemed to have received a purchase or redemption  order when an
authorized  broker,  service  organization  or,  if  applicable,  an  authorized
designee,  accepts the order. Shares of the Fund may be purchased or redeemed on
any business  day at the net asset value next  determined  after  receipt of the
order,  in good order,  by the  Transfer  Agent.  Investors  who invest  through
authorized  brokers,  service  organizations or their designated  intermediaries
should submit purchase and redemption  orders directly to their broker,  service
organization or designated  intermediary.  The broker or intermediary may charge
you a transaction fee.                                                          

The Fund has authorized one or more financial  service  institutions,  including
certain members of the Financial Industry  Regulatory  Authority ("FINRA") other
than  the  Distributor  ("financial  institutions"),   to  accept  purchase  and
redemption  orders for the Fund's shares.  Such financial  institutions may also
designate other parties, including plan administrator intermediaries,  to accept
purchase and  redemption  orders on the Fund's  behalf.  Orders for purchases or
redemptions will be deemed to have been received by the Fund when such financial
institutions or, if applicable,  their  authorized  designees accept the orders.
Subject  to the  terms  of the  contract  between  the  Fund  and the  financial
institution, ordinarily orders will be priced at the Fund's net asset value next
computed  after  acceptance  by such  financial  institution  or its  authorized
designees and  acceptance by the Fund.  Further,  if purchases or redemptions of
the Fund's shares are arranged and settlement is made at an investor's  election
through any other authorized financial  institution,  that financial institution
may, at its  discretion,  charge a fee for that service.  The Board of Directors
and the Distributor,  also the Fund's principal underwriter,  each has the right
to limit the amount of purchases  by, and to refuse to sell to, any person.  The
Directors and the Distributor may suspend or terminate the offering of shares of
the Fund at any time for any reason.                                            

DWS-SDI has adopted an Incentive Plan (the "Plan") covering wholesalers that are
regional vice presidents  ("DWS Scudder  Wholesalers").  Generally,  DWS Scudder
Wholesalers  market shares of the DWS funds to your  financial  advisor,  who in
turn may  recommend  that you  purchase  shares  of a DWS  fund.  The Plan is an
incentive program that combines a monthly  incentive  component with a quarterly
strategic bonus component.  Under the Plan, DWS Scudder Wholesalers will receive
a monetary  monthly  incentive based on the amount of sales generated from their
marketing of the funds,  and that incentive will differ depending on the product
category  of  the  fund.   Each  fund  is  assigned  to  one  of  four   product
categories--"Core," "Strategic," "Satellite"   or   "Non-CSS"-taking   into
consideration, among other things, the following criteria, where applicable:    

o        The Fund's 3-year performance;                                         

o        The Fund's Morningstar rating;                                         

o        Market size for the fund category;                                     

o        The Fund's size, including sales and redemptions of the Fund's shares; 

o        The length of time the Fund's Portfolio Managers have managed the Fund;
and                                                           

o        The Fund's consistency with DWS Scudder's branding.                    

41

P-->497490th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 490th
This  information  and other factors are  presented to a committee  comprised of
representatives  from  various  groups  within  DWS  Scudder,  who  review  on a
quarterly basis the funds assigned to each product category described above, and
make any  changes to those  assignments  at that time.  No one  factor,  whether
positive or negative,  determines a fund's  placement in a given  category;  all
these factors together are considered, and the designation of funds in the Core,
Strategic and Satellite categories represents management's judgment based on the
above criteria.  In addition,  management may consider a fund's profile over the
course  of  several  review  periods  before  making  a change  to its  category
assignment.  These  category  assignments  will be posted  quarterly  to the DWS
funds' Web site at www.dws-scudder.com, approximately one month after the end of
each quarter.  DWS Scudder Wholesalers will receive the highest compensation for
Core and Strategic  funds,  less for Satellite  funds and the lowest for Non-CSS
funds.   The  level  of   compensation   among  these   categories   may  differ
significantly.                                                                  

In the normal course of business,  DWS Scudder will from time to time  introduce
new funds into the DWS family of funds. As a general rule, all new funds will be
placed in the  Strategic  compensation  category  for a  minimum  period of four
consecutive quarters, and DWS Scudder Wholesalers will be paid at a rate that is
equivalent to that of the Core Fund  category.  After that four quarter  period,
each new fund in the  Strategic  category  will be reviewed by the committee and
either  assigned to one of the four  categories or continued as a Strategic fund
at that time.                                                                   

The prospect of receiving,  or the receipt of, additional  compensation by a DWS
Scudder  Wholesaler  under the Plan may provide an incentive to favor  marketing
the Core,  Strategic  or  Satellite  funds  over the  Non-CSS  funds.  The Plan,
however,  will not change  the price that you pay for shares of a fund.  The DWS
Scudder  Compliance  Department  monitors DWS Scudder Wholesaler sales and other
activity  in an  effort  to  detect  unusual  activity  in  the  context  of the
compensation  structure under the Plan. However,  investors may wish to take the
Plan  and the  product  category  of the  fund  into  account  when  considering
purchasing a fund or evaluating any recommendations relating to fund shares.    

Telephone  and  Electronic  Transaction  Procedures.  Shareholders  have various
telephone, Internet, wire and other electronic privileges available. The Fund or
its agents will not be liable for any losses,  expenses or costs  arising out of
fraudulent or unauthorized instructions pursuant to these privileges if the Fund
or its agents reasonably believe, based upon reasonable verification procedures,
that the instructions were genuine.  Verification  procedures  include recording
instructions,  requiring  certain  identifying  information  before  acting upon
instructions  and  sending  written  confirmations.  During  periods  when it is
difficult to contact the  Shareholder  Service Agent, it may be difficult to use
telephone, wire and other privileges.                                           

QuickBuy and QuickSell. QuickBuy and QuickSell permits the transfer of money via
the Automated  Clearing House System (minimum $50 and maximum  $250,000) from or
to a shareholder's bank, savings and loan, or credit union account in connection
with the purchase or  redemption  of Fund shares.  Shares  purchased by check or
through  QuickBuy and QuickSell or Direct Deposit may not be redeemed under this
privilege  until  such  Shares  have been owned for at least 10  calendar  days.
QuickBuy and  QuickSell  cannot be used with  passbook  savings  accounts or for
certain tax-deferred plans such as IRAs.                                        

Tax-Sheltered   Retirement   Plans.  The  Shareholder   Service  Agent  provides
retirement plan services and documents and SDI can establish  investor  accounts
in any of the following types of retirement plans:                              

o        403(b)(7)  Custodial  Accounts,  prototype  money purchase  pension and
         profit-sharing  plans.  Forms for existing plans are available  through
the Shareholder Service Agent.                                

Additional fees and transaction policies and procedures may apply to such plans.
Investors  should  consult with their own tax  advisors  before  establishing  a
retirement plan.                                                                

Purchases                                                                       

The Fund  reserves the right to withdraw all or any part of the offering made by
its Prospectuses  and to reject purchase orders for any reason.  Also, from time
to time,  the Fund may  temporarily  suspend  the  offering  of any class       

42

P-->497491st Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 491st
of its shares to new investors.  During the period of such  suspension,  persons
who are  already  shareholders  of the  Fund may be  permitted  to  continue  to
purchase additional shares of such class and to have dividends reinvested.      

To help the  government  fight the  funding of  terrorism  and money  laundering
activities,  federal law requires all financial  institutions to obtain,  verify
and record  information  that identifies  each person who opens an account.  For
more  information,  please see  "Policies  You Should  Know About" in the Fund's
Prospectuses.                                                                   

The Fund may waive the investment minimum, if any, for purchases by a current or
former director or trustee of the DWS mutual funds, an employee,  the employee's
spouse or life  partner  and  children  or  step-children  age 21 or  younger of
Deutsche Bank or its affiliates,  or a sub-advisor to any fund in the DWS family
of funds, or a broker-dealer authorized to sell shares of the funds.            

Financial Services Firms' Compensation. Banks and other financial services firms
may provide  administrative  services  related to order placement and payment to
facilitate transactions in shares of the Fund for their clients, and DWS-SDI may
pay  them a  transaction  fee up to the  level  of the  discount  or  commission
allowable or payable to dealers.                                                

DWS-SDI may,  from time to time,  pay or allow to firms a 1%  commission  on the
amount  of  shares of the Fund sold  under  the  following  conditions:  (i) the
purchased  shares are held in a DWS  Scudder  IRA  account,  (ii) the shares are
purchased as a direct "roll over" of a distribution from a qualified  retirement
plan account  maintained on the subaccount  record keeping system maintained for
DWS-branded  plans  by  ADP,  Inc.  under  an  alliance  with  DWS-SDI  and  its
affiliates, (iii) the registered representative placing the trade is a member of
the   Executive   Council,   a  group  of  persons   designated  by  DWS-SDI  in
acknowledgment  of their  dedication to the employee  benefit plan area and (iv)
the purchase is not otherwise subject to a commission.                          

In  addition  to  the  discounts  or  commissions  described  herein  and in the
Prospectuses,  DWS-SDI may pay or allow  additional  discounts,  commissions  or
promotional  incentives,  in the form of cash,  to firms that sell shares of the
Fund. In some instances,  such amounts may be offered only to certain firms that
sell or are  expected to sell during  specified  time  periods  certain  minimum
amounts of shares of the Fund, or other funds underwritten by DWS-SDI.          

Upon  notice to all  dealers,  DWS-SDI  may  re-allow  to dealers up to the full
applicable Class A sales charge during periods and for transactions specified in
such notice and such re-allowances may be based upon attainment of minimum sales
levels. During periods when 90% or more of the sales charge is re-allowed,  such
dealers  may be deemed to be  underwriters  as that term is  defined in the 1933
Act.                                                                            

DWS-SDI may at its discretion  compensate  investment dealers or other financial
services  firms in  connection  with  the sale of Class A shares  of the Fund in
accordance  with the Large  Order NAV  Purchase  Privilege  and one of the three
compensation schedules up to the following amounts:                             

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

                     Compensation Schedule #1:                               Compensation Schedule #2:       
                     -------------------------                               -------------------------       
             Retail Sales and DWS Scudder Flex Plan(1)                        DWS Retirement Plans(2)        
             --------------------------------------                           --------------------           
Amount of                                       As a Percentage of      Amount of      As a Percentage of Net
Shares Sold                                       Net Asset Value      Shares Sold           Asset Value     
-----------                                       ---------------      -----------           -----------     

                                                                                                             
$1 million to $3 million (equity funds)                1.00%         Over $3 million         0.00%-0.50%     
$1 million - $3 million (fixed income funds)           0.85%                                                 
Over $3 million to $50 million                         0.50%                --                     --        
Over $50 million                                       0.25%                --                     --        

                                       43                                                                    

P-->497492nd Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 492nd
                        Compensation Schedule #3:                                                            
                        -------------------------                                                            
                       DWS Scudder Choice Plan(3)                                                            
                       --------------------------                                                            
Amount of                                        As a Percentage of Net                                      
Shares Sold                                           Asset Value                                            
-----------                                           -----------                                            

All amounts (equity funds)                               1.00%                                               
All amounts (fixed income funds)                         0.85%                                               

(1)       For purposes of determining the appropriate  commission  percentage to
          be applied to a particular sale under the foregoing schedule,  DWS-SDI
          will consider the cumulative  amount  invested by the purchaser in the
          Fund and other funds listed under "Special  Features -- Class A Shares
          -- Combined Purchases,"  including purchases pursuant to the "Combined
Purchases," "Letter of Intent"  and  "Cumulative  Discount"  features
referred to below.                                          

(2)       Compensation Schedule 2 applies to employer sponsored employee benefit
          plans  using  the  OmniPlus  subaccount  record  keeping  system  made
          available  through ADP,  Inc.  under an alliance  with DWS-SDI and its
affiliates.                                                 

(3)       DWS-SDI compensates UBS Financial at a rate of 0.50%.                 

DWS-SDI will no longer advance the first year  distribution  fee and service fee
to firms for sales of Class C shares to employer  sponsored  benefit plans using
the OmniPlus  subaccount  record keeping system made available through ADP, Inc.
under an alliance with DWS-SDI and it affiliates.  DWS-SDI is compensated by the
Fund for services as distributor and principal underwriter for Class C shares.  

Revenue Sharing                                                                 

In light of recent  regulatory  developments,  the Advisor,  the Distributor and
their affiliates have undertaken to furnish certain additional information below
regarding  the  level  of  payments  made  by them to  selected  affiliated  and
unaffiliated  brokers,  dealers,  participating  insurance  companies  or  other
financial  intermediaries  ("financial  advisors") in  connection  with the sale
and/or  distribution  of  Fund  shares  or the  retention  and/or  servicing  of
investors and Fund shares ("revenue sharing").                                  

The  Advisor,  the  Distributor  and/or  their  affiliates  may  pay  additional
compensation,  out of their own  assets and not as an  additional  charge to the
Fund, to financial  advisors in connection with the sale and/or  distribution of
Fund shares or the retention and/or servicing of Fund investors and Fund shares.
Such revenue  sharing  payments are in addition to any  distribution  or service
fees  payable  under any Rule  12b-1 or  service  plan of any fund,  any  record
keeping/sub-transfer  agency/networking  fees  payable  by the  Fund  (generally
through the  Distributor  or an  affiliate)  and/or the  Distributor  to certain
financial   advisors  for  performing  such  services  and  any  sales  charges,
commissions,   non-cash  compensation  arrangements  expressly  permitted  under
applicable  rules of FINRA or other  concessions  described  in the fee table or
elsewhere in the  Prospectuses or the SAI as payable to all financial  advisors.
For example, the Advisor, the Distributor and/or their affiliates may compensate
financial  advisors  for  providing  the Fund with "shelf  space" or access to a
third  party  platform  or fund  offering  list,  or  other  marketing  programs
including, without limitation, inclusion of the Fund on preferred or recommended
sales  lists,  mutual  fund  "supermarket"  platforms  and  other  formal  sales
programs;  granting the  Distributor  access to the  financial  advisor's  sales
force;  granting the Distributor access to the financial  advisor's  conferences
and meetings;  assistance  in training and  educating  the  financial  advisor's
personnel; and, obtaining other forms of marketing support. The level of revenue
sharing payments made to financial advisors may be a fixed fee or based upon one
or more of the following factors:  gross sales,  current assets and/or number of
accounts of the Fund attributable to the financial advisor,  the particular fund
or fund type or other  measures  as agreed to by the  Advisor,  the  Distributor
and/or their affiliates and the financial  advisors or any combination  thereof.
The amount of these payments is determined at the discretion of the Advisor, the
Distributor  and/or their affiliates from time to time, may be substantial,  and
may be different for different  financial  advisors  based on, for example,  the
nature of the services provided by the financial advisor.                       

44

P-->497493rd Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 493rd
The Advisor,  the  Distributor  and/or their  affiliates  currently make revenue
sharing  payments  from  their own  assets in  connection  with the sale  and/or
distribution of DWS Fund shares, or the retention and/or servicing of investors,
to financial  advisors in amounts that  generally  range from .01% up to .50% of
assets of the Fund serviced and  maintained by the  financial  advisor,  .10% to
..25% of sales of the Fund attributable to the financial  advisor, a flat fee of
$12,500 up to $500,000, or any combination thereof. These amounts are subject to
change  at  the  discretion  of  the  Advisor,   the  Distributor  and/or  their
affiliates.   Receipt  of,  or  the  prospect  of  receiving,   this  additional
compensation, may influence your financial advisor's recommendation of this Fund
or of any  particular  share class of the Fund. You should review your financial
advisor's  compensation  disclosure  and/or  talk to your  financial  advisor to
obtain  more  information  on how this  compensation  may have  influenced  your
financial advisor's recommendation of this Fund.                                

The Advisor,  the Distributor and/or their affiliates may also make such revenue
sharing  payments  to  financial  advisors  under the terms  discussed  above in
connection  with  the  distribution  of both  DWS  funds  and  non-DWS  funds by
financial  advisors to retirement plans that obtain record keeping services from
ADP, Inc. on the DWS Scudder branded  retirement plan platform (the  "Platform")
with the level of revenue  sharing  payments  being based upon sales of both the
DWS funds and the  non-DWS  funds by the  financial  advisor on the  Platform or
current  assets  of both  the DWS  funds  and the  non-DWS  funds  serviced  and
maintained by the financial advisor on the Platform.                            

As of the  date  hereof,  the  Fund  has been  advised  that  the  Advisor,  the
Distributor  and their  affiliates  expect that the following firms will receive
revenue sharing payments at different points during the coming year as described
above:                                                                          

Channel: Broker-Dealers and Financial Advisors                                  

A G Edwards & Sons Inc.                                                         
AIG Advisors Group                                                              
Ameriprise                                                                      
Cadaret, Grant & Co. Inc.                                                       
Capital Analyst, Incorporated                                                   
Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (dba Smith Barney)                               
Commonwealth Equity Services, LLP (dba Commonwealth Financial Network)          
First Clearing/Wachovia Securities                                              
HD Vest Investment Securities, Inc.                                             
ING Group                                                                       
LaSalle Financial Services, Inc. (dba ABN Amro)                                 
Linsco/Private Ledger Corp.                                                     
Marsh Insurance and Investment Company                                          
Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Inc.                                      
Morgan Stanley                                                                  
Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.                                                         
Pacific Select Distributors Group                                               
Raymond James & Associates                                                      
Raymond James Financial Services                                                
RBC Dain Rauscher, Inc                                                          
Securities America, Inc.                                                        
UBS Financial Services                                                          
Wells Fargo Investments, LLC                                                    

Channel: Cash Product Platform                                                  

ADP Clearing & Outsourcing                                                      
Allegheny Investments LTD                                                       
Bank of New York (Hare & Co.)                                                   
Bear, Stearns Securities Corp.                                                  
Brown Brothers Harriman                                                         

45

P-->497494th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 494th
Brown Investment Advisory & Trust Company                                       
Cadaret Grant & Co.                                                             
Chicago Mercantile Exchange                                                     
Citibank NA                                                                     
D.A. Davidson & Company                                                         
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.                                                   
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas                                            
Emmett A. Larkin Company                                                        
Fiduciary Trust Co. - International                                             
H.C. Denison Co.                                                                
Huntleigh Securities                                                            
Investors Bank & Trust                                                          
JPMorgan Chase                                                                  
Lincoln Investment Planning                                                     
Linsco Private Ledger Financial Services                                        
Mellon Financial Markets LLC                                                    
Penson Financial Services                                                       
Pershing Choice Platform                                                        
ProFunds Distributors, Inc.                                                     
Romano Brothers and Company                                                     
SAMCO Capital Markets (Fund Services, Inc.)                                     
Smith Moore & Company                                                           
State Street Bank & Trust Co.                                                   
Sungard Institutional Brokerage Inc.                                            
US Bancorp                                                                      
UBS Financial Services Inc.                                                     
William Blair & Company                                                         

Channel: Third Party Insurance Platforms                                        

Acacia National Life Insurance                                                  
Allmerica Financial Life Insurance Company                                      
Allstate Life Insurance Company of New York                                     
Ameritas Life Insurance Group                                                   
American General Life Insurance Company                                         
Annuity Investors Life Insurance Company                                        
Columbus Life Insurance Company                                                 
Commonwealth Annuity and Life Insurance Company                                 
Companion Life Insurance Company                                                
Connecticut General Life Insurance Company                                      
Farmers New World Life Insurance Company                                        
Fidelity Security Life Insurance Company                                        
First Allmerica Financial Life Insurance Company                                
Genworth Life Insurance Company of New York                                     
Genworth Life and Annuity Insurance Company                                     
Great West Life and Annuity Insurance Company                                   
Hartford Life Insurance Company                                                 
ICMG Registered Variable Life                                                   
Integrity Life Insurance Company                                                
John Hancock Life Insurance companies                                           
Kemper Investors Life Insurance Company                                         
Lincoln Benefit Life Insurance Company                                          
Lincoln Life & Annuity Company of New York                                      
Lincoln National Life Insurance Company                                         
Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Group                                       

46

P-->497495th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 495th
MetLife Group                                                                   
Minnesota Life Insurance Company                                                
Mutual of America Life Insurance Company                                        
National Life Insurance Company                                                 
National Integrity Life Insurance Company                                       
Nationwide Group                                                                
New York Life Insurance and Annuity Corporation                                 
Phoenix Life Insurance Company                                                  
Protective Life Insurance                                                       
Provident Mutual Life Insurance                                                 
Prudential Insurance Company of America                                         
Sun Life GroupSymetra Life Insurance Company                                    
Transamerica Life Insurance Company                                             
Union Central Life Insurance Company                                            
United of Omaha Life Insurance Company                                          
United Investors Life Insurance Company                                         
Western Southern Life Assurance Company                                         

Any additions,  modifications or deletions to the financial advisors  identified
above that have occurred since the date hereof are not reflected.               

The Advisor,  the  Distributor  or their  affiliates  may enter into  additional
revenue sharing arrangements or change or discontinue existing arrangements with
financial advisors at any time without notice.                                  

The  prospect  of  receiving,  or the  receipt  of  additional  compensation  or
promotional  incentives  described above by financial  advisors may provide such
financial advisors and/or their salespersons with an incentive to favor sales of
shares of the DWS Funds or a particular  DWS Fund over sales of shares of mutual
funds (or  non-mutual  fund  investments)  with  respect to which the  financial
advisor does not receive additional compensation or promotional  incentives,  or
receives  lower levels of additional  compensation  or  promotional  incentives.
Similarly,  financial advisors may receive different  compensation or incentives
that may influence  their  recommendation  of any particular  share class of the
Fund or of other funds. These payment arrangements, however, will not change the
price that an investor pays for Fund shares or the amount that the Fund receives
to invest on behalf of an investor and will not increase Fund expenses.  You may
wish to take  such  payment  arrangements  into  account  when  considering  and
evaluating  any  recommendations  relating to Fund shares and you should discuss
this matter with your  financial  advisor  and review your  financial  advisor's
disclosures.                                                                    

Class A Purchases.  The public  offering  price of Class A shares for purchasers
choosing  the initial  sales  charge  alternative  is the net asset value plus a
sales charge, as set forth below.                                               

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

                                                           Sales Charge                           
                                                           ------------                           
                                                                           Allowed to Dealers as a
                                   As a Percentage of  As a Percentage of  Percentage of Offering 
Amount of Purchase                    Offering Price    Net Asset Value*            Price         
------------------                    --------------    ----------------            -----         

                                                                                                  
Less than $50,000                          5.75%               6.10%                    5.20%     
$50,000 but less than $100,000             4.50                4.71                     4.00      
$100,000 but less than $250,000            3.50                3.63                     3.00      
$250,000 but less than $500,000            2.60                2.67                     2.25      
$500,000 but less than $1 million          2.00                2.04                     1.75      
$1 million and over                        0.00**              0.00**                   0.00***   

*        Rounded to the nearest one-hundredth percent.                          

47

P-->497496th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 496th
**       Redemption  of shares  may be subject to a  contingent  deferred  sales
charge ad discussed below.                                    

***      Commission is payable by DWS-SDI as discussed below.                   

Class A NAV Sales. Class A shares may be sold at net asset value to:            

(a)      a current  or former  director  or trustee  of  Deutsche  or DWS mutual
funds;                                                        

(b)      an  employee  (including  the  employee's  spouse or life  partner  and
         children or  stepchildren  age 21 or  younger) of Deutsche  Bank or its
         affiliates or of a subadvisor to any fund in the DWS family of funds or
         of a  broker-dealer  authorized  to sell  shares of the Fund or service
agents of the Funds;                                          

(c)      certain  professionals  who assist in the promotion of DWS mutual funds
         pursuant to personal services contracts with DWS-SDI, for themselves or
         members of their  families.  DWS-SDI in its  discretion  may compensate
         financial  services  firms  for  sales  of Class A  shares  under  this
         privilege at a commission rate of 0.50% of the amount of Class A shares
purchased;                                                    

(d)      any trust, pension,  profit-sharing or other benefit plan for only such
persons listed under the preceding paragraphs (a) and (b);    

(e)      persons who purchase such shares  through bank trust  departments  that
         process  such  trades  through an  automated,  integrated  mutual  fund
clearing program provided by a third party clearing firm;     

(f)      selected  employees  (including  their  spouses  or life  partners  and
         children  or  stepchildren  age  21 or  younger)  of  banks  and  other
         financial services firms that provide  administrative  services related
         to order placement and payment to facilitate  transactions in shares of
         the Fund for their clients pursuant to an agreement with DWS-SDI or one
         of its  affiliates.  Only those employees of such banks and other firms
         who  as  part  of  their  usual  duties  provide  services  related  to
transactions in Fund shares qualify;                          

(g)      unit  investment  trusts  sponsored  by Ranson &  Associates,  Inc. and
         unitholders of unit investment trusts sponsored by Ranson & Associates,
         Inc. or its predecessors through reinvestment programs described in the
prospectuses of such trusts that have such programs;          

(h)      through certain  investment  advisors  registered  under the Investment
         Advisers Act of 1940 and other  financial  services firms acting solely
         as  agent  for  their  clients,   that  adhere  to  certain   standards
         established  by DWS-SDI,  including a  requirement  that such shares be
         sold for the benefit of their  clients  participating  in an investment
         advisory program or agency commission  program under which such clients
         pay a fee to  the  investment  advisor  or  other  firm  for  portfolio
         management  or agency  brokerage  services.  Such  shares  are sold for
         investment  purposes and on the condition  that they will not be resold
except through redemption or repurchase by the Fund;          

(i)      employer  sponsored  employee  benefit plans using the Flex  subaccount
         recordkeeping system ("Flex Plans") made available through ADP under an
         alliance with DWS-SDI and its affiliates,  established prior to October
1, 2003,  provided  that the Flex Plan is a  participant-directed  plan
that has not less than 200 eligible employees;                

(j)      investors investing $1 million or more, either as a lump sum or through
         the "Combined  Purchases," "Letter of Intent" and "Cumulative Discount"
         features referred to above (collectively, the "Large Order NAV Purchase
         Privilege"). The Large Order NAV Purchase Privilege is not available if
another net asset value purchase privilege is available;      

(k)      defined contribution investment only plans with a minimum of $1,000,000
     in plan assets regardless of the amount allocated to the DWS funds;

48

P-->497497th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 497th
In addition, Class A shares may be sold at net asset value in connection with:  

(l)      the  acquisition  of the  assets  of or merger  or  consolidation  with
         another investment  company,  or to shareholders in connection with the
         investment or reinvestment  of income and capital gain  dividends,  and
         under other circumstances  deemed appropriate by DWS-SDI and consistent
with regulatory requirements; and                             

(m)      a  direct  "roll  over"  of a  distribution  from a Flex  Plan  or from
         participants in employer sponsored employee benefit plans maintained on
         the OmniPlus  subaccount  record keeping system made available  through
         ADP, Inc. under an alliance with DWS-SDI and its affiliates  into a DWS
Scudder IRA;                                                  

(n)      reinvestment of fund dividends and distributions;                      

(o)      exchanging  an  investment in Class A shares of another fund in the DWS
family of funds for an investment in the fund.                

Class A shares also may be purchased at net asset value in any amount by members
of the plaintiff class in the proceeding known as Howard and Audrey Tabankin, et
al. v. Kemper  Short-Term  Global  Income Fund, et al., Case No. 93 C 5231 (N.D.
IL). This privilege is generally non-transferable and continues for the lifetime
of individual class members and for a ten-year period for  non-individual  class
members.  To make a  purchase  at net asset  value  under  this  privilege,  the
investor  must,  at the time of  purchase,  submit a  written  request  that the
purchase be processed at net asset value pursuant to this privilege specifically
identifying the purchaser as a member of the "Tabankin  Class." Shares purchased
under this privilege will be maintained in a separate account that includes only
shares  purchased  under  this  privilege.  For  more  details  concerning  this
privilege,  class members should refer to the Notice of (i) Proposed  Settlement
with Defendants;  and (ii) Hearing to Determine Fairness of Proposed Settlement,
dated  August 31,  1995,  issued in  connection  with the  aforementioned  court
proceeding.  For  sales of Fund  shares  at net  asset  value  pursuant  to this
privilege,  DWS-SDI  may in its  discretion  pay  investment  dealers  and other
financial services firms a concession,  payable quarterly,  at an annual rate of
up to 0.25% of net assets attributable to such shares maintained and serviced by
the firm.  A firm  becomes  eligible  for the  concession  based upon  assets in
accounts  attributable  to shares  purchased  under this  privilege in the month
after the month of purchase and the  concession  continues  until  terminated by
DWS-SDI.  The  privilege of  purchasing  Class A shares of the Fund at net asset
value under this  privilege is not available if another net asset value purchase
privilege also applies.                                                         

Class A  Quantity  Discounts.  An  investor  or the  investor's  dealer or other
financial  services  firm must notify the  Shareholder  Service Agent or DWS-SDI
whenever  a  quantity  discount  or  reduced  sales  charge is  applicable  to a
purchase.  In order to qualify  for a lower  sales  charge,  all orders  from an
organized  group will have to be placed  through a single  investment  dealer or
other firm and identified as originating from a qualifying purchaser.           

Letter of Intent.  The reduced sales charges for Class A shares, as shown in the
Prospectus, also apply to the aggregate amount of purchases of Class A shares of
DWS Funds  that bear a sales  charge  made by any  purchaser  within a  24-month
period  under a written  Letter of Intent  ("Letter")  provided by DWS-SDI.  The
Letter,  which  imposes no  obligation  to purchase or sell  additional  Class A
shares,  provides  for a price  adjustment  depending  upon  the  actual  amount
purchased  within  such  period.  The Letter  provides  that the first  purchase
following  execution  of the  Letter  must be at least 5% of the  amount  of the
intended  purchase,  and that 5% of the amount of the intended purchase normally
will be held in escrow in the form of shares pending  completion of the intended
purchase.  If the total  investments under the Letter are less than the intended
amount and thereby  qualify only for a higher sales charge than  actually  paid,
the  appropriate  number of escrowed  shares are redeemed and the proceeds  used
toward  satisfaction  of the obligation to pay the increased  sales charge.  The
Letter  for  an  employer-sponsored  employee  benefit  plan  maintained  on the
subaccount  record keeping system available  through ADP, Inc. under an alliance
with DWS-SDI and its affiliates may have special provisions regarding payment of
any  increased  sales charge  resulting  from a failure to complete the intended
purchase under the Letter.  A shareholder  may include the value (at the maximum
offering price,  which is determined by adding the maximum applicable sales load
charged to the net asset  value) of all Class A shares of such DWS Funds held of
record as of the  initial  purchase  date under the  Letter as an  "accumulation
credit" toward the  completion of the Letter,  but no price  adjustment  will be
made on such shares.                                                            

49

P-->497498th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 498th
Class A Cumulative Discount. Class A shares of the Fund may also be purchased at
the rate  applicable to the discount  bracket  attained by adding to the cost of
shares being purchased, the value of all Class A shares of DWS Funds that bear a
sales charge (computed at the maximum offering price at the time of the purchase
for which the discount is  applicable)  already  owned by the investor or his or
her immediate family member (including the investor's spouse or life partner and
children or stepchildren age 21 or younger).                                    

Combined  Purchases.  The  Fund's  Class A shares may be  purchased  at the rate
applicable to the sales charge discount  bracket  attained by combining same day
investments in Class A shares of any DWS Funds that bear a sales charge.        

For purposes of the Combined Purchases, Letter of Intent and Cumulative Discount
features  described above,  employer  sponsored employee benefit plans using the
Flex  subaccount  record  keeping  system  available  through ADP, Inc. under an
alliance with DWS-SDI and its affiliates may include:  (a) Money Market Funds as
"DWS Funds",  (b) all classes of shares of any DWS Fund and (c) the value of any
other plan  investments,  such as guaranteed  investment  contracts and employer
stock,  maintained on such subaccount record keeping system.  Once eligible plan
assets under the provision  reach the $1,000,000  threshold,  a later decline in
assets  below the  $1,000,000  threshold  will not affect the plan's  ability to
continue to purchase Class A shares at net asset value.                         

Class C Purchases. Class C shares of the Fund are offered at net asset value. No
initial sales charge is be imposed. Class C shares sold without an initial sales
charge  will  allow the full  amount of the  investor's  purchase  payment to be
invested in Class C shares for his or her account. Class C shares continue to be
subject to a contingent  deferred  sales charge of 1.00% (for shares sold within
one year of purchase) and Rule 12b-1 fees, as described in the Fund's Prospectus
and Statement of Additional Information.                                        

Purchase of Institutional Class Shares.  Information on how to buy Institutional
Class shares is set forth in the section entitled "Buying and Selling Shares" in
the Fund's Prospectus.  The following supplements that information.  The minimum
initial  investment for  Institutional  Class shares is $1,000,000.  There is no
minimum subsequent  investment  requirement for the Institutional  Class shares.
This minimum amount may be changed at any time in management's discretion.      

Investors who invest through authorized brokers,  service organizations or their
designated  intermediaries should submit purchase and redemption orders directly
to their broker, service organization or designated intermediary.  The broker or
intermediary  may charge you a transaction  fee. The Fund will be deemed to have
received a purchase  or  redemption  order when an  authorized  broker,  service
organization  or, if  applicable,  an  authorized  designee,  accepts the order.
Shares of the Fund may be  purchased  or redeemed on any Business Day at the net
asset  value next  determined  after  receipt of the order,  in good  order,  by
DWS-SISC.                                                                       

Multi-Class  Suitability.  DWS-SDI  has  established  the  following  procedures
regarding the purchase of Class A and Class C shares. Orders to purchase Class C
shares  of  $500,000  or more  will be  declined  with the  exception  of orders
received  from firms acting for clients  whose shares will be held in an omnibus
account and employer-sponsored  employee benefit plans using the Flex subaccount
record keeping system ("Flex  System")  maintained by ADP under an alliance with
DWS-SDI and its affiliates ("DWS Scudder Flex Plans").                          

The following provisions apply to DWS Scudder Flex Plans.                       

a.        Class C Share DWS  Scudder  Flex  Plans.  Orders to  purchase  Class C
          shares for a DWS Scudder Flex Plan,  regardless  of when such plan was
          established  on the Flex System,  will be invested  instead in Class A
          shares at net asset value when the  combined  subaccount  value in DWS
          Funds or other eligible assets held by the plan is $1,000,000 or more.
          This  provision  will be imposed for the first purchase after eligible
          plan assets reach the $1,000,000 threshold.  A later decline in assets
          below the  $1,000,000  threshold will not affect the plan's ability to
continue to purchase Class A shares at net asset value.     

b.       Class C Share DWS Scudder  Choice  Plans.  Orders to  purchase  Class C
         shares for a DWS Scudder Choice Plan that has been regularly purchasing
         Class C shares will be invested  instead in Class A shares at net asset
         value when the combined subaccount value in DWS Funds or other eligible
assets held by the plan is                                    

50

P-->497499th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 499th
         $1,000,000 or more.  This  provision will be imposed for purchases made
         beginning in the month after  eligible plan assets reach the $1,000,000
         threshold.  In addition,  as a condition to being  permitted to use the
         Choice Plan  platform,  plans must agree  that,  within one month after
         eligible plan assets reach the $1,000,000 threshold, all existing Class
         C shares held in the plan will be  automatically  converted  to Class A
shares.                                                       

The procedures  above do not reflect in any way the  suitability of a particular
class of shares for a particular investor and should not be relied upon as such.
A suitability  determination  must be made by investors  with the  assistance of
their financial representative.                                                 

To sell shares in a retirement  account  other than an IRA, your request must be
made in writing,  except for exchanges to other eligible funds in the DWS family
of funds, which can be requested by phone or in writing.                        

To sell  shares by bank wire you will  need to sign up for these  services  when
completing your account application.                                            

Automatic Investment Plan. A shareholder may purchase shares of the Fund through
an automatic investment program.  With the Direct Deposit Purchase Plan ("Direct
Deposit"), investments are made automatically (minimum $500 and maximum $250,000
for initial investments and a minimum of $50 and maximum $250,000 for subsequent
investments)  from the  shareholder's  account  at a bank,  savings  and loan or
credit union into the shareholder's  Fund account.  Termination by a shareholder
will become effective within thirty days after the Shareholder Service Agent has
received the request. The Fund may immediately  terminate a shareholder's Direct
Deposit  in the event  that any item is unpaid  by the  shareholder's  financial
institution.                                                                    

Minimum Subsequent  Investment Policies.  For current shareholders of Class A or
Class C shares  there is a $50 minimum  investment  requirement  for  subsequent
investments in the fund. There is no minimum subsequent  investment  requirement
in Class A shares for investments on behalf of participants in certain fee-based
and wrap  programs  offered  through  financial  intermediaries  approved by the
Advisor or for Institutional Class shareholders.                                

Payroll  Investment  Plans. A shareholder  may purchase  shares through  Payroll
Direct Deposit or Government  Direct  Deposit.  Under these  programs,  all or a
portion of a shareholder's  net pay or government check is invested each payment
period.  A shareholder may terminate  participation  in these programs by giving
written  notice  to  the  shareholder's   employer  or  government   agency,  as
appropriate. (A reasonable time to act is required.) The Fund is not responsible
for the  efficiency of the employer or  government  agency making the payment or
any financial institutions transmitting payments.                               

Redemptions                                                                     

The Fund  will  impose a  redemption  fee of 2% of the total  redemption  amount
(calculated  at net asset value,  without regard to the effect of any contingent
deferred sales charge; any contingent  deferred sales charge is also assessed on
the  total  redemption  amount  without  regard  to  the  assessment  of  the 2%
redemption  fee) on all Fund  shares  redeemed  or  exchanged  within 15 days of
buying  them  (either by  purchase  or  exchange).  The  redemption  fee is paid
directly to the Fund, and is designed to encourage  long-term  investment and to
offset  transaction  and other costs  associated  with  short-term  or excessive
trading. For purposes of determining whether the redemption fee applies,  shares
held the longest  time will be treated as being  redeemed  first and shares held
the shortest time will be treated as being  redeemed last. The redemption fee is
applicable  to Fund  shares  purchased  either  directly  or through a financial
intermediary,   such  as  a  broker-dealer.   Transactions   through   financial
intermediaries  typically  are  placed  with the Fund on an  omnibus  basis  and
include  both  purchase  and sale  transactions  placed on  behalf  of  multiple
investors. These purchase and sale transactions are generally netted against one
another and placed on an aggregate  basis;  consequently  the  identities of the
individuals on whose behalf the  transactions are placed generally are not known
to the Fund.  For this  reason,  the Fund has  undertaken  to  notify  financial
intermediaries  of their  obligation  to assess the  redemption  fee on customer
accounts  and to collect  and remit the  proceeds to the Fund.  However,  due to
operational   requirements,   the  intermediaries'   methods  for  tracking  and
calculating the fee may be inadequate or differ in some respects from the Fund. 

51

P-->497500th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 500th
Policies and procedures affecting  transactions in fund shares can be changed at
any  time  without  notice,  subject  to  applicable  law.  Transactions  may be
contingent  upon proper  completion of application  forms and other documents by
shareholders  and their  receipt by the  Fund's  agents.  Transaction  delays in
processing (and changing account features) due to circumstances within or beyond
the  control  of the Fund and its  agents  may  occur.  Shareholders  (or  their
financial  service firms) are responsible for all losses and fees resulting from
bad checks,  cancelled orders or the failure to consummate transactions effected
pursuant to instructions reasonably believed to be genuine.                     

A  distribution  will be  reinvested in shares of the same fund and class if the
distribution check is returned as undeliverable.                                

Orders will be confirmed at a price based on the net asset value  (including any
applicable sales charge) of the Fund next determined after receipt in good order
by DWS-SDI of the order  accompanied  by payment.  However,  orders  received by
dealers or other  financial  services  firms prior to the  determination  of net
asset  value and  received  in good order by  DWS-SDI  prior to the close of its
business day will be confirmed at a price based on the net asset value effective
on that day ("trade date").                                                     

The Fund may suspend the right of  redemption  or delay  payment more than seven
days (a) during any period  when the  Exchange  is closed  other than  customary
weekend  and  holiday  closings  or during  any  period in which  trading on the
Exchange  is  restricted,  (b) during any period when an  emergency  exists as a
result  of which  (i)  disposal  of the  Fund's  investments  is not  reasonably
practicable,  or (ii) it is not reasonably practicable for the Fund to determine
the value of its net  assets,  or (c) for such  other  periods as the SEC may by
order permit for the protection of the Fund's shareholders.                     

A  request  for  repurchase  (confirmed  redemption)  may be  communicated  by a
shareholder  through a  financial  services  firm to  DWS-SDI,  which firms must
promptly submit orders to be effective.                                         

Redemption  requests  must be  unconditional.  Redemption  requests (and a stock
power for certificated  shares) must be duly endorsed by the account holder.  As
specified  in the  Prospectuses,  signatures  may  need  to be  guaranteed  by a
commercial bank, trust company,  savings and loan  association,  federal savings
bank,  member  firm  of  a  national  securities  exchange  or  other  financial
institution  permitted by SEC rule.  Additional  documentation  may be required,
particularly  from   institutional  and  fiduciary  account  holders,   such  as
corporations,  custodians  (e.g.,  under the Uniform  Transfers  to Minors Act),
executors, administrators, trustees or guardians.                               

If the proceeds of the  redemption  (prior to the  imposition of any  contingent
deferred  sales charge) are $100,000 or less and the proceeds are payable to the
shareholder of record at the address of record,  normally a telephone request or
a written  request by any one account  holder  without a signature  guarantee is
sufficient for  redemptions by individual or joint account  holders,  and trust,
executor  and  guardian  account  holders,  provided  the  trustee,  executor or
guardian  is named in the  account  registration.  Other  institutional  account
holders may  exercise  this special  privilege of redeeming  shares by telephone
request or  written  request  without  signature  guarantee  subject to the same
conditions as individual account holders,  provided that this privilege has been
pre-authorized by the institutional account holder by written instruction to the
Shareholder Service Agent with signatures guaranteed.  This privilege may not be
used to  redeem  shares  held in  certificated  form  and may not be used if the
shareholder's account has had an address change within 15 days of the redemption
request.                                                                        

Wires.  Delivery of the proceeds of a wire redemption of $250,000 or more may be
delayed by the Fund for up to seven days if the Fund or the Shareholder  Service
Agent deems it appropriate under then-current market conditions.  The ability to
send wires is limited by the business hours and holidays of the firms  involved.
The Fund is not responsible for the efficiency of the federal wire system or the
account  holder's  financial  services  firm or  bank.  The  account  holder  is
responsible  for any charges  imposed by the account  holder's  firm or bank. To
change the  designated  account  to receive  wire  redemption  proceeds,  send a
written request to the Fund Shareholder Service Agent with signatures guaranteed
as described above or contact the firm through which Fund shares were purchased.

Automatic  Withdrawal Plan. The owner of $5,000 or more of a class of the Fund's
shares at the  offering  price (net  asset  value  plus,  in the case of Class A
shares,  the initial  sales charge) may provide for the payment from the owner's
account of any  requested  dollar amount to be paid to the owner or a designated
payee monthly,  quarterly,                                                      

52

P-->497501st Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 501st
semiannually  or annually.  The $5,000 minimum account size is not applicable to
IRAs.  The minimum  periodic  payment is $50.  The maximum  annual rate at which
shares,  subject to CDSC may be  redeemed  is 12% of the net asset  value of the
account.   Shares  are  redeemed  so  that  the  payee  should  receive  payment
approximately on the first of the month. Investors using this Plan must reinvest
Fund distributions.                                                             

Non-retirement plan shareholders may establish an Automatic Withdrawal Plan (the
"Plan") to receive  monthly,  quarterly or periodic  redemptions from his or her
account for any  designated  amount of $50 or more.  Shareholders  may designate
which day they want the automatic withdrawal to be processed.  The check amounts
may be based on the  redemption  of a fixed dollar  amount,  fixed share amount,
percent of account  value or  declining  balance.  The Plan  provides for income
dividends  and  capital  gains  distributions,  if  any,  to  be  reinvested  in
additional  shares.  Shares are then  liquidated  as  necessary  to provide  for
withdrawal  payments.  Since the  withdrawals  are in  amounts  selected  by the
investor and have no relationship to yield or income,  payments  received cannot
be  considered  as  yield  or  income  on  the   investment  and  the  resulting
liquidations may deplete or possibly  extinguish the initial  investment and any
reinvested dividends and capital gains distributions.  Any such requests must be
received  by the Fund's  transfer  agent ten days prior to the date of the first
automatic withdrawal. An Automatic Withdrawal Plan may be terminated at any time
by the  shareholder,  the  Trust or its  agent on  written  notice,  and will be
terminated  when all Shares of the Fund under the Plan have been  liquidated  or
upon receipt by the Trust of notice of death of the shareholder.                

The purchase of Class A shares while  participating  in a systematic  withdrawal
plan will  ordinarily be  disadvantageous  to the investor  because the investor
will be paying a sales  charge on the  purchase  of shares at the same time that
the investor is redeeming shares upon which a sales charge may have already been
paid.  Therefore,  the Fund will not knowingly permit additional  investments of
less  than  $2,000  if  the  investor  is at the  same  time  making  systematic
withdrawals.                                                                    

Contingent  Deferred Sales Charge (CDSC).  The following example will illustrate
the operation of the CDSC.  Assume that an investor  makes a single  purchase of
$10,000 of the Fund's  Class C shares and that 16 months  later the value of the
shares has grown by $1,000  through  reinvested  dividends  and by an additional
$1,000 of share appreciation to a total of $12,000. If the investor were then to
redeem the entire  $12,000 in share  value,  the CDSC would be payable only with
respect to $10,000  because  neither the $1,000 of reinvested  dividends nor the
$1,000 of share  appreciation  is subject to the charge.  The charge would be at
the rate of 3.00%  ($300)  because it was in the second year after the  purchase
was made.                                                                       

The rate of the CDSC is  determined  by the length of the  period of  ownership.
Investments  are tracked on a monthly  basis.  The period of ownership  for this
purpose  begins the first day of the month in which the order for the investment
is received.  For example, an investment made in March of the year of investment
will be eligible for the second  year's  charge if redeemed on or after March of
the following  year. In the event no specific  order is requested when redeeming
shares  subject  to a  CDSC,  the  redemption  will be made  first  from  shares
representing reinvested dividends and then from the earliest purchase of shares.
DWS-SDI  receives  any  CDSC  directly.  The  charge  will not be  imposed  upon
redemption of reinvested dividends or share appreciation.                       

The Class A CDSC will be waived in the event of:                                

(a)      redemptions  by  a   participant-directed   qualified  retirement  plan
         described in Code Section 401(a), a participant-directed  non-qualified
         deferred   compensation  plan  described  in  Code  Section  457  or  a
         participant-directed   qualified  retirement  plan  described  in  Code
     Section 403(b)(7) which is not sponsored by a K-12 school district;

(b)      redemptions  by  employer-sponsored  employee  benefit  plans using the
         subaccount record keeping system made available through ADP, Inc. under
an alliance with DWS-SDI and its affiliates;                  

(c)      redemption  of shares of a  shareholder  (including a registered  joint
   owner) who has died or is disabled (under certain circumstances);

53

P-->497502nd Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 502nd
(d)      redemption  of shares of a  shareholder  (including a registered  joint
         owner) who after purchase of the shares being redeemed  becomes totally
         disabled  (as  evidenced  by a  determination  by  the  federal  Social
Security Administration);                                     

(e)      redemptions under the Fund's Automatic  Withdrawal Plan at a maximum of
12% per year of the net asset value of the account;           

(f)      redemptions  of  shares  whose  dealer  of  record  at the  time of the
         investment  notifies  DWS-SDI that the dealer waives the  discretionary
commission applicable to such Large Order NAV Purchase; and   

(g)      redemptions for certain loan advances,  hardship  provisions or returns
of excess contributions from retirement plans.                

The Class C CDSC will be waived  for the  circumstances  set forth in items (b),
(c), (d), (e) and (g) for Class A shares. In addition,  this CDSC will be waived
for:                                                                            

(h)       for redemptions  made pursuant to any IRA systematic  withdrawal based
          on the shareholder's  life expectancy  including,  but not limited to,
          substantially  equal periodic  payments  described in Internal Revenue
Code Section 72(t)(2)(A)(iv) prior to age 59 1/2;           

(i)       for redemptions to satisfy required minimum distributions after age 70
          1/2 from an IRA  account  (with the  maximum  amount  subject  to this
          waiver  being  based  only  upon the  shareholder's  DWS  Scudder  IRA
accounts); and                                              

(j)       redemption of shares by an employer  sponsored  employee  benefit plan
          that offers  funds in addition to DWS Funds and whose dealer of record
          has waived the  advance of the first year  administrative  service and
          distribution fees applicable to such shares and agrees to receive such
fees quarterly, and                                         

(k)       redemption  of  shares  purchased  through  a  dealer-sponsored  asset
          allocation  program  maintained  on an omnibus  record-keeping  system
          provided the dealer of record had waived the advance of the first year
          administrative  services  and  distribution  fees  applicable  to such
shares and has agreed to receive such fees quarterly.       

Exchanges                                                                       

Shareholders  may request a taxable  exchange of their  shares for shares of the
corresponding  class of other DWS Funds  without  imposition  of a sales charge,
subject to the provisions  below. For purposes of calculating any CDSC,  amounts
exchanged retain their original cost and purchase date.                         

Shares of money  market  funds that were  acquired  by purchase  (not  including
shares acquired by dividend  reinvestment)  are subject to the applicable  sales
charge on exchange.  Series of DWS Target Fund are  available  on exchange  only
during  the  offering  period for such  series as  described  in the  applicable
prospectus.  Cash Management Fund Investment, Tax Free Money Fund Investment, NY
Tax-Free Money Fund Investment,  Treasury Money Fund -- Class Investment,  Money
Market Fund Investment,  Cash Management Fund Institutional,  Cash Reserves Fund
Institutional,  Treasury Money Fund --  Institutional,  Cash Reserve Fund,  Inc.
Prime Series,  Cash Reserve Fund, Inc.  Treasury Series,  Tax-Exempt  California
Money Market Fund,  Cash Account Trust and Investors Cash Trust are available on
exchange but only through a financial  services firm having a services agreement
with DWS-SDI.  All  exchanges  among money funds must meet  applicable  investor
eligibility  and investment  requirements.  Exchanges may only be made for funds
that are available for sale in the shareholder's state of residence.  Currently,
Tax-Exempt   California  Money  Market  Fund  is  available  for  sale  only  in
California.                                                                     

Shareholders  must obtain  prospectuses of the fund or funds they are exchanging
into from dealers, other firms or DWS-SDI.                                      

54

P-->497503rd Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 503rd
Automatic Exchange Plan. The owner of $1,000 or more of any class of shares of a
DWS Fund may  authorize  the  automatic  exchange  of a  specified  amount  ($50
minimum) of such  shares for shares of the same class of another  such DWS Fund.
Exchanges  will  be  made  automatically  until  the  shareholder  or  the  fund
terminates  the  privilege.  Exchanges  are subject to the terms and  conditions
described above.                                                                

In-kind  Redemptions.  The Fund  reserves  the  right to honor any  request  for
redemption or repurchase  by making  payment in whole or in part in  securities.
These  securities will be chosen by the fund and valued as they are for purposes
of computing  the Fund's net asset value.  A shareholder  may incur  transaction
expenses in converting these securities to cash.                                

 DIVIDENDS

The Fund intends to follow the practice of distributing substantially all of its
investment  company  taxable  income,  which includes any excess of net realized
short-term  capital gains over net realized  long-term capital losses.  The Fund
may follow the  practice  of  distributing  the  entire  excess of net  realized
long-term capital gains over net realized  short-term  capital losses.  However,
the Fund may retain all or part of such gain for reinvestment,  after paying the
related federal taxes for which  shareholders may then be able to claim a credit
against their federal tax liability.  If the Fund does not distribute the amount
of capital gain and/or  ordinary  income required to be distributed by an excise
tax  provision  of the Code,  the Fund may be subject  to that  excise  tax.  In
certain  circumstances,  the Fund may  determine  that it is in the  interest of
shareholders to distribute less than the required amount.                       

The  Fund  intends  to  distribute  dividends  from  its net  investment  income
excluding  short-term  capital gains  annually in December.  The Fund intends to
distribute  net  realized  capital  gains  after  utilization  of  capital  loss
carryforwards,  if any, in December to prevent  application  of a federal excise
tax. An additional distribution may be made, if necessary.                      

Any dividends or capital gains  distributions  declared in October,  November or
December  with a record  date in such a month  and  paid  during  the  following
January will be treated by  shareholders  for federal  income tax purposes as if
received on December 31 of the calendar year declared.                          

The level of income  dividends  per share (as a  percentage  of net asset value)
will be lower for Class C shares than for Class A shares  primarily  as a result
of the distribution services fee applicable to Class C shares.  Distributions of
capital gains, if any, will be paid in the same amount for each class.          

Income and  capital  gain  dividends,  if any,  of the Fund will be  credited to
shareholder accounts in full and fractional shares of the same class of the Fund
at net asset value on the reinvestment  date,  except that, upon written request
to the Shareholder  Service Agent, a shareholder may select one of the following
options:                                                                        

1.        To receive  income and  short-term  capital gain dividends in cash and
          long-term  capital  gain  dividends in shares of the same class at net
asset value; or                                             

2.        To receive income and capital gain dividends in cash.                 

Dividends  will be  reinvested  in shares of the same  class of the Fund  unless
shareholders  indicate in writing  that they wish to receive  them in cash or in
shares  of other  DWS  Funds  with  multiple  classes  of shares or DWS Funds as
provided in the prospectus. See "Combined Purchases" for a listing of such other
funds.  To use this  privilege of  investing  dividends of the Fund in shares of
another DWS Fund,  shareholders  must maintain a minimum account value of $1,000
in the Fund  distributing the dividends.  The Fund will reinvest dividend checks
(and  future  dividends)  in shares  of that  same Fund and class if checks  are
returned as undeliverable.  Dividends and other distributions of the Fund in the
aggregate  amount of $10 or less are  automatically  reinvested in shares of the
Fund  unless the  shareholder  requests  that such  policy not be applied to the
shareholder's account.                                                          

If an investment is in the form of a retirement  plan, all dividends and capital
gains distributions must be reinvested into the shareholder's account.          

55

P-->497504th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 504th
If  a  shareholder   has  elected  to  reinvest  any   dividends   and/or  other
distributions,  such  distributions  will be made in  shares  of that  Fund  and
confirmations will be mailed to each shareholder. If a shareholder has chosen to
receive cash, a check will be sent.  Distributions of investment company taxable
income and net realized  capital  gains are  taxable,  whether made in shares or
cash.                                                                           

Each  distribution  is  accompanied  by a  brief  explanation  of the  form  and
character of the  distribution.  The  characterization  of distributions on such
correspondence may differ from the characterization for federal tax purposes. In
January of each year the Fund  issues to each  shareholder  a  statement  of the
federal income tax status of all distributions in the prior calendar year.      

The Fund may at any time vary its foregoing dividend  practices and,  therefore,
reserves  the  right  from  time to time to  either  distribute  or  retain  for
reinvestment  such of its net  investment  income  and  its net  short-term  and
long-term  capital  gains as its  Board  determines  appropriate  under the then
current circumstances.  In particular,  and without limiting the foregoing,  the
Fund may make additional  distributions of net investment income or capital gain
net income in order to satisfy the minimum distribution  requirements  contained
in the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code").                  

 TAXES

The following is intended to be a general  summary of certain federal income tax
consequences  of  investing  in the  Fund.  It is  not  intended  as a  complete
discussion  of all such  consequences,  nor  does it  purport  to deal  with all
categories of investors.  Investors are therefore  advised to consult with their
tax advisors before making an investment in the Fund.                           

Taxation  of the Fund.  The Fund  intends to elect to be treated  and to qualify
each year as a regulated  investment  company under Subchapter M of the Code. In
order to qualify for the special tax  treatment  accorded  regulated  investment
companies and their shareholders, the Fund must, among other things:            

(a)       derive at least 90% of its gross income for each taxable year from (i)
          dividends,  interest,  payments  with  respect to  certain  securities
          loans,  and  gains  from  the  sale or  other  disposition  of  stock,
          securities or foreign  currencies,  or other income (including but not
          limited to gains from options,  futures, or forward contracts) derived
          with respect to its  business of investing in such stock,  securities,
          or currencies and (ii) net income derived from interests in "qualified
publicly traded partnerships" (as defined below);           

(b)      diversify  its  holdings  so that,  at the end of each  quarter  of the
         Fund's taxable year, (i) at least 50% of the market value of the Fund's
         total  assets is  represented  by cash and cash  items,  US  Government
         securities,  securities of other regulated  investment  companies,  and
         other  securities  limited  in respect of any one issuer to a value not
         greater  than 5% of the value of the Fund's  total  assets and not more
         than 10% of the outstanding  voting securities of such issuer, and (ii)
         not more than 25% of the value of the Fund's  total  assets is invested
         (x) in the  securities  (other than those of the US Government or other
         regulated  investment  companies)  of any one  issuer or of two or more
         issuers  which the Fund  controls  and which are  engaged  in the same,
         similar,  or related trades or businesses,  or (y) in the securities of
         one or more qualified publicly traded  partnerships (as defined below).
         In the case of the Fund's investment in loan  participations,  the Fund
         shall  treat  both the  financial  intermediary  and the  issuer of the
         underlying  loan  as  an  issuer  for  the  purposes  of  meeting  this
         diversification  requirement;  and(c)  distribute  with respect to each
         taxable year at least 90% of the sum of its investment  company taxable
         income  (as that  term is  defined  in the Code  without  regard to the
         deduction for dividends  paid--generally,  taxable  ordinary income and
         the excess, if any, of net short-term  capital gains over net long-term
    capital losses) and net tax-exempt interest income, for such year.

In  general,  for  purposes of the 90% gross  income  requirement  described  in
paragraph  (a)  above,  income  derived  from a  partnership  will be treated as
qualifying  income only to the extent such  income is  attributable  to items of
income of the  partnership  which would be qualifying  income if realized by the
regulated  investment company.  However,  100% of the net income derived from an
interest in a "qualified publicly traded partnership"  (defined as a partnership
(i) interests in which are traded on an established securities market or readily
tradable on a secondary                                                         

56

P-->497505th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 505th
market or the substantial equivalent thereof and (ii) that derives less than 90%
of its income from the qualifying income described in paragraph (a)(i) above) is
now treated as qualifying  income. In addition,  although in general the passive
loss  rules of the Code do not apply to  regulated  investment  companies,  such
rules  do  apply  to a  regulated  investment  company  with  respect  to  items
attributable to an interest in a qualified publicly traded partnership. Finally,
for purposes of paragraph (b) above, the term "outstanding  voting securities of
such issuer" will include the equity  securities of a qualified  publicly traded
partnership.                                                                    

If the Fund qualifies as a regulated investment company that is accorded special
tax  treatment,  the Fund will not be subject  to  federal  income tax on income
distributed  in a timely  manner to its  shareholders  in the form of  dividends
(including Capital Gain Dividends, as defined below).                           

If for any taxable year the Fund does not qualify for the special federal income
tax treatment afforded regulated investment companies, all of its taxable income
will be subject to federal  income tax at regular  corporate  rates (without any
deduction for distributions to its  shareholders),  and all  distributions  from
earnings and profits,  including any  distributions of net tax-exempt income and
net long-term capital gains, will be taxable to shareholders as ordinary income.
Such  distributions  would be eligible (i) to be treated as "qualified  dividend
income," in the case of individual and other noncorporate shareholders,  subject
to reduced rates of federal income taxation for taxable years  beginning  before
January 1, 2011 and (ii) for the 70% dividends received deduction in the case of
corporate  shareholders.  In  addition,  the Fund could be required to recognize
unrealized  gains,  pay  substantial  taxes and  interest  and make  substantial
distributions  before  requalifying  as a regulated  investment  company that is
accorded special tax treatment.                                                 

The Fund is subject to a 4%  nondeductible  excise tax on amounts required to be
but not distributed under a prescribed formula.  The formula requires payment to
shareholders  during a calendar year of distributions  representing at least 98%
of the Fund's taxable  ordinary income for the calendar year and at least 98% of
the excess of its capital gains over capital losses realized during the one-year
period  ending  October 31 (in most cases) of such year as well as amounts  that
were neither  distributed  nor taxed to the Fund during the prior calendar year.
Although the Fund's  distribution  policies should enable it to avoid excise tax
liability,  the Fund may  retain  (and be  subject to income or excise tax on) a
portion of its capital  gain or other income if it appears to be in the interest
of such Fund.                                                                   

Taxation of Fund Distributions.  For federal income tax purposes,  distributions
of  investment  income  are  generally  taxable  as  ordinary  income.  Taxes on
distributions  of capital  gains are  determined  by how long the Fund owned the
investments  that generated  them,  rather than how long a shareholder has owned
his or  her  shares.  Distributions  of net  capital  gains  from  the  sale  of
investments  that the Fund  owned for more  than one year and that are  properly
designated by the Fund as capital gain dividends ("Capital Gain Dividends") will
be taxable as long-term  capital gains.  Distributions of gains from the sale of
investments that the Fund owned for one year or less will be taxable as ordinary
income.  For taxable years beginning  before January 1, 2011,  distributions  of
investment  income  designated by the Fund as derived from  "qualified  dividend
income" will be taxed in the hands of  individuals  at the rates  applicable  to
long-term capital gain,  provided holding period and other  requirements are met
at both the shareholder and Fund levels.                                        

Distributions  are taxable to shareholders  even if they are paid from income or
gains  earned  by the Fund  before a  shareholder's  investment  (and  thus were
included in the price the shareholder  paid).  Distributions are taxable whether
shareholders  receive them in cash or reinvest them in additional shares through
the reinvestment  privilege. A shareholder whose distributions are reinvested in
shares will be treated as having  received a dividend  equal to either:  (i) the
fair market value of the new shares  issued to the  shareholder,  or (ii) if the
shares are trading  below net asset value,  the amount of cash  allocated to the
shareholder  for the  purchase of shares on its behalf in the open  market.  Any
gain  resulting  from the sale or  exchange  of Fund  shares  generally  will be
taxable as capital gains.                                                       

Long-term  capital gain rates  applicable to individuals  have been  temporarily
reduced -- in general,  to 15% with lower rates applying to taxpayers in the 10%
and 15% rate brackets -- for taxable years beginning before January 1, 2011.    

For taxable years beginning before January 1, 2011,  "qualified dividend income"
received by an  individual  will be taxed at the rates  applicable  to long-term
capital gain.  In order for some portion of the  dividends  received by the     

57

P-->497506th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 506th
Fund shareholder to be "qualified  dividend  income," the Fund must meet holding
period  and other  requirements  with  respect to some  portion of the  dividend
paying stocks in its portfolio and the shareholder  must meet holding period and
other  requirements  with respect to the Fund's  shares.  A dividend will not be
treated as qualified  dividend income (at either the Fund or shareholder  level)
(1) if the  dividend  is  received  with  respect to any share of stock held for
fewer than 61 days during the 121-day  period  beginning on the date which is 60
days before the date on which such share  becomes  ex-dividend  with  respect to
such dividend (or, in the case of certain  preferred  stock,  91 days during the
181-day period  beginning 90 days before such date),  (2) to the extent that the
recipient is under an obligation (whether pursuant to a short sale or otherwise)
to make related payments with respect to positions in  substantially  similar or
related  property,  (3) if the  recipient  elects  to have the  dividend  income
treated as  investment  interest,  or (4) if the  dividend  is  received  from a
foreign corporation that is (a) not eligible for the benefits of a comprehensive
income tax treaty with the United States (with the  exception of dividends  paid
on  stock of such a  foreign  corporation  readily  tradable  on an  established
securities  market in the  United  States) or (b)  treated as a passive  foreign
investment company.                                                             

In general, distributions of investment income designated by the Fund as derived
from qualified dividend income will be treated as qualified dividend income by a
shareholder  taxed as an individual  provided the shareholder  meets the holding
period and other requirements described above with respect to the Fund's shares.
If the  aggregate  qualified  dividends  received by the Fund during any taxable
year are 95% or more of its  gross  income,  then 100% of the  Fund's  dividends
(other than dividends  properly  designated as Capital Gain  Dividends)  will be
eligible to be treated as qualified dividend income. For this purpose,  the only
gain included in the term "gross income" is the excess of net short-term capital
gain over net long-term capital loss.                                           

Special tax rules apply to investments  through defined  contribution  plans and
other  tax-qualified  plans.  Shareholders  should  consult their tax adviser to
determine  the  suitability  of shares of a fund as an  investment  through such
plans  and  the  precise  effect  of and  investment  on  their  particular  tax
situation.                                                                      

All  distributions  by the Fund result in a reduction  in the net asset value of
that Fund's  shares.  Should a  distribution  reduce the net asset value below a
shareholder's cost basis, such distribution would nevertheless be taxable to the
shareholder as ordinary income or capital gain as described above,  even though,
from an investment standpoint, it may constitute a partial return of capital. In
particular,  investors  should be careful to consider  the tax  implications  of
buying  shares just prior to a  distribution.  The price of shares  purchased at
that time includes the amount of the forthcoming distribution.  Those purchasing
just prior to a  distribution  will receive a partial return of capital upon the
distribution, which will nevertheless be taxable to them.                       

Capital gains  distributions  may be reduced if Fund capital loss  carryforwards
are available.  Any capital loss carryforwards to which the Fund is entitled are
disclosed in the Fund's annual and semi-annual reports to shareholders.         

Dividends Received Deduction. If dividends from domestic corporations constitute
a  substantial  portion  of the  Fund's  gross  income,  a portion of the income
distributions  of such Fund may be eligible for the 70%  deduction for dividends
received  by  corporations.  Shareholders  will be  informed  of the  portion of
dividends which so qualify. The  dividends-received  deduction is reduced to the
extent the shares of the Fund with respect to which the  dividends  are received
are treated as  debt-financed  under federal income tax law and is eliminated if
either  those shares or the shares of a fund are deemed to have been held by the
Fund or the  shareholder,  as the case may be, for less than 46 days  during the
91-day period beginning 45 days before the shares become ex-dividend.           

Transactions in Fund Shares.  The sale,  exchange or redemption of shares of the
Fund may give rise to a gain or loss. In general, any gain or loss realized upon
a taxable  disposition  of shares will be treated as  long-term  capital gain or
loss if the shares have been held for more than 12 months.  Otherwise,  the gain
or loss on the  taxable  disposition  of shares of the Fund will be  treated  as
short-term gain or loss.  However,  any loss realized upon a taxable disposition
of shares held for six months or less will be treated as long-term,  rather than
short-term,  to the extent of any long-term capital gain distributions  received
(or deemed  received) by the  shareholder  with respect to the shares.  All or a
portion of any loss  realized upon a taxable  disposition  of shares of the Fund
will be  disallowed  if other  substantially  identical  shares  of the Fund are
purchased  within 30 days before or after the  disposition.  In such a case, the
basis of the newly  purchased  shares will be adjusted to reflect the disallowed
loss.                                                                           

58

P-->497507th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 507th
Foreign  Taxation.  Foreign  withholding  or other foreign taxes with respect to
income  (possibly  including,  in some cases,  capital gains) on certain foreign
securities may occur.  These taxes may be reduced or eliminated  under the terms
of an applicable US income tax treaty.  If more than 50% of the Fund's assets at
year end consist of the securities of foreign  corporations,  the Fund may elect
to  permit  shareholders  to claim a credit or  deduction  on their  income  tax
returns  for their pro rata  portion  the  qualified  taxes  paid by the Fund to
foreign  countries  in respect of  foreign  securities  the Fund has held for at
least the minimum  period  specified in the Code.  In such a case,  shareholders
will include in gross income from foreign  sources their pro rata shares of such
taxes.  A  shareholder's  ability to claim a foreign tax credit or  deduction in
respect of foreign taxes paid by the Fund may be subject to certain  limitations
imposed  by the  Code,  as a result  of which a  shareholder  may not get a full
credit or deduction for the amount of such taxes.  In  particular,  shareholders
must  hold  their  Fund  shares  (without  protection  from risk of loss) on the
ex-dividend  date and for at least 15  additional  days during the 30-day period
surrounding  the  ex-dividend  date to be eligible to claim a foreign tax credit
with  respect  to a given  dividend.  Shareholders  who do not  itemize on their
federal  income  tax  returns  may claim a credit  (but no  deduction)  for such
foreign  taxes.  If the  Fund  does  not  make  the  election  discussed  above,
shareholders  will not be able to claim either a credit or a deduction for their
pro rata  portion  of such  taxes  paid by the Fund,  nor will  shareholders  be
required  to treat as part of the  amounts  distributed  to them  their pro rata
portion of such taxes paid.                                                     

Foreign Currency  Transactions.  The Fund's  transactions in foreign currencies,
foreign-currency-denominated  debt  obligations  and  certain  foreign  currency
options,  futures contracts and forward contracts (and similar  instruments) may
give rise to ordinary  income or loss to the extent such income or loss  results
from fluctuations in the value of the foreign currency concerned.               

Passive Foreign Investment Companies.  Equity investments by the Fund in certain
"passive foreign investment  companies"  ("PFICs") could potentially subject the
Fund to a US federal income tax (including  interest  charges) on  distributions
received from the company or on proceeds received from the disposition of shares
in the company,  which tax cannot be eliminated by making  distributions to Fund
shareholders.  However,  the Fund may elect to avoid the imposition of that tax.
For example,  the Fund may elect to treat a PFIC as a "qualified  electing fund"
(a "QEF  election"),  in which case the Fund would be  required  to include  its
share of the  company's  income and net capital  gains  annually,  regardless of
whether it receives any distribution from the company. The Fund also may make an
election to mark the gains (and to a limited extent losses) in such holdings "to
the market" as though it had sold and repurchased its holdings in those PFICs on
the last day of the Fund's  taxable  year.  Such gains and losses are treated as
ordinary  income and loss. The QEF and  mark-to-market  elections may accelerate
the  recognition of income (without the receipt of cash) and increase the amount
required to be distributed by the Fund to avoid taxation. Making either of these
elections  therefore  may  require  the  Fund  to  liquidate  other  investments
(including  when  it is not  advantageous  to do so) to  meet  its  distribution
requirement,  which also may accelerate  the  recognition of gain and affect the
Fund's total return.  Dividends paid by PFICs will not be eligible to be treated
as "qualified dividend income."                                                 

Tax Effects of Certain Transactions.  The Fund's investment in zero coupon bonds
and other debt obligations  having original issue discount may cause the Fund to
recognize  taxable income in excess of any cash received from the investment.  A
portion of the difference  between the issue price of zero coupon securities and
their face value  ("original  issue discount") is considered to be income to the
Fund each year,  even though the Fund will not receive  cash  interest  payments
from these securities. This original issue discount imputed income will comprise
a part of the  investment  company  taxable  income of the Fund,  which  must be
distributed to shareholders in order to maintain the  qualification  of the Fund
as a regulated  investment company and to avoid federal income tax at the Fund's
level.                                                                          

Some debt  obligations with a fixed maturity date of more than one year from the
date of issuance (and all  zero-coupon  debt  obligations  with a fixed maturity
date of more than one year from the date of  issuance)  that are acquired by the
Fund  will be  treated  as debt  obligations  that are  issued  originally  at a
discount.  Generally,  the  amount of the  original  issue  discount  ("OID") is
treated as interest income and is included in taxable income (and required to be
distributed)  over the term of the debt  security,  even though  payment of that
amount  is not  received  until a later  time,  usually  when the debt  security
matures. In addition,  payment-in-kind securities will give rise to income which
is required to be  distributed  and is taxable  even though the Fund holding the
security receives no interest payment in cash on the security during the year.  

59

P-->497508th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 508th
Some debt  obligations with a fixed maturity date of more than one year from the
date of issuance  that are acquired by the Fund in the  secondary  market may be
treated  as  having  market  discount.  Generally,  any gain  recognized  on the
disposition  of, and any partial payment of principal on, a debt security having
market  discount  is treated  as  ordinary  income to the  extent  the gain,  or
principal  payment,  does not exceed the "accrued market  discount" on such debt
security.  Market discount  generally accrues in equal daily  installments.  The
Fund may make one or more of the elections applicable to debt obligations having
market  discount,  which could affect the character and timing of recognition of
income.                                                                         

In addition,  if the Fund invests in certain high yield  original issue discount
obligations issued by corporations (including tax-exempt obligations), a portion
of the original  issue  discount  accruing on the  obligation  may be treated as
taxable dividend income. In such event,  dividends of investment company taxable
income received from the Fund by its shareholders, to the extent attributable to
such portion of accrued  original  issue  discount,  would be taxable.  Any such
dividends received by the Fund's corporate  shareholders may be eligible for the
deduction for dividends received by corporations.                               

Any market discount recognized on a bond is taxable as ordinary income. A market
discount bond is a bond  acquired in the  secondary  market at a price below its
redemption  value (or its  adjusted  issue price if issued with  original  issue
discount).  Absent an election  to include  the market  discount in income as it
accrues,  gain on the  disposition  of such an  obligation  will be  treated  as
ordinary  income  (instead  of capital  gain) to the  extent of  accrued  market
discount.                                                                       

The Fund may invest to a significant  extent in debt obligations that are in the
lowest rating  categories or are unrated,  including debt obligations of issuers
not  currently  paying  interest  or who  are in  default.  Investments  in debt
obligations that are at risk of or in default present special tax issues for the
Fund.  Tax rules are not  entirely  clear about issues such as when the Fund may
cease to accrue interest,  original issue discount or market discount,  when and
to what extent deductions may be taken for bad debts or worthless securities and
how payments  received on  obligations  in default  should be allocated  between
principal and income.  These and other  related  issues will be addressed by the
Fund when, as and if it invests in such  securities,  in order to seek to ensure
that it  distributes  sufficient  income to  preserve  its status as a regulated
investment  company and does not become  subject to US federal  income or excise
tax.                                                                            

If the Fund engages in hedging  transactions,  including hedging transactions in
options,  futures contracts,  and straddles,  or other similar transactions,  it
will  be  subject   to  special   tax  rules   (including   constructive   sale,
mark-to-market,  straddle, wash sale, and short sale rules), the effect of which
may be to  accelerate  income to the  Fund,  defer  losses  to the  Fund,  cause
adjustments in the holding periods of the Fund's  securities,  convert long-term
capital gains into short-term capital gains or convert short-term capital losses
into long-term  capital losses.  These rules could therefore  affect the amount,
timing and character of distributions to shareholders. The Fund will endeavor to
make  any  available  elections  pertaining  to such  transactions  in a  manner
believed to be in the best interests of the Fund.                               

Certain of the Fund's hedging  activities  (including  transactions,  if any, in
foreign  currencies or foreign  currency-denominated  instruments) may produce a
difference  between its book income and its taxable  income.  If the Fund's book
income exceeds its taxable income, the distribution (if any) of such excess will
be treated as (i) a dividend to the extent of the Fund's remaining  earnings and
profits (including  earnings and profits arising from tax-exempt  income),  (ii)
thereafter as a return of capital to the extent of the recipient's  basis in the
shares,  and (iii)  thereafter  as gain from the sale or  exchange  of a capital
asset. If the Fund's book income is less than its taxable income, the Fund could
be  required  to make  distributions  exceeding  book  income  to  qualify  as a
regulated investment company that is accorded special tax treatment.            

Backup  Withholding.  Under  the  backup  withholding  provisions  of the  Code,
redemption  proceeds as well as  distributions  may be subject to federal income
tax  withholding for certain  shareholders,  including those who fail to furnish
the Fund with their taxpayer  identification  numbers and  certifications  as to
their tax status.                                                               

Non-US  Shareholders.  Capital Gain Dividends will not be subject to withholding
of federal income tax. In general, dividends (other than Capital Gain Dividends)
paid by the Fund to a shareholder that is not a "U.S. person" within the meaning
of the Code (such shareholder, a "foreign person") are subject to withholding of
US federal                                                                      

60

P-->497509th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 509th
income tax at a rate of 30% (or lower  applicable  treaty rate) even if they are
funded by income or gains (such as portfolio interest, short-term capital gains,
or  foreign-source  dividend and  interest  income)  that,  if paid to a foreign
person  directly,  would not be subject to withholding.  However,  effective for
taxable years of the Fund beginning before January 1, 2008, the Fund will not be
required to withhold any amounts (i) with respect to  distributions  (other than
distributions  to a foreign  person  (w) that has not  provided  a  satisfactory
statement that the beneficial  owner is not a US person,  (x) to the extent that
the dividend is attributable to certain interest on an obligation if the foreign
person is the issuer or is a 10%  shareholder of the issuer,  (y) that is within
certain  foreign  countries that have inadequate  information  exchange with the
United  States,  or (z) to the extent the dividend is  attributable  to interest
paid by a person that is a related  person of the foreign person and the foreign
person is a controlled foreign corporation) from US-source interest income that,
in general,  would not be subject to US federal income tax if earned directly by
an individual  foreign  person,  to the extent such  distributions  are properly
designated  by the Fund,  and (ii) with  respect to  distributions  (other  than
distributions  to an  individual  foreign  person  who is  present in the United
States for a period or periods  aggregating  183 days or more during the year of
the  distribution)  of net  short-term  capital gains in excess of net long-term
capital losses, to the extent such distributions are properly  designated by the
Fund.  Depending on the circumstances,  the Fund may make such designations with
respect to all, some or none of its potentially  eligible dividends and/or treat
such  dividends,  in whole or in part, as  ineligible  for this  exemption  from
withholding.  In order to qualify for this exemption from withholding, a foreign
person will need to comply with applicable  certification  requirements relating
to its non-US status  (including,  in general,  furnishing an IRS Form W-8BEN or
substitute  Form).  In the case of shares  held  through  an  intermediary,  the
intermediary may withhold even if the Fund makes a designation with respect to a
payment. Foreign persons should contact their intermediaries with respect to the
application of these rules to their accounts.                                   

If a  beneficial  holder who is a foreign  person has a trade or business in the
United States,  and the dividends are effectively  connected with the conduct by
the beneficial holder of a trade or business in the United States,  the dividend
will be subject to US federal net income taxation at regular income tax rates.  

Tax Shelter Reporting Regulations.  Under Treasury regulations, if a shareholder
recognizes a loss with respect to the Fund's shares of $2 million or more for an
individual shareholder or $10 million or more for a corporate  shareholder,  the
shareholder must file with the Internal  Revenue Service a disclosure  statement
on Form 8886.  Direct  shareholders  of portfolio  securities  are in many cases
excepted  from  this  reporting   requirement,   but  under  current   guidance,
shareholders of a regulated investment company are not excepted. Future guidance
may extend the current exception from this reporting requirement to shareholders
of  most  or all  regulated  investment  companies.  The  fact  that  a loss  is
reportable under these  regulations  does not affect the legal  determination of
whether the  taxpayer's  treatment  of the loss is proper.  Shareholders  should
consult their tax advisors to determine the  applicability of these  regulations
in light of their individual circumstances.                                     

Other Tax  Considerations.  Shareholders of the Fund may be subject to state and
local taxes on  distributions  received from the Fund and on  redemptions of the
Fund's shares.                                                                  

Investors  are advised to consult  their own tax advisors  with respect to their
own circumstances  regarding the above-referenced  federal income taxation rules
and with respect to other federal,  state,  local or foreign tax consequences to
them of an investment in shares of a Fund.                                      

 NET ASSET VALUE

The net asset value of shares of the Fund is computed as of the close of regular
trading on the New York Stock Exchange (the "Exchange") on each day the Exchange
is open for trading (the "Value  Time").  The Exchange is scheduled to be closed
on the following  holidays:  New Year's Day, Dr.  Martin  Luther King,  Jr. Day,
Presidents'  Day,  Good  Friday,  Memorial  Day,  Independence  Day,  Labor Day,
Thanksgiving  and Christmas,  and on the preceding  Friday or subsequent  Monday
when one of these  holidays  falls on a Saturday  or Sunday,  respectively.  Net
asset  value  per share is  determined  separately  for each  class of shares by
dividing the value of the total assets of the Fund attributable to the shares of
that class, less all liabilities attributable to that class, by the total number
of  shares  of that  class  outstanding.  The net  asset  value may be lower for
certain classes of the Fund because of higher expenses borne by these classes.  

61

P-->497510th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 510th
An equity  security is valued at its most  recent  sale price on the  security's
primary  exchange  or OTC market as of the Value Time.  Lacking  any sales,  the
security is valued at the calculated  mean between the most recent bid quotation
and the most recent asked quotation (the "Calculated  Mean") on such exchange or
OTC  market  as of the  Value  Time.  If it is not  possible  to  determine  the
Calculated Mean, the security is valued at the most recent bid quotation on such
exchange  or OTC market as of the Value  Time.  In the case of  certain  foreign
exchanges  or OTC  markets,  the closing  price  reported by the exchange or OTC
market  (which may  sometimes  be  referred  to as the  "official  close" or the
"official  closing  price" or other similar  term) will be  considered  the most
recent sale price.                                                              

Debt securities are valued as follows.  Money market instruments  purchased with
an  original or  remaining  maturity  of 60 days or less,  maturing at par,  are
valued at amortized  cost.  Other money market  instruments  are valued based on
information obtained from an independent pricing service or, if such information
is not readily  available,  by using matrix pricing  techniques  (formula driven
calculations based primarily on current market yields). Bank loans are valued at
prices supplied by an independent pricing service (which are intended to reflect
the mean between the bid and asked prices),  if available,  and otherwise at the
mean of the most  recent  bid and  asked  quotations  or  evaluated  prices,  as
applicable,  based on quotations or evaluated  prices  obtained from one or more
broker-dealers.  Privately  placed  debt  securities,  other than Rule 144A debt
securities,  initially are valued at cost and  thereafter  based on all relevant
factors  including  type  of  security,  size of  holding  and  restrictions  on
disposition.  Municipal  debt  securities  are valued at prices  supplied  by an
approved  pricing  agent (which are intended to reflect the mean between the bid
and asked  prices),  if available,  and otherwise at the mean of the most recent
bid and asked quotations or evaluated price obtained from a broker-dealer. Other
debt securities are valued at prices supplied by an independent pricing service,
if available, and otherwise at the most recent bid quotation or evaluated price,
as applicable,  obtained from one or more broker-dealers.  If it is not possible
to value a particular debt security pursuant to the above methods,  the security
is valued on the basis of  factors  including  (but not  limited  to)  maturity,
coupon, creditworthiness,  currency denomination, and the movement of the market
in which the security is normally traded.                                       

An exchange-traded option contract on securities, currencies and other financial
instruments  is valued at its most recent sale price on the  relevant  exchange.
Lacking any sales,  the option contract is valued at the Calculated  Mean. If it
is not possible to determine the Calculated  Mean, the option contract is valued
at the most recent bid quotation in the case of a purchased  option  contract or
the most recent asked  quotation in the case of a written  option  contract,  in
each case as of the Value Time. An option contract on securities, currencies and
other financial instruments traded in the OTC market is valued on the Value Date
at the evaluated price provided by the  broker-dealer  with which it was traded.
Futures contracts (and options thereon) are valued at the most recent settlement
price,  if available on the exchange on which they are traded most  extensively.
With the exception of stock index futures  contracts  which trade on the Chicago
Mercantile Exchange,  closing settlement times are prior to the close of trading
on the New York Stock Exchange. For stock index futures contracts which trade on
the  Chicago  Mercantile  Exchange,   closing  settlement  prices  are  normally
available  at  approximately  4:20  Eastern  time.  If no  settlement  price  is
available, the last traded price on such exchange will be used.                 

If market quotations for portfolio assets are not readily available or the value
of a portfolio asset as determined in accordance with Board approved  procedures
does not represent the fair market value of the  portfolio  asset,  the value of
the portfolio asset is taken to be an amount which, in the opinion of the Fund's
Pricing  Committee  (or,  in  some  cases,  the  Board's  Valuation  Committee),
represents fair market value. The value of other portfolio holdings owned by the
Fund is  determined  in a manner  which is intended  to fairly  reflect the fair
market value of the asset on the valuation date,  based on valuation  procedures
adopted  by the  Fund's  Board and  overseen  primarily  by the  Fund's  Pricing
Committee.                                                                      

DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS

The following table presents certain information  regarding the Board Members of
the  Corporation.  Each Board Member's year of birth is set forth in parentheses
after his or her name. Unless otherwise noted, (i) each Board Member has engaged
in the principal  occupation(s)  noted in the table for at least the most recent
five years, although not necessarily in the same capacity,  and (ii) the address
of each Board Member that is not an "interested  person" (as defined in the 1940
Act) of the Corporation or the Advisor (each, an "Independent Board Member"), is
c/o Dawn-Marie Driscoll, PO Box 100176, Cape Coral, FL 33904. The term of office
for each Board Member is until the election and qualification of a successor, or
until  such Board  Member  sooner  dies,  resigns,  is  removed or as           

62

P-->497511th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 511th
otherwise  provided in the governing  documents of the Corporation.  Because the
Fund does not hold an annual  meeting of  shareholders,  each Board  Member will
hold office for an  indeterminate  period.  The Board  Members may also serve in
similar capacities with other funds in the DWS fund complex.                    

Independent Board Members                                                       

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Name, Year of Birth,                                                                                               
 Position with the                                                                               Number of Funds    
 Corporation and Length    Business Experience and                                               in DWS Fund        
 of Time Served            Directorships During the Past 5 Years                                 Complex Overseen   
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                                                    
Dawn-Marie Driscoll (1946) President, Driscoll Associates (consulting firm); Executive Fellow,           76         
Chairperson since 2004     Center for Business Ethics, Bentley College; formerly, Partner,                          
Board Member since         Palmer & Dodge (1988-1990); Vice President of Corporate Affairs and                      
1987                       General Counsel, Filene's (1978-1988). Directorships: Trustee of 8                       
                           open-end mutual funds managed by Sun Capital Advisers, Inc. (since                       
                           2007); Director of ICI Mutual Insurance Company (since 2007);                            
                           Advisory Board, Center for Business Ethics, Bentley College;                             
                           Trustee, Southwest Florida Community Foundation (charitable                              
                           organization); Former Directorships: Investment Company Institute                        
                           (audit, executive, nominating committees) and Independent Directors                      
                           Council (governance, executive committees)                                               
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Henry P. Becton, Jr.       Vice Chair, WGBH Educational Foundation. Directorships: Association           76         
(1943)                     of Public Television Stations; Becton Dickinson and Company(1)                           
Board Member since         (medical technology company); Belo Corporation(1) (media company);                       
1990                       Boston Museum of Science; Public Radio International. Former                             
                           Directorships: American Public Television; Concord Academy; New                          
                           England Aquarium; Mass. Corporation for Educational                                      
                           Telecommunications; Committee for Economic Development; Public                           
                           Broadcasting Service                                                                     
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Keith R. Fox (1954)        Managing General Partner, Exeter Capital Partners (a series of                76         
Board Member since         private equity funds). Directorships: Progressive Holding                                
1996                       Corporation (kitchen goods importer and distributor); Natural                            
                           History, Inc. (magazine publisher); Box Top Media Inc.                                   
                           (advertising); The Kennel Shop (retailer)                                                
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Kenneth C. Froewiss        Clinical Professor of Finance, NYU Stern School of Business                   76         
(1945)                     (1997-present); Member, Finance Committee, Association for Asian                         
Board Member since         Studies (2002-present); Director, Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Group                        
2005                       (US) (2004-present); prior thereto, Managing Director, J.P. Morgan                       
                           (investment banking firm) (until 1996)                                                   
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Martin J. Gruber           Nomura Professor of Finance, Leonard N. Stern School of Business,             76         
(1937)                     New York University (since September 1965); Director, Japan Equity                       
Board Member since         Fund, Inc. (since January 1992), Thai Capital Fund, Inc. (since                          
2006                       January 2000), Singapore Fund, Inc. (since January 2000), National                       
                           Bureau of Economic Research (since January 2006). Formerly, Trustee,                     
                           TIAA (pension funds) (January 1996-January 2000); Trustee, CREF and                      
                           CREF Mutual Funds (January 2000-March 2005); Chairman, CREF and CREF                     
                           Mutual Funds (February 2004-March 2005); and Director, S.G. Cowen                        
                           Mutual Funds (January 1985-January 2001)                                                 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                       63                                                                           

P-->497512th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 512th
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Name, Year of Birth,                                                                                               
 Position with the                                                                               Number of Funds    
 Corporation and Length    Business Experience and                                               in DWS Fund        
 of Time Served            Directorships During the Past 5 Years                                 Complex Overseen   
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Richard J. Herring         Jacob Safra Professor of International Banking and Professor,                 76         
(1946)                     Finance Department, The Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania                       
Board Member since         (since July 1972); Co-Director, Wharton Financial Institutions                           
2006                       Center (since July 2000); Director, Japan Equity Fund, Inc. (since                       
                           September 2007), Thai Capital Fund, Inc. (since September 2007),                         
                           Singapore Fund, Inc. (since September 2007). Formerly, Vice Dean and                     
                           Director, Wharton Undergraduate Division (July 1995-June 2000);                          
                           Director, Lauder Institute of International Management Studies (July                     
                           2000-June 2006)                                                                          
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Graham E. Jones            Senior Vice President, BGK Realty, Inc. (commercial real estate)              76         
(1933)                     (since 1995).  Formerly, Trustee of various investment companies                         
Board Member since         managed by Sun Capital Advisors,  Inc. (1998-2005),  Morgan Stanley                      
2006                       Asset Management (1985-2001) and Weiss, Peck and Greer (1985-2005)                       
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Rebecca W. Rimel           President and Chief Executive Officer, The Pew Charitable Trusts              76         
(1951)                     (charitable organization) (1994 to present); Trustee, Thomas                             
Board Member since         Jefferson Foundation (charitable organization) (1994 to present);                        
2006                       Trustee, Executive Committee, Philadelphia Chamber of Commerce (2001                     
                           to present). Formerly, Executive Vice President, The Glenmede Trust                      
                           Company (investment trust and wealth management) (1983 to 2004);                         
                           Board Member, Investor Education (charitable organization)                               
                           (2004-2005); Director, Viasys Health Care(1) (January 2007-June 2007)                    
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Philip Saunders, Jr.       Principal, Philip Saunders Associates (economic and financial                 74         
(1935)                     consulting) (since November 1988).  Formerly, Director, Financial                        
Board Member since         Industry Consulting, Wolf & Company (consulting) (1987-1988);                            
2006                       President, John Hancock Home Mortgage Corporation (1984-1986);                           
                           Senior  Vice  President  of  Treasury  and  Financial                                    
                           Services, John Hancock Mutual Life Insurance Company,                                    
                           Inc. (1982-1986)                                                                         
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
William N. Searcy, Jr.     Private investor since October 2003; Trustee of 8 open-end mutual             76         
(1946)                     funds managed by Sun Capital Advisers, Inc. (since October 1998).                        
Board Member since         Formerly, Pension & Savings Trust Officer, Sprint Corporation((1))                       
2006                       (telecommunications) (November 1989-September 2003)                                      
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Jean Gleason Stromberg     Retired. Formerly, Consultant (1997-2001); Director, US Government            76         
(1943)                     Accountability Office (1996-1997); Partner, Fulbright & Jaworski,                        
Board Member since         L.L.P. (law firm) (1978-1996). Directorships: The William and Flora                      
1997                       Hewlett Foundation; Service Source, Inc. Former Directorships:                           
                           Mutual Fund Directors Forum (2002-2004), American Bar Retirement                         
                           Association (funding vehicle for retirement plans) (1987-1990 and                        
                           1994-1996)                                                                               
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Carl W. Vogt               Retired Senior Partner, Fulbright & Jaworski, L.L.P. (law firm);              74         
(1936)                     formerly, President (interim) of Williams College (1999-2000);                           
Board Member since         formerly, President of certain funds in the Deutsche Asset                               
2002                       Management family of funds (formerly, Flag Investors family of                           
                           funds) (registered investment companies) (1999-2000). Directorships:                     
                           Yellow Corporation (trucking); American Science & Engineering (x-ray                     
                           detection equipment). Former Directorships: ISI Family of Funds                          
                           (registered investment companies, 4 funds overseen); National                            
                           Railroad Passenger Corporation (Amtrak) Waste Management, Inc.                           
                           (solid waste disposal); formerly, Chairman and Member, National                          
                           Transportation Safety Board                                                              
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                       64                                                                           

P-->497513th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 513th
Interested Board Member                                                                                             

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Name, Year of Birth,                                                                                               
 Position with the                                                                               Number of Funds    
 Corporation and Length    Business Experience and                                               in DWS Fund        
 of Time Served            Directorships During the Past 5 Years                                 Complex Overseen   
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Axel Schwarzer(2)         Managing Director(4), Deutsche Asset Management; Head of Deutsche             82         
 (1958)                    Asset Management Americas; CEO of DWS Scudder; formerly board member                     
 Board Member since        of DWS Investments, Germany (1999-2005); formerly, Head of Sales and                     
 2006                      Product Management for the Retail and Private Banking Division of                        
                           Deutsche  Bank  in  Germany  (1997-1999);   formerly,                                    
                           various  strategic  and  operational   positions  for                                    
                           Deutsche  Bank  Germany  Retail and  Private  Banking                                    
                           Division in the field of investment funds, tax driven                                    
                           instruments  and  asset   management  for  corporates                                    
                           (1989-1996)                                                                              
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Officers(3)                                                                                                         

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Name, Year of Birth,                                                                                               
 Position with the                                                                                                  
 Corporation and Length     Business Experience and                                                                 
 of Time Served             Directorships During the Past 5 Years                                                   
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Michael G. Clark(5)        Managing Director(4), Deutsche Asset Management (2006-present); President of DWS        
 (1965)                     family of funds; Director, ICI Mutual Insurance Company (since 2007); formerly,         
 President, 2006-present    Director of Fund Board Relations (2004-2006) and Director of Product Development        
                            (2000-2004), Merrill Lynch Investment Managers; Senior Vice President Operations,       
                            Merrill Lynch Asset Management (1999-2000)                                              
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 John Millette(6) (1962)    Director(4), Deutsche Asset Management                                                  
 Vice President and                                                                                                 
 Secretary, 1999-present                                                                                            
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Paul H. Schubert(5)        Managing Director(4), Deutsche Asset Management (since July 2004); formerly,            
 (1963)                     Executive Director, Head of Mutual Fund Services and Treasurer for UBS Family of        
 Chief Financial Officer,   Funds (1998-2004); Vice President and Director of Mutual Fund Finance at UBS Global     
 2004-present               Asset Management (1994-1998)                                                            
 Treasurer, 2005-present                                                                                            
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Patricia DeFilippis(5)     Vice President, Deutsche Asset Management (since June 2005); Counsel, New York Life     
 (1963)                     Investment Management LLC (2003-2005); legal associate, Lord, Abbett & Co. LLC          
 Assistant Secretary,       (1998-2003)                                                                             
 2005-present                                                                                                       
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Elisa D. Metzger(5)        Director(4), Deutsche Asset Management (since September 2005); Counsel, Morrison and    
 (1962)                     Foerster LLP (1999-2005)                                                                
 Assistant Secretary,                                                                                               
 2005-present                                                                                                       
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Caroline Pearson(6)        Managing Director(4), Deutsche Asset Management                                         
 (1962)                                                                                                             
 Assistant Secretary,                                                                                               
 1997-present                                                                                                       
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Paul Antosca(6)            Director(4), Deutsche Asset Management (since 2006); Vice President, The                
 (1957)                     Manufacturers Life Insurance Company (U.S.A.) (1990-2006)                               
 Assistant Treasurer,                                                                                               
 2007-present                                                                                                       
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                       65                                                                           

P-->497514th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 514th
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Name, Year of Birth,                                                                                               
 Position with the                                                                                                  
 Corporation and Length     Business Experience and                                                                 
 of Time Served             Directorships During the Past 5 Years                                                   
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Kathleen Sullivan          Director(4), Deutsche Asset Management                                                  
 D'Eramo(6)                                                                                                         
 (1957)                                                                                                             
 Assistant Treasurer,                                                                                               
 2003-present                                                                                                       
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Jason Vazquez(5) (1972)    Vice President, Deutsche Asset Management (since 2006); formerly, AML Operations        
 Anti-Money Laundering      Manager for Bear Stearns (2004-2006), Supervising Compliance Principal and Operations   
 Compliance Officer,        Manager for AXA Financial (1999-2004)                                                   
 2007-present                                                                                                       
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Robert Kloby(5) (1962)     Managing Director(4), Deutsche Asset Management (2004-present); formerly, Chief         
 Chief Compliance           Compliance Officer/Chief Risk Officer, Robeco USA (2000-2004); Vice President, The      
 Officer, 2006-present      Prudential Insurance Company of America (1988-2000); E.F. Hutton and Company            
                            (1984-1988)                                                                             
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 J. Christopher Jackson(5)  Director(4), Deutsche Asset Management (2006-present); formerly, Director, Senior       
 (1951)                     Vice President, General Counsel, and Assistant Secretary, Hansberger Global             
 Chief Legal Officer,       Investors, Inc. (1996-2006); Director, National Society of Compliance Professionals     
 2006-present               (2002-2005)(2006-2009)                                                                  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

(1)      A publicly held company with securities  registered pursuant to Section
12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.                    

(2)      The  mailing  address  of Axel  Schwarzer  is c/o  Deutsche  Investment
         Management  Americas Inc.,  345 Park Avenue,  New York, New York 10154.
         Mr.  Schwarzer is an interested Board Member by virtue of his positions
         with Deutsche Asset Management.  As an interested person, Mr. Schwarzer
receives no compensation from the Funds.                      

(3)      As a result of their respective positions held with the Advisor,  these
         individuals are considered  "interested  persons" of the Advisor within
         the meaning of the 1940 Act. Interested persons receive no compensation
from the Funds.                                               

(4)      Executive title, not a board directorship.                             

(5)      Address:  345 Park Avenue, New York, New York 10154.                   

((6))    Address: Two International Place, Boston, Massachusetts 02110.         

Each Officer also holds  similar  positions for other  investment  companies for
which DIMA or an affiliate serves as the advisor.                               

Officer's Role with Principal Underwriter:  DWS Scudder Distributors, Inc.      

Paul H. Schubert:                         Vice President                      
Caroline Pearson:                         Secretary                           

Information Concerning Committees and Meetings of Board Members                 

The Board of the  Corporation  met ten (10) times during the calendar year ended
December 31, 2006 and each Board Member attended at least 80% of the meetings of
the Board and meetings of the committees of the Board on which such Board Member
served.                                                                         

66

P-->497515th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 515th
Board  Committees.  Ms.  Driscoll  has served as Chair of the Board of the Funds
since June 2004.                                                                

The Board has established the following  standing  committees:  Audit Committee,
Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee, Valuation Committee, Equity Oversight
Committee, Fixed Income Oversight Committee,  Marketing/Distribution/Shareholder
Service Committee,  Legal/Regulatory/Compliance Committee and Expense/Operations
Committee.                                                                      

The Audit  Committee  assists the Board in  fulfilling  its  responsibility  for
oversight of the quality and integrity of the accounting, auditing and financial
reporting  practices  of the  applicable  Fund.  It also  makes  recommendations
regarding the selection of an independent  registered public accounting firm for
a Fund,  reviews the  independence of such firm,  reviews the scope of audit and
internal  controls,  considers and reports to the Board on matters relating to a
Fund's  accounting and financial  reporting  practices,  and performs such other
tasks as the full Board deems  necessary  or  appropriate.  The Audit  Committee
receives  annual   representations   from  the  independent   registered  public
accounting firm as to its  independence.  The members of the Audit Committee are
Keith R. Fox (Chair and Audit Committee Financial Expert),  Kenneth C. Froewiss,
Richard J. Herring,  Graham E. Jones,  Philip Saunders,  Jr., William N. Searcy,
Jr. and Jean  Gleason  Stromberg.  The Audit  Committee  held eight (8) meetings
during the calendar year 2006.                                                  

The  Nominating/Corporate  Governance  Committee  (i)  recommends  to the  Board
candidates  to serve as Board  Members and (ii)  oversees  and, as  appropriate,
makes  recommendations  to the Board  regarding  other  fund  governance-related
matters,  including but not limited to Board compensation practices,  retirement
policies,  self-evaluations  of effectiveness,  review of possible  conflicts of
interest  and  independence  issues  involving  Board  Members,  allocations  of
assignments  and  functions  of  committees  of the Board,  and share  ownership
policies. The members of the Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee are Henry
P.  Becton,  Jr.  (Chair),  Graham E. Jones,  Rebecca W. Rimel and Jean  Gleason
Stromberg.  The  Nominating/Corporate  Governance Committee (previously known as
the  Committee on  Independent  Directors)  held three (3)  meetings  during the
calendar year 2006.                                                             

The Valuation  Committee  oversees Fund  valuation  matters,  reviews  valuation
procedures  adopted  by the  Board,  determines  the fair  value  of the  Fund's
securities as needed in accordance  with the valuation  procedures  and performs
such other tasks as the full Board deems necessary or  appropriate.  The members
of the Valuation  Committee  are Keith R. Fox,  Kenneth C.  Froewiss,  Martin J.
Gruber,  Richard J. Herring and Philip  Saunders,  Jr.  (Chair).  The  Valuation
Committee held six (6) meetings during the calendar year 2006.                  

The Board has established two Investment Oversight  Committees,  one focusing on
Funds  primarily   investing  in  equity   securities  (the  "Equity   Oversight
Committee")  and one  focusing  on Funds  primarily  investing  in fixed  income
securities  (the "Fixed Income  Oversight  Committee").  These  Committees  meet
regularly with Fund portfolio managers and other investment  personnel to review
the relevant  Funds'  investment  strategies  and  investment  performance.  The
members of the Equity  Oversight  Committee are Henry P. Becton,  Jr., Martin J.
Gruber (Chair),  Richard J. Herring,  Rebecca W. Rimel, Philip Saunders, Jr. and
Carl W. Vogt. The members of the Fixed Income Oversight Committee are Dawn-Marie
Driscoll, Keith R. Fox, Kenneth C. Froewiss, Graham E. Jones, William N. Searcy,
Jr. (Chair) and Jean Gleason Stromberg. Each Investment Oversight Committee held
six (6) meetings during the calendar year 2006.                                 

The  Marketing/Distribution/Shareholder   Service  Committee  oversees  (i)  the
quality, costs and types of shareholder services provided to the Funds and their
shareholders,  and (ii) the distribution-related  services provided to the Funds
and their  shareholders.  The members of the  Marketing/Distribution/Shareholder
Service Committee are Martin J. Gruber,  Richard J. Herring (Chair),  Rebecca W.
Rimel,     Jean     Gleason     Stromberg     and    Carl    W.    Vogt.     The
Marketing/Distribution/Shareholder  Service  Committee  held  six  (6)  meetings
during the calendar year 2006.                                                  

The  Legal/Regulatory/Compliance  Committee  oversees (i) the significant  legal
affairs of the Funds, including the handling of pending or threatened litigation
or  regulatory  action  involving  the Funds,  (ii) general  compliance  matters
relating   to  the  Funds  and  (iii)   proxy   voting.   The   members  of  the
Legal/Regulatory/Compliance  Committee  are  Henry P.  Becton,  Jr.,  Dawn-Marie
Driscoll,  Rebecca W. Rimel,  William N. Searcy, Jr., Jean Gleason Stromberg and
Carl W. Vogt (Chair).  The  Legal/Regulatory/Compliance  Committee  held six (6)
meetings during the calendar year 2006.                                         

67

P-->497516th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 516th
The Expense/Operations Committee (i) monitors the Fund's total operating expense
levels,  (ii)  oversees the  provision of  administrative  services to the Fund,
including the Fund's custody,  fund accounting and insurance  arrangements,  and
(iii) reviews the Fund's investment advisers' brokerage practices, including the
implementation  of  related  policies.  The  members  of the  Expense/Operations
Committee are Henry P. Becton, Jr., Dawn-Marie  Driscoll,  Keith R. Fox, Kenneth
C.  Froewiss,  Graham E. Jones  (Chair),  Philip  Saunders,  Jr. and  William N.
Searcy,  Jr. This  committee  held seven (7) meetings  during the calendar  year
2006.                                                                           

Ad Hoc Committees.  In addition to the standing committees described above, from
time to time the Board also forms ad hoc committees to consider specific issues.
In 2006,  various ad hoc  committees of the Board held an  additional  seven (7)
meetings.                                                                       

Remuneration.  Each Independent Board Member receives compensation from the Fund
for his or her services, which includes an annual retainer and an attendance fee
for each meeting attended. No additional compensation is paid to any Independent
Board Member for travel time to meetings,  attendance at directors'  educational
seminars  or  conferences,   service  on  industry  or  association  committees,
participation  as speakers at directors'  conferences or service on special fund
industry director task forces or subcommittees. Independent Board Members do not
receive any employee  benefits such as pension or retirement  benefits or health
insurance from the Fund or any fund in the DWS fund complex.                    

Members of the Board who are officers,  directors,  employees or stockholders of
Deutsche Asset Management or its affiliates receive no direct  compensation from
a Fund, although they are compensated as employees of Deutsche Asset Management,
or its affiliates,  and as a result may be deemed to participate in fees paid by
the Funds.  The following tables show  compensation  from the Fund and aggregate
compensation  from all of the  funds in the DWS fund  complex  received  by each
Board Member during the calendar year 2006. Mr. Schwarzer became a member of the
Board on May 5,  2006,  is an  interested  person of the Funds and  received  no
compensation  from the  Funds or any fund in the DWS  fund  complex  during  the
relevant periods.                                                               

                                                                [Download Table]

                                                      Total Compensation 
                              Aggregate Compensation    from Fund and    
Name of Board Member                from Fund*        DWS Fund Complex(1)
--------------------                ----------        -------------------

                                                                         
Henry P. Becton, Jr.(3)                 $4                 $189,000      
Dawn-Marie Driscoll(2)(3)(4)            $5                 $251,000      
Keith R. Fox(3)(4)                      $4                 $195,000      
Kenneth C. Froewiss(3)(4)               $4                 $234,988      
Martin J. Gruber(3)                     $4                 $188,000      
Richard J. Herring(3)(4)                $3                 $184,000      
Graham E. Jones(3)(4)                   $4                 $206,000      
Rebecca W. Rimel(3)                     $4                 $185,000      
Philip Saunders, Jr.(3)(4)              $4                 $207,000      
William N. Searcy, Jr.(3)(4)            $4                 $206,000      
Jean Gleason Stromberg(3)(4)            $4                 $202,000      
Carl W. Vogt(3)                         $4                 $189,000      

*        The Fund commenced operations on July 5, 2006.                         

(1)      The DWS Fund Complex is composed of 155 funds as of December 31, 2006. 

(2)      Includes  $50,000 in annual  retainer  fees in Ms.  Driscoll's  role as
Chairperson of the Board.                                     

(3)      For each Board Member,  except Mr. Becton,  Mr.  Froewiss and Mr. Vogt,
         total  compensation  for calendar year 2006 includes  compensation  for
         service  on  the  boards  of  34  trusts/corporations  comprised  of 87
         funds/portfolios.  For Messrs.  Becton and Vogt total  compensation for
         calendar year 2006 includes  compensation  for service on the boards of
         32  trusts/corporations  comprised  of  85  funds/portfolios.  For  Mr.

68

P-->497517th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 517th
         Froewiss   total   compensation   for  calendar   year  2006   includes
         compensation  for  services  on the  boards  of 37  trusts/corporations
comprised of 90 funds/portfolios.                             

(4)      Aggregate  compensation  includes amounts paid to the Board Members for
         special  meetings of ad hoc committees of the board in connection  with
         the  possible  consolidation  of the various DWS Fund boards and funds,
         meetings for considering fund expense simplification  initiatives,  and
         consideration  of issues  specific  to the Funds'  direct  shareholders
         (i.e., those shareholders who did not purchase shares through financial
         intermediaries).  Such amounts totaled $16,000 for Ms. Driscoll, $1,000
         for Mr. Fox, $17,000 for Mr. Froewiss,  $1,000 for Dr. Herring, $16,000
         for Mr.  Jones,  $17,000 for Dr.  Saunders,  $16,000 for Mr. Searcy and
         $16,000  for Ms.  Stromberg.  These  meeting  fees  were  borne  by the
applicable DWS Funds.                                         

Board Member Ownership in the Fund(1)                                           

The  following  table shows the dollar range of equity  securities  beneficially
owned by each Board  Member in the Fund and DWS Fund  Complex as of December 31,
2006.                                                                           

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

                           Dollar Range of Beneficial      Aggregate Dollar Range of     
                                Ownership in DWS       Ownership in all Funds Overseen by
                               International Value                Board Member           
Board Member                   Opportunities Fund          in the DWS Fund Complex(2)    
------------                   ------------------          --------------------------    

Independent Board Member:                                                                
-------------------------                                                                

                                                                                         
Henry P. Becton, Jr.                  None                     Over $100,000             
Dawn-Marie Driscoll                   None                     Over $100,000             
Keith R. Fox                          None                     Over $100,000             
Kenneth C. Froewiss                $1-$10,000                  Over $100,000             
Martin J. Gruber                      None                     Over $100,000             
Richard J. Herring                    None                     Over $100,000             
Graham E. Jones                       None                     Over $100,000             
Rebecca W. Rimel                      None                     Over $100,000             
Philip Saunders, Jr.                  None                     Over $100,000             
William N. Searcy, Jr.                None                     Over $100,000             
Jean Gleason Stromberg                None                     Over $100,000             
Carl W. Vogt                          None                     Over $100,000             

Interested Board Member:                                                                 
------------------------                                                                 

Axel Schwarzer                        None                       Over $100,000           

(1)      The amount shown  includes  share  equivalents of funds which the Board
         Member  is  deemed  to be  invested  pursuant  to the  Fund's  deferred
         compensation   plan.  The  inclusion   therein  of  any  shares  deemed
         beneficially  owned does not  constitute  an  admission  of  beneficial
ownership of the shares.                                      

(2)      Securities  beneficially  owned as defined  under the 1934 Act  include
         direct and/or indirect ownership of securities where the Board Member's
         economic interest is tied to the securities,  employment  ownership and
         securities  when the Board  Member can exert  voting power and when the
         Board Member has  authority to sell the  securities.  The dollar ranges
         are:  None,   $1-$10,000,   $10,001-$50,000,   $50,001-$100,000,   over
$100,000.                                                     

Ownership in Securities of the Advisor and Related Companies                    

As  reported  to the Fund,  the  information  in the  following  table  reflects
ownership by the Independent Board Members and their immediate family members of
certain  securities as of December 31, 2006. An immediate family member can be a
spouse,  children  residing in the same  household  including  step and adoptive
children and any                                                                

69

P-->497518th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 518th
dependents.  The  securities  represent  ownership  in the Advisor or  principal
underwriter  of the Fund and any  persons  (other than a  registered  investment
company)  directly or  indirectly  controlling,  controlled  by, or under common
control  with the  Advisor  or  principal  underwriter  of the  Fund  (including
Deutsche Bank AG).                                                              

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

                                                                 Value of     Percent of 
                           Owner and                           Securities on  Class on an
Independent             Relationship to              Title of  an Aggregate    Aggregate 
Board Member              Board Member      Company    Class       Basis         Basis   
------------              ------------      -------    -----       -----         -----   

                                                                                         
Henry P. Becton, Jr.                     None                                            
Dawn-Marie Driscoll                      None                                            
Keith R. Fox                             None                                            
Kenneth C. Froewiss                      None                                            
Martin J. Gruber                         None                                            
Richard J. Herring                       None                                            
Graham E. Jones                          None                                            
Rebecca W. Rimel                         None                                            
Philip Saunders, Jr.                     None                                            
William N. Searcy, Jr.                   None                                            
Jean Gleason Stromberg                   None                                            
Carl W. Vogt                             None                                            

Securities Beneficially Owned                                                   

As of November 7, 2007, the Board Members and officers of the Corporation owned,
as a group, less than 1% of the outstanding shares of the Fund.                 

To the best of the Fund's knowledge,  as of November 7, 2007, no person owned of
record or beneficially 5% or more of any class of the Fund's outstanding shares,
except as noted below.                                                          

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

Name and Address of Investor Ownership               Shares            % of Total Shares      
--------------------------------------               ------            -----------------      

                                                                                              
DEUTSCHE INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT AMERICAS INC        93,386.7650        29.30 % of Class A      
NEW YORK NY  10017-1216                                                                       

CHARLES SCHWAB & CO INC                            65,019.0130        20.40 % of Class A      
SPECIAL CUSTODY ACCOUNT FOR THE                                                               
EXCLUSIVE BENEFIT OF                                                                          
CUSTOMERS                                                                                     
 SAN FRANCISCO CA  94104-4151                                                                 

MLPF&S FOR THE SOLE BENEFIT OF ITS CUSTOMERS       17,766.3730         5.57 % of Class A      
JACKSONVILLE FL  32246                                                                        

STATE STREET BANK & TRUST CO                      255,253.2170  36.59 % of Institutional Class
CUST FBO                                                                                      
DWS LIFECOMPASS 2015                                                                          
FUND                                                                                          
QUINCY MA  02171-2105                                                                         

STATE STREET BANK & TRUST CO                      188,546.4570  27.02 % of Institutional Class
CUST FBO                                                                                      
DWS LIFECOMPASS 2020                                                                          
FUND                                                                                          
QUINCY MA  02171-2105                                                                         

                                       70                                                     

P-->497519th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 519th
Name and Address of Investor Ownership               Shares            % of Total Shares      
--------------------------------------               ------            -----------------      

DEUTSCHE INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT AMERICAS INC        93,794.4180  13.44 % of Institutional Class
NEW YORK NY  10017-1216                                                                       

STATE STREET BANK & TRUST CO                       79,326.2520  11.37 % of Institutional Class
CUST FBO                                                                                      
DWS LIFECOMPASS RETIREMENT                                                                    
FUND                                                                                          
 QUINCY MA  02171-2105                                                                        

STATE STREET BANK & TRUST CO                       77,060.3140  11.05 % of Institutional Class
CUST FBO                                                                                      
DWS LIFECOMPASS 2030                                                                          
FUND                                                                                          
QUINCY MA  02171-2105                                                                         

DEUTSCHE INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT AMERICAS INC        92,388.3240        35.23 % of Class C      
NEW YORK NY  10017-1216                                                                       

MLPF&S FOR THE SOLE BENEFIT OF ITS CUSTOMERS       43,792.3590        16.70 % of Class C      
 JACKSONVILLE FL  32246                                                                       

DEUTSCHE INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT AMERICAS INC        93,731.3650        30.84 % of Class S      
NEW YORK NY  10017-1216                                                                       

MERRILL LYNCH PIERCE FENNER & SMITH FOR THE SOLE   79,227.8490        26.07 % of Class S      
BENEFITS OF ITS                                                                               
CUSTOMERS                                                                                     
JACKSONVILLE FL  32246-6484                                                                   

DWS TRUST COMPANY CUST                             15,691.7130         5.16 % of Class S      
WHITE SALMON WA  98672-1432                                                                   

Agreement to Indemnify Independent Directors for Certain  Expenses              

In connection with litigation or regulatory  action related to possible improper
market timing or other improper trading activity or possible improper  marketing
and sales  activity  in the Funds,  each Fund's  investment  advisor has agreed,
subject to  applicable  law and  regulation,  to indemnify and hold harmless the
applicable  Funds  against  any and all loss,  damage,  liability  and  expense,
arising  from  market  timing or  marketing  and sales  matters  alleged  in any
enforcement actions brought by governmental authorities involving or potentially
affecting the Funds or the investment  advisor  ("Enforcement  Actions") or that
are the basis for private  actions  brought by shareholders of the Funds against
the Funds,  their directors and officers,  the Funds' investment  advisor and/or
certain other parties ("Private Litigation"), or any proceedings or actions that
may  be  threatened  or  commenced  in  the  future  by  any  person  (including
governmental authorities), arising from or similar to the matters alleged in the
Enforcement Actions or Private Litigation.  In recognition of its undertaking to
indemnify  the  applicable  Funds  and in  light of the  rebuttable  presumption
generally  afforded to independent  directors/trustees  of investment  companies
that they have not engaged in disabling conduct,  each Fund's investment advisor
has also agreed,  subject to  applicable  law and  regulation,  to indemnify the
applicable  Funds'  Independent   Directors  against  certain   liabilities  the
Independent  Directors  may incur from the  matters  alleged in any  Enforcement
Actions or Private  Litigation or arising from or similar to the matters alleged
in the Enforcement Actions or Private Litigation,  and advance expenses that may
be  incurred by the  Independent  Director in  connection  with any  Enforcement
Actions  or  Private  Litigation.  The  applicable  investment  advisor  is not,
however,  required to provide  indemnification and advancement of expenses:     

71

P-->497520th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 520th
(1) with  respect  to any  proceeding  or  action  with  respect  to  which  the
applicable  Fund's Board  determines  that the Independent  Director  ultimately
would  not be  entitled  to  indemnification  or (2)  for any  liability  of the
Independent Director to the Funds or their shareholders to which the Independent
Director would otherwise be subject by reason of willful misfeasance, bad faith,
gross negligence or reckless disregard of the Independent Director's duties as a
director or trustee of the Funds as determined in a final  adjudication  in such
action or proceeding.  The estimated amount of any expenses that may be advanced
to the  Independent  Directors  or  indemnity  that  may be  payable  under  the
indemnity  agreements  is currently  unknown.  These  agreements  by each Fund's
investment  advisor will survive the  termination of the  investment  management
agreements between the applicable investment advisor and the Funds.             

 FUND ORGANIZATION

DWS International  Fund, Inc. (the  "Corporation") was organized as Scudder Fund
of Canada Ltd. in Canada in 1953 by the investment  management  firm of Scudder,
Stevens  & Clark,  Inc.  On March 16,  1964,  the name of this  Corporation  was
changed  to  Scudder  International  Investments  Ltd.  On July  31,  1975,  the
corporate  domicile  of this  Corporation  was  changed  to the US  through  the
transfer  of its net  assets to a newly  formed  Maryland  corporation,  Scudder
International  Fund, Inc., in exchange for shares of the Corporation  which then
were distributed to the  shareholders of the  Corporation.  On February 6, 2006,
the name of the Corporation was changed from Scudder International Fund, Inc. to
DWS International Fund, Inc.                                                    

The authorized capital stock of the Corporation consists of 2,447,923,888 shares
of a par value of $.01 each,  which  capital  stock has been  divided  into five
series:  DWS International  Fund, the original series;  DWS Latin America Equity
Fund,  organized in December 1992; DWS Europe Equity Fund,  organized in October
1994;  DWS  Emerging  Markets  Equity  Fund,  organized  in  May  1996  and  DWS
International  Value  Opportunities  Fund  organized  in July 2006.  Each series
consists of 320 million shares, except for DWS International Fund which consists
of  620,595,597  shares,  DWS Latin  America  Equity Fund which  consists of 340
million shares and DWS Europe Equity Fund which consists of 420 million  shares.
DWS  International  Value  Opportunities  Fund is divided  into four  classes of
shares: Class A, Class C, Class S and Institutional Class shares. Class S shares
of the Fund are offered through a separate statement of additional information. 

The Corporation is a Maryland  corporation  organized under the laws of Maryland
and is governed by Amended and  Restated  Articles of  Incorporation,  as may be
further amended from time to time (the "Articles of Incorporation").  All shares
issued and outstanding are fully paid and non-assessable,  transferable, have no
pre-emptive  rights  (except as may be  determined by the Board of Directors) or
conversion rights (except as described below) and are redeemable as described in
the SAI and in the  Fund's  prospectus.  Each share has equal  rights  with each
other share of the same class of the Fund as to voting, dividends, exchanges and
liquidation.  Shareholders  are  entitled  to one vote for each  share  held and
fractional votes for fractional shares held.                                    

The Board of Directors may determine  that shares of a fund or a class of a fund
shall be automatically  converted into shares of another fund of the Corporation
or of another class of the same or another Fund based on the relative net assets
of such Fund or class at the time of conversion. The Board of Directors may also
provide that the holders of shares of a fund or a class of a fund shall have the
right to convert or exchange their shares into shares of one or more other funds
or classes on terms established by the Board of Directors.                      

Each share of the  Corporation  may be subject to such sales  loads or  charges,
expenses and fees, account size  requirements,  and other rights and provisions,
which may be the same or different  from any other share of the  Corporation  or
any  other  share of any fund or class of a fund  (including  shares of the same
Fund or class as the share),  as the Board of Directors of the  Corporation  may
establish or change from time to time and to the extent permitted under the 1940
Act.                                                                            

The Corporation is not required to hold an annual meeting of shareholders in any
year in which the  election of  Directors  is not required by the 1940 Act. If a
meeting of  shareholders  of the Corporation is required by the 1940 Act to take
action on the election of  Directors,  then an annual  meeting  shall be held to
elect  Directors  and take such other  action as may come  before  the  meeting.
Special meetings of the shareholders of the Corporation,  or of the shareholders
of one or more Funds or classes  thereof,  for any purpose or  purposes,  may be
called at any time by the                                                       

72

P-->497521st Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 521st
Board of Directors or by the President,  and shall be called by the President or
Secretary at the request in writing of shareholders  entitled to cast a majority
of the votes entitled to be cast at the meeting.                                

Except as  provided in the 1940 Act,  the  presence in person or by proxy of the
holders  of  one-third  of the  shares  entitled  to  vote  at a  meeting  shall
constitute a quorum for the  transaction of business at meetings of shareholders
of the Corporation or of a fund or class.                                       

On any matter submitted to a vote of shareholders, all shares of the Corporation
entitled  to vote  shall be voted in the  aggregate  as a single  class  without
regard  to  series  or  classes  of  shares,  provided,  however,  that (a) when
applicable law requires that one or more series or classes vote separately, such
series or classes shall vote  separately  and,  subject to (b) below,  all other
series  or  classes  shall  vote in the  aggregate;  and (b) when  the  Board of
Directors determines that a matter does not affect the interests of a particular
series or class, such series or class shall not be entitled to any vote and only
the shares of the affected series or classes shall be entitled to vote.         

Notwithstanding any provision of Maryland corporate law requiring  authorization
of any action by a greater  proportion  than a majority  of the total  number of
shares  entitled  to vote  on a  matter,  such  action  shall  be  effective  if
authorized by the majority vote of the outstanding shares entitled to vote.     

Subject to the requirements of applicable law and any procedures  adopted by the
Board of Directors from time to time,  the holders of shares of the  Corporation
or any one or more  series or classes  thereof may take action or consent to any
action by delivering a consent, in writing or by electronic transmission, of the
holders entitled to cast not less than the minimum number of votes that would be
necessary to authorize or take the action at a formal meeting.                  

The Articles of  Incorporation  provide that the Board of Directors  may, in its
discretion,  establish  minimum  investment  amounts for  shareholder  accounts,
impose  fees on  accounts  that do not  exceed a minimum  investment  amount and
involuntarily  redeem  shares in any such  account in payment of such fees.  The
Board of Directors,  in its sole  discretion,  also may cause the Corporation to
redeem all of the  shares of the  Corporation  or one or more  series or classes
held by any  shareholder for any reason,  to the extent  permissible by the 1940
Act,  including (a) if the shareholder owns shares having an aggregate net asset
value  of  less  than a  specified  minimum  amount,  (b)  if the  shareholder's
ownership of shares would disqualify a series from being a regulated  investment
company, (c) upon a shareholder's  failure to provide sufficient  identification
to permit the  Corporation  to verify  the  shareholder's  identity,  (d) upon a
shareholder's  failure to pay for shares or meet or maintain the  qualifications
for  ownership  of a particular  series or class,  (e) if the Board of Directors
determines (or pursuant to policies  established by the Board of Directors it is
determined)  that share  ownership by a shareholder is not in the best interests
of the  remaining  shareholders,  (f)  when  the  Corporation  is  requested  or
compelled to do so by  governmental  authority or applicable  law, or (g) upon a
shareholder's  failure to comply with a request for information  with respect to
the direct or indirect  ownership  of shares of the  Corporation.  By  redeeming
shares the  Corporation  may terminate a fund or any class  without  shareholder
approval,  and the  Corporation may suspend the right of shareholders to require
the Corporation to redeem shares to the extent  permissible  under the 1940 Act.
Payment  for shares  redeemed  shall be made in cash or other  property,  or any
combination thereof; provided, however, that the composition of any such payment
(e.g.,  cash,  securities  and/or  other  assets)  to any  shareholder  shall be
determined by the Corporation in its sole discretion, and may be different among
shareholders  (including  differences  among  shareholders  in the same  fund or
class).                                                                         

Except  as  otherwise   permitted  by  the  Articles  of  Incorporation  of  the
Corporation, upon liquidation or termination of a fund or class, shareholders of
such  fund or  class  of a fund  shall  be  entitled  to  receive,  pro  rata in
proportion to the number of shares of such fund or class held by each of them, a
share of the net assets of such Fund or class,  and the holders of shares of any
other  particular fund or class shall not be entitled to any such  distribution,
provided,  however,  that the  composition  of any  such  payment  (e.g.,  cash,
securities  and/or other assets) to any  shareholder  shall be determined by the
Corporation  in its sole  discretion,  and may be different  among  shareholders
(including differences among shareholders in the same fund or class).           

The  Corporation's  Board  of  Directors  supervises  a fund's  activities.  The
Corporation  adopted  a plan  pursuant  to Rule  18f-3  under  the 1940 Act (the
"Plan") to permit the  Corporation  to establish a multiple  class  distribution
system for its funds.                                                           

73

P-->497522nd Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 522nd
Under the  Plan,  each  class of shares  will  represent  interests  in the same
portfolio of investments of the series, and be identical in all respects to each
other class,  except as set forth below. The only differences  among the various
classes  of  shares  of  the  Series  will  relate   solely  to:  (a)  different
distribution fee payments or service fee payments associated with any Rule 12b-1
Plan  for a  particular  class  of  shares  and  any  other  costs  relating  to
implementing or amending such Rule 12b-1 Plan (including  obtaining  shareholder
approval of such Rule 12b-1 Plan or any amendment thereto),  which will be borne
solely by  shareholders  of such  class;  (b)  different  service  fee  payments
associated with a service plan for a specific class and any other costs relating
to implementing or amending such service plan; (c) different  account  minimums;
(d) the bearing by each class of its Class Expenses,  as defined below;  (e) the
voting  rights  related  to any Rule 12b-1 Plan  affecting  a specific  class of
shares; (f) separate exchange privileges;  (g) different conversion features and
(h) different class names and  designations.  Expenses  currently  designated as
"Class Expenses" by the Corporation's Board of Directors under the Plan include,
for example,  transfer agency fees  attributable to a specific class and certain
securities registration fees.                                                   

 PROXY VOTING GUIDELINES

The Fund has delegated proxy voting responsibilities to the Advisor,  subject to
the  Board's  general  oversight.  The Fund has  delegated  proxy  voting to the
Advisor with the  direction  that proxies  should be voted  consistent  with the
Fund's best  economic  interests.  The Advisor has adopted its own Proxy  Voting
Policies and Procedures ("Policies"), and Proxy Voting Guidelines ("Guidelines")
for this  purpose.  The  Policies  address,  among other  things,  conflicts  of
interest that may arise between the interests of the Fund,  and the interests of
the Advisor and its affiliates,  including the Fund's principal underwriter. The
Guidelines set forth the Advisor's general position on various  proposals,  such
as:                                                                             

o        Shareholder  Rights -- The Advisor  generally  votes against  proposals
that restrict shareholder rights.                             

o        Corporate  Governance -- The Advisor  generally votes for  confidential
         and cumulative voting and against supermajority voting requirements for
         charter and bylaw amendments. The Advisor generally votes for proposals
         to restrict a chief  executive  officer from serving on more than three
         outside  boards of  directors.  The  Advisor  generally  votes  against
         proposals  that  require a company  to  appoint  a  Chairman  who is an
independent director.                                         

o        Anti-Takeover Matters -- The Advisor generally votes for proposals that
         require shareholder ratification of poison pills or that request boards
         to redeem poison pills,  and votes against the adoption of poison pills
         if  they  are  submitted  for  shareholder  ratification.  The  Advisor
generally votes for fair price proposals.                     

o        Compensation  Matters -- The Advisor generally votes for executive cash
         compensation  proposals,  unless they are unreasonably  excessive.  The
         Advisor generally votes against stock option plans that do not meet the
Advisor's criteria.                                           

o        Routine Matters -- The Advisor  generally votes for the ratification of
         auditors,  procedural matters related to the annual meeting and changes
 in company name, and against bundled proposals and adjournment.

The general provisions described above do not apply to investment companies. The
Advisor generally votes proxies solicited by investment  companies in accordance
with the  recommendations  of an  independent  third  party,  except for proxies
solicited by or with respect to investment companies for which the Advisor or an
affiliate serves as the Advisor or principal underwriter ("affiliated investment
companies"). The Advisor votes affiliated investment company proxies in the same
proportion as the vote of the investment company's other shareholders (sometimes
called  "mirror" or "echo"  voting).  Master fund proxies  solicited from feeder
funds are voted in accordance  with  applicable  requirements  of the Investment
Company Act of 1940.                                                            

Although the  Guidelines  set forth the Advisor's  general  voting  positions on
various proposals,  the Advisor may,  consistent with the Funds' best interests,
determine under some circumstances to vote contrary to those positions.         

74

P-->497523rd Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 523rd
The  Guidelines  on a  particular  issue  may or may  not  reflect  the  view of
individual members of the Board or of a majority of the Board. In addition,  the
Guidelines may reflect a voting position that differs from the actual  practices
of  the  public  companies  within  the  Deutsche  Bank  organization  or of the
investment  companies for which the Advisor or an affiliate serves as investment
advisor or sponsor.                                                             

The  Advisor  may  consider  the views of a portfolio  company's  management  in
deciding how to vote a proxy or in establishing general voting positions for the
Guidelines, but management's views are not determinative.                       

As mentioned above, the Policies  describe the way in which the Advisor resolves
conflicts  of  interest.  To  resolve  conflicts,   the  advisor,  under  normal
circumstances, votes proxies in accordance with its Guidelines.                 

If the Advisor departs from the Guidelines with respect to a particular proxy or
if the Guidelines do not specifically  address a certain proxy proposal, a proxy
voting committee  established by the advisor will vote the proxy.  Before voting
any such proxy,  however,  the Advisor's conflicts review committee will conduct
an investigation to determine whether any potential  conflicts of interest exist
in connection  with the  particular  proxy  proposal.  If the  conflicts  review
committee  determines that the Advisor has a material  conflict of interest,  or
certain  individuals  on the  proxy  voting  committee  should be  recused  from
participating  in a  particular  proxy  vote,  it will  inform the proxy  voting
committee.  If notified that the Advisor has a material conflict,  or fewer than
three voting members are eligible to  participate  in the proxy vote,  typically
the Advisor will engage an  independent  third party to vote the proxy or follow
the proxy voting recommendations of an independent third party.                 

Under certain circumstances,  the Advisor may not be able to vote proxies or the
Advisor  may find that the  expected  economic  costs from voting  outweigh  the
benefits  associated with voting. For example,  the Advisor may not vote proxies
on certain foreign securities due to local restrictions or customs.  The Advisor
generally  does  not vote  proxies  on  securities  subject  to  share  blocking
restrictions.                                                                   

You may  obtain  information  about how the Fund  voted  proxies  related to its
portfolio  securities  during the 12-month  period ended June 30 by visiting the
Securities and Exchange  Commission's Web site at www.sec.gov or by visiting our
Web site at:  dws-scudder.com  (click on  "proxy  voting"  at the  bottom of the
page).                                                                          

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The financial statements,  including the portfolio of investments,  of the Fund,
together  with the Report of  Independent  Registered  Public  Accounting  Firm,
Financial  Highlights and notes to financial  statements in the Annual Report to
the Shareholders of the Fund dated August 31, 2007, are  incorporated  herein by
reference  and are hereby  deemed to be a part of this  Statement of  Additional
Information.                                                                    

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

The CUSIP numbers for each class of DWS International  Value  Opportunities Fund
offered herein are:                                                             

Class A:                   23337R650                                            

Class C:                   23337R643                                            

Institutional Class:       23337R635                                            

DWS International Value Opportunities Fund has a fiscal year ending August 31.  

Many of the investment changes in the Fund will be made at prices different from
those  prevailing  at the time  they may be  reflected  in a  regular  report to
shareholders of the Fund. These transactions will reflect  investment  decisions
made by the Advisor in light of the Fund's  investment  objective  and policies,
its other portfolio holdings and tax considerations, and should not be construed
as recommendations for similar action by other investors.                       

75

P-->497524th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 524th
The Fund's  Prospectuses  and this  Statement  of  Additional  Information  omit
certain information  contained in the Registration  Statement which the Fund has
filed with the SEC under the Securities Act of 1933 and reference is hereby made
to the Registration  Statement for further  information with respect to the Fund
and  the  securities  offered  hereby.  This  Registration   Statement  and  its
amendments  are available for inspection by the public at the SEC in Washington,
D.C.                                                                            

76

P-->497525th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 525th
RATINGS OF INVESTMENTS

Standard & Poor's Corporation Bond Ratings                                      

AAA.  Debt  rated AAA had the  highest  rating  assigned  by  Standard & Poor's.
Capacity to pay interest and repay principal is extremely strong.               

AA. Debt rated AA has a very strong capacity to pay interest and repay principal
and differs from the higher rated issues only in small degree.                  

A. Debt  rated A has a strong  capacity  to pay  interest  and  repay  principal
although it is somewhat more  susceptible  to the adverse  effects of changes in
circumstances and economic conditions than debt in higher rated categories.     

BBB.  Debt rated BBB is regarded as having an adequate  capacity to pay interest
and  repay  principal.   Whereas  it  normally  exhibits   adequate   protection
parameters,  adverse  economic  conditions  or changing  circumstances  are more
likely to lead to a weakened  capacity to pay interest and repay  principal  for
debt in this category than in higher rated categories.                          

BB, B, CCC, CC and C. Debt rated BB, B, CCC, CC and C is  regarded,  on balance,
as predominantly  speculative with respect to capacity to pay interest and repay
principal in  accordance  with the terms of the  obligation.  BB  indicates  the
lowest degree of speculation and C the highest degree of speculation. While such
debt will likely have some  quality and  protective  characteristics,  these are
outweighed by large uncertainties or major risk exposures to adverse conditions.

CI. The rating CI is  reserved  for income  bonds on which no  interest is being
paid.                                                                           

D. Debt rated D is in  default,  and  payment of interest  and/or  repayment  of
principal is in arrears.                                                        

Moody's Investors Service, Inc. Bond Ratings                                    

AAA. Bonds which are rated Aaa are judged to be of the best quality.  They carry
the  smallest  degree  of  investment  risk  and are  generally  referred  to as
"gilt-edge."  Interest  payments are protected by a large or by an exceptionally
stable margin and principal is secure. While the various protective elements are
likely to change,  such changes as can be visualized are most unlikely to impair
the fundamentally strong position of such issues.                               

Aa. Bonds which are rated Aa are judged to be of high quality by all  standards.
Together with the Aaa group they comprise what are generally known as high-grade
bonds.  They are rated lower than the best bonds  because  margins of protection
may not be as large as in Aaa securities or  fluctuation of protective  elements
may be of greater  amplitude or there may be other  elements  present which make
the long term risks appear somewhat larger than in                              

Aaa securities.                                                                 

A. Bonds which are rated A possess many favorable investment  attributes and are
to be considered as upper medium grade  obligations.  Factors giving security to
principal and interest are considered adequate but elements may be present which
suggest a susceptibility to impairment sometime in the future.                  

Baa. Bonds which are rated Baa are considered as medium grade obligations, i.e.,
they are neither  highly  protected nor poorly  secured.  Interest  payments and
principal  security  appear  adequate  for the present  but  certain  protective
elements may be lacking or may be  characteristically  unreliable over any great
length of time. Such bonds lack outstanding  investment  characteristics  and in
fact have speculative characteristics as well.                                  

Ba.  Bonds  which are rated Ba are judged to have  speculative  elements;  their
future cannot be considered  as well assured.  Often the  protection of interest
and  principal  payments may be very  moderate and thereby not well             

77

P-->497526th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 526th
safeguarded  during  both good and bad times  over the  future.  Uncertainty  of
position characterizes bonds in this class.                                     

B. Bonds  which are rated B  generally  lack  characteristics  of the  desirable
investment.  Assurance of interest and principal  payments or of  maintenance of
other terms of the contract over any long period of time may be small.          

Caa.  Bonds  which are rated Caa are of poor  standing.  Such  issues  may be in
default or there may be present  elements of danger with respect to principal or
interest.                                                                       

Ca. Bonds which are rated Ca represent  obligations  which are  speculative in a
high degree. Such issues are often in default or have other marked shortcomings.

C.  Bonds  which are rated C are the lowest  rated  class of bonds and issues so
rated can be regarded as having  extremely  poor prospects of ever attaining any
real investment standing.                                                       

Fitch Long-Term Debt Ratings                                                    

AAA.  Highest credit  quality.  "AAA" ratings  denote the lowest  expectation of
credit risk. They are assigned only in case of exceptionally strong capacity for
timely payment of financial commitments.  This capacity is highly unlikely to be
adversely affected by foreseeable events.                                       

AA. Very high credit  quality.  "AA"` ratings  denote a very low  expectation of
credit risk.  They indicate very strong capacity for timely payment of financial
commitments.  This  capacity  is not  significantly  vulnerable  to  foreseeable
events.                                                                         

A. High credit quality. "A" ratings denote a low expectation of credit risk. The
capacity for timely payment of financial  commitments is considered strong. This
capacity may, nevertheless, be more vulnerable to changes in circumstances or in
economic conditions than is the case for higher ratings.                        

BBB. Good credit quality.  "BBB" ratings  indicate that there is currently a low
expectation  of credit  risk.  The  capacity  for timely  payment  of  financial
commitments is considered adequate,  but adverse changes in circumstances and in
economic conditions are more likely to impair this capacity.  This is the lowest
investment-grade category.                                                      

BB.  Speculative.  "BB" ratings  indicate that there is a possibility  of credit
risk  developing,  particularly  as the result of adverse  economic  change over
time;  however,  business or  financial  alternatives  may be available to allow
financial  commitments  to be met.  Securities  rated in this  category  are not
investment grade.                                                               

B. Highly  speculative.  "B" ratings  indicate that  significant  credit risk is
present,  but a limited  margin of safety  remains.  Financial  commitments  are
currently being met; however,  capacity for continued payment is contingent upon
a sustained, favorable business and economic environment.                       

CCC,  CC, C. High  default  risk.  Default is a real  possibility.  Capacity for
meeting  financial  commitments  is solely  reliant  upon  sustained,  favorable
business or economic developments.  A "CC" rating indicates that default of some
kind appears probable. "C" ratings signal imminent default.                     

DDD, DD, D. Default.  The ratings of  obligations  in this category are based on
their prospects for achieving  partial or full recovery in a  reorganization  or
liquidation  of  the  obligor.   While  expected   recovery  values  are  highly
speculative  and cannot be estimated with any precision,  the following serve as
general  guidelines.  "DDD" obligations have the highest potential for recovery,
around 90%-100% of outstanding amounts and accrued interest.                    

"DD" indicates potential  recoveries in the range of 50%-90%, and "D" the lowest
recovery  potential,  i.e.,  below 50%.  Entities  rated in this  category  have
defaulted  on some or all of their  obligations.  Entities  rated "DDD" have the
highest  prospect for resumption of  performance or continued  operation with or
without  a  formal  reorganization  process.  Entities  rated  "DD"  and "D" are
generally undergoing a formal reorganization or liquidation process; those      

78

P-->497527th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 527th
rated  "DD" are  likely  to  satisfy  a  higher  portion  of  their  outstanding
obligations,  while  entities  rated "D" have a poor  prospect  for repaying all
obligations.                                                                    

Fitch Short-Term Debt Ratings                                                   

F1.  Highest credit  quality.  Indicates the Best capacity for timely payment of
financial commitments;  may have an added "+" to denote any exceptionally strong
credit feature.                                                                 

F2. Good credit quality. A satisfactory capacity for timely payment of financial
commitments,  but the  margin  of  safety  is not as great as in the case of the
higher ratings.                                                                 

F3.  Fair  credit  quality.   The  capacity  for  timely  payment  of  financial
commitments is adequate;  however,  near-term  adverse changes could result in a
reduction to non-investment grade.                                              

B.  Speculative.  Minimal capacity for timely payment of financial  commitments,
plus  vulnerability  to  near-term  adverse  changes in  financial  and economic
conditions.                                                                     

C. High  default  risk.  Default is a real  possibility.  Capacity  for  meeting
financial commitments is solely reliant upon a sustained, favorable business and
economic environment.                                                           

D. Default. Denotes actual or imminent payment default.                         

Commercial Paper Ratings                                                        

Commercial  paper rated by Standard & Poor's  Ratings  Services  ("S&P") has the
following   characteristics:   Liquidity   ratios  are  adequate  to  meet  cash
requirements.  Long-term  senior  debt is rated "A" or  better.  The  issuer has
access to at least two additional channels of borrowing. Basic earnings and cash
flow  have an  upward  trend  with  allowance  made for  unusual  circumstances.
Typically, the issuer's industry is well established and the issuer has a strong
position  within the industry.  The  reliability  and quality of management  are
unquestioned.  Relative  strength  or weakness  of the above  factors  determine
whether the issuer's commercial paper is rated A-1 or A-2.                      

The ratings  Prime-1 and Prime-2 are the two highest  commercial  paper  ratings
assigned  by Moody's  Investors  Service,  Inc.  ("Moody's").  Among the factors
considered by it in assigning  ratings are the following:  (1) evaluation of the
management of the issuer;  (2) economic  evaluation of the issuer's  industry or
industries and an appraisal of  speculative-type  risks which may be inherent in
certain  areas;  (3)  evaluation  of  the  issuer's   products  in  relation  to
competition and customer  acceptance;  (4) liquidity;  (5) amount and quality of
long-term debt; (6) trend of earnings over a period of ten years;  (7) financial
strength of a parent company and the relationships  which exist with the issuer;
and (8) recognition by the management of obligations which may be present or may
arise as a result of public  interest  questions and  preparations  to meet such
obligations.  Relative  strength  or weakness  of the above  factors  determines
whether the issuer's commercial paper is rated Prime-1 or 2.                    

Municipal Notes                                                                 

Moody's: The highest ratings for state and municipal short-term  obligations are
"MIG 1," "MIG 2," and "MIG 3" (or "VMIG 1," "VMIG 2" and "VMIG 3" in the case of
an issue having a variable rate demand feature). Notes rated "MIG 1" or "VMIG 1"
are judged to be of the "best  quality".  Notes rated "MIG 2" or "VMIG 2" are of
"high  quality," with margins or protection  "ample  although not as large as in
the  preceding  group".  Notes  rated  "MIG  3" or  "VMIG  3" are of  "favorable
quality," with all security  elements  accounted for but lacking the strength of
the preceding grades.                                                           

79

P-->497528th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 528th
S&P:  The  "SP-1"  rating  reflects  a "very  strong or strong  capacity  to pay
principal and interest". Notes issued with "overwhelming safety characteristics"
will be rated "SP-1+".  The "SP-2" rating reflects a "satisfactory  capacity" to
pay principal and interest.                                                     

Fitch:  The highest ratings for state and municipal  short-term  obligations are
"F-1+," "F-1," and "F-2."                                                       

80

P-->497529th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 529th
DWS INTERNATIONAL FUND, INC.

DWS International Value Opportunities Fund
Class S Shares

 STATEMENT OF ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
December 1, 2007

This Statement of Additional  Information is not a prospectus and should be read
in conjunction  with the prospectus (the  "Prospectus"),  dated December 1, 2007
for Class S shares of DWS International Value Opportunities Fund (the `Fund'), a
series of DWS International Fund, Inc. (the "Corporation"), as amended from time
to time,  copies of which may be  obtained  without  charge  by  contacting  DWS
Scudder Distributors,  Inc., 222 South Riverside Plaza, Chicago, Illinois 60606,
1-800-621-1148,  or from  the firm  from  which  this  Statement  of  Additional
Information  was  obtained and is  available  along with other  materials on the
Securities and Exchange Commission's Internet Web site (http://www.sec.gov).    

The Annual Report to Shareholders  dated August 31, 2007 is incorporated  herein
by reference  and is hereby  deemed to be part of this  Statement of  Additional
Information.                                                                    

This Statement of Additional  Information is  incorporated by reference into the
Prospectus of the Fund.                                                         

P-->497530th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 530th
 TABLE OF CONTENTS
                                                                            Page
                                                                            ----

INVESTMENT RESTRICTIONS.......................................................1 
INVESTMENT POLICIES AND TECHNIQUES............................................3 
Investment Objective and Policies..........................................3
  Investment Techniques......................................................3
  Portfolio Holdings........................................................22

MANAGEMENT OF THE FUND.......................................................24 
Investment Advisor........................................................24
  Compensation of Portfolio Managers........................................27

FUND SERVICE PROVIDERS.......................................................31 
Distributor and Underwriter...............................................31
  Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm.............................32
  Legal Counsel.............................................................32
  Custodian, Transfer Agent and Shareholder Service Agent...................32

PORTFOLIO TRANSACTIONS.......................................................33 
PURCHASE AND REDEMPTION OF SHARES............................................36 
DIVIDENDS....................................................................46 
TAXES........................................................................47 
NET ASSET VALUE..............................................................52 
DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS.......................................................53 
FUND ORGANIZATION............................................................63 
PROXY VOTING GUIDELINES......................................................65 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.........................................................66 
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION.......................................................66 
RATINGS OF INVESTMENTS.......................................................67 

i 

P-->497531st Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 531st
 INVESTMENT RESTRICTIONS

Except as otherwise indicated,  the Fund's investment objective and policies are
not fundamental and may be changed without a vote of shareholders.  There can be
no assurance that the Fund's objective will be met.                             

Any  investment  restrictions  herein  which  involve  a maximum  percentage  of
securities  or assets shall not be  considered  to be violated  unless an excess
over the percentage occurs  immediately after and is caused by an acquisition or
encumbrance of securities or assets of, or borrowings by, the Fund.             

The Fund has elected to be treated as a diversified  investment company, as that
term is used in the Investment Act of 1940, as amended (the "1940 Act"),  and as
interpreted or modified by regulatory authority having  jurisdiction,  from time
to time.                                                                        

As a matter of fundamental policy:                                              

1.       The Fund may not borrow money,  except as permitted under the 1940 Act,
         and  as  interpreted  or  modified  by  regulatory   authority   having
jurisdiction, from time to time.                              

2.       The Fund may not issue senior securities, except as permitted under the
         1940 Act,  as amended,  and as  interpreted  or modified by  regulatory
authority having jurisdiction, from time to time.             

3.       The Fund may not concentrate its investments in a particular  industry,
         as that term is used in the 1940 Act, as amended, and as interpreted or
         modified by  regulatory  authority  having  jurisdiction,  from time to
time.                                                         

4.       The Fund may not  engage in the  business  of  underwriting  securities
         issued by others,  except to the extent  that the Fund may be deemed to
         be an  underwriter  in  connection  with the  disposition  of portfolio
securities.                                                   

5.       The Fund may not  purchase  or sell real  estate,  which  term does not
         include  securities of companies which deal in real estate or mortgages
         or investments secured by real estate or interests therein, except that
         the Fund  reserves  freedom  of action to hold and to sell real  estate
acquired as a result of the Fund's ownership of securities.   

6.       The Fund may not purchase or sell  commodities,  except as permitted by
         the 1940  Act,  as  amended,  and as  interpreted  or  modified  by the
regulatory authority having jurisdiction, from time to time.  

7.       The Fund may not make loans except as permitted  under the 1940 Act, as
         amended,  and as interpreted or modified by regulatory authority having
jurisdiction, from time to time.                              

A  fundamental  policy may not be changed  without the approval of a majority of
the outstanding  voting securities of the Fund which, under the 1940 Act and the
rules thereunder and as used in this Statement of Additional Information,  means
the lesser of (1) 67% or more of the voting securities  present at such meeting,
if the holders of more than 50% of the outstanding voting securities of the Fund
are present or  represented  by proxy,  or (2) more than 50% of the  outstanding
voting securities of the Fund.                                                  

The Directors of DWS International  Fund, Inc. have voluntarily  adopted certain
policies  and  restrictions,  which are  observed  in the  conduct of the Fund's
affairs.  These  represent  intentions  of  the  Directors  based  upon  current
circumstances.  Non-fundamental  policies may be changed by the Directors of the
Corporation  without requiring  approval of or, with certain  exceptions,  prior
notice to, shareholders.                                                        

As a matter of nonfundamental policy, the Fund currently does not intend to:    

1 

P-->497532nd Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 532nd
(a)      borrow money in an amount  greater  than 5% of its total assets  except
         (i) for temporary or emergency purposes and (ii) by engaging in reverse
         repurchase   agreements,   dollar  rolls,   or  other   investments  or
         transactions  described in the Fund's registration  statement which may
be deemed to be borrowings;                                   

(b)      enter into either reverse  repurchase  agreements or dollar rolls in an
amount greater than 5% of its total assets;                   

(c)      purchase  securities  on margin or make short  sales,  except (i) short
         sales against the box, (ii) in connection with arbitrage  transactions,
         (iii) for margin deposits in connection with futures contracts, options
         or other  permitted  investments,  (iv) that  transactions  in  futures
         contracts  and  options  shall  not be  deemed  to  constitute  selling
         securities  short,  and (v) that the Fund may  obtain  such  short-term
         credits  as  may  be  necessary   for  the   clearance  of   securities
transactions;                                                 

(d)      purchase  options,  unless  the  aggregate  premiums  paid on all  such
         options  held by the Fund at any time do not  exceed  20% of its  total
         assets; or sell put options, if as a result, the aggregate value of the
         obligations  underlying  such put options would exceed 50% of its total
assets;                                                       

(e)      enter  into  futures  contracts  or  purchase  options  thereon  unless
         immediately  after the  purchase,  the value of the  aggregate  initial
         margin with respect to such futures contracts entered into on behalf of
         the Fund and the premiums  paid for such  options on futures  contracts
         does not  exceed  20% of the fair  market  value  of the  Fund's  total
         assets;  provided that in the case of an option that is in-the-money at
         the time of  purchase,  the  in-the-money  amount  may be  excluded  in
computing the 20% limit;                                      

(f)      purchase warrants if as a result,  such securities,  taken at the lower
         of cost or market value,  would  represent more than 5% of the value of
         the Fund's total assets (for this purpose,  warrants  acquired in units
or attached to securities will be deemed to have no value);   

(g)      lend  portfolio  securities in an amount greater than 33?% of its total
assets;                                                       

(h)      acquire  securities  of  registered  open-end  investment  companies or
         registered unit investment  trusts in reliance on Sections  12(d)(1)(F)
or 12(d)(1)(G) of the 1940 Act.                               

The Fund will not purchase illiquid securities,  including repurchase agreements
maturing in more than seven days, if, as a result thereof,  more than 15% of the
Fund's net assets,  valued at the time of the transaction,  would be invested in
such securities.                                                                

If a percentage  restriction  is adhered to at the time of  investment,  a later
increase or decrease in percentage  beyond the specified  limit resulting from a
change in values or net assets will not be considered a violation.              

Master/feeder  Fund  Structure.  The Board of Directors  has the  discretion  to
retain the current  distribution  arrangement  for the Fund while investing in a
master fund in a master/feeder fund structure as described below.               

A master/feeder fund structure is one in which a fund (a `feeder fund'), instead
of investing  directly in a portfolio of securities,  invests most or all of its
investment  assets in a separate  registered  investment  company  (the  `master
fund') with  substantially  the same  investment  objective  and policies as the
feeder  fund.  Such a  structure  permits  the  pooling of assets of two or more
feeder funds,  preserving  separate  identities or distribution  channels at the
feeder  fund  level.  Based on the  premise  that  certain  of the  expenses  of
operating an investment  portfolio are  relatively  fixed,  a larger  investment
portfolio may eventually  achieve a lower ratio of operating expenses to average
net assets. An existing  investment  company is able to convert to a feeder fund
by  selling  all  of  its  investments,   which  involves  brokerage  and  other
transaction  costs and realization of a taxable gain or loss, or by contributing
its assets to the master  fund and  avoiding  transaction  costs and,  if proper
procedures are followed, the realization of taxable gain or loss.               

2 

P-->497533rd Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 533rd
INVESTMENT POLICIES AND TECHNIQUES

General                                                                         

The Fund is an open-end management  investment company which continuously offers
and redeems shares at net asset value (less  applicable  sales charges or fees).
The Fund is a company  of the type  commonly  known as a mutual  fund.  The Fund
offers  four  classes  of shares:  Class A,  Class C, Class S and  Institutional
Class.  Class A, Class C and Institutional  Class shares of the Fund are offered
through a separate Statement of Additional Information.                         

Investment Objective and Policies                                               

The  Fund  seeks  long-term  capital  appreciation,  with  current  income  as a
secondary objective.                                                            

Under  normal  circumstances,  the  Fund  invests  at least  80% of its  assets,
determined  at the time of  purchase,  in the stocks and other  securities  with
equity  characteristics  of companies in developed  countries outside the United
States.  Almost all the  companies  in which the Fund  invests  are based in the
developed   foreign   countries  that  make  up  the  Morgan   Stanley   Capital
International Europe, Australia and Ear East Index ("MSCI EAFE Index"). The Fund
may also  invest a portion  of its  assets in  companies  based in the  emerging
markets  of Latin  America,  the  Middle  East,  Europe,  Asia and Africa if the
portfolio managers believe that their return potential more than compensates for
the extra risks associated with these markets. While the portfolio managers have
invested in emerging markets in the past, under normal market conditions they do
not consider this a central element of the Fund's strategy.  Typically, the Fund
would  not  hold  more  than  20% of its net  assets  in  emerging  markets.  In
implementing  this overall  strategy,  the Fund may  experience a high portfolio
turnover  rate.  The  Fund  may  also  invest  up to 20% of its  assets  in cash
equivalents,  US  investment-grade  fixed-income  securities,  and US stocks and
other equities.                                                                 

The Fund  invests  for the long  term.  The  portfolio  managers  employ a value
strategy and invest in companies  that they believe are  undervalued.  These are
typically companies that have been historically sound but are temporarily out of
favor.   The  Fund  intends  to  invest  primarily  in  companies  whose  market
capitalizations fall within the normal range of the MSCI EAFE Index.            

The portfolio  managers track several thousand companies to arrive at between 50
to 70 stocks the Fund normally holds. The managers use a variety of quantitative
screens to compare a  company's  stock  price to its book  value,  cash flow and
dividend  yield,  and analyze  individual  companies to identify  those that are
financially sound and appear to have strong potential for long-term growth.     

After narrowing the investment  universe  through the use of valuation  screens,
the portfolio  managers' use of fundamental  research tools lies at the heart of
the  investment  process.  The  portfolio  managers'  process  brings  an  added
dimension to this fundamental research by drawing on the insight of experts from
a range of financial  disciplines - regional  stock market  specialists,  global
industry  specialists,  economists and  quantitative  analysts.  They challenge,
refine and amplify each other's ideas.  Their close  collaboration is a critical
element of the portfolio managers' investment process.                          

The Fund may invest in various  instruments  commonly known as  `derivatives" to
increase or decrease its exposure to an asset class, securities market, index or
currency.  The Fund will  primarily  use futures,  options,  options on futures,
forward currency transactions and swaps. The Fund may also invest in derivatives
to gain  exposure  to the market  while,  at the same time,  maintaining  a high
degree of liquidity in order to meet shareholder redemptions or other needs. Use
of some  derivatives  may have the effect of leveraging the Fund's exposure to a
particular  asset class or other  investment,  which heightens risk but may also
allow  for  enhanced  returns.  In  implementing  this  strategy,  the  Fund may
experience a high portfolio turnover rate.                                      

Investment Techniques                                                           

Descriptions  in  this  Statement  of  Additional  Information  of a  particular
investment  practice  or  technique  in which the Fund may  engage  are meant to
describe  the  spectrum  of  investments  that  the  Advisor  or the  subadvisor

3 

P-->497534th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 534th
(hereinafter the "Advisor") in its discretion might, but is not required to, use
in managing the Fund's  portfolio  assets.  The Advisor may in its discretion at
any time employ such a practice,  technique or instrument  for one or more funds
but not for all funds  advised by it.  Furthermore,  it is possible that certain
types of financial instruments or investment techniques described herein may not
be available, permissible, economically feasible or effective for their intended
purposes in all markets. Certain practices, techniques or instruments may not be
principal  activities of the Fund, but, to the extent employed,  could from time
to time have a material impact on the Fund's performance. The Fund may engage in
certain practices not described herein.                                         

Borrowing.  As a matter of  fundamental  policy,  the Fund may not borrow money,
except as  permitted  under the 1940 Act,  and as  interpreted  or  modified  by
regulatory authority having jurisdiction, from time to time. While the Fund does
not currently  intend to borrow for investment  leveraging  purposes,  if such a
strategy were implemented in the future it would increase the Fund's  volatility
and the risk of loss in a declining  market.  Borrowing by the Fund will involve
special risk  considerations.  The Fund's  assets may change in value during the
time a borrowing is outstanding, thus increasing exposure to capital risk.      

Common  Stocks.  Common  stock is issued by companies to raise cash for business
purposes  and  represents  a  proportionate  interest in the issuing  companies.
Therefore,  the Fund  participates  in the  success or failure of any company in
which  it  holds  stock.  The  market  values  of  common  stock  can  fluctuate
significantly,  reflecting  the  business  performance  of the issuing  company,
investor perception and general economic and financial market movements. Despite
the risk of price volatility, however, common stocks have historically offered a
greater potential for long-term gain on investment, compared to other classes of
financial  assets such as bonds or cash  equivalents,  although  there can be no
assurance that this will be true in the future.                                 

Convertible Securities. The Fund may invest in convertible securities,  that is,
bonds,  notes,  debentures,  preferred  stocks  and other  securities  which are
convertible into common stock. Investments in convertible securities can provide
an  opportunity  for capital  appreciation  and/or income  through  interest and
dividend payments by virtue of their conversion or exchange features.           

The convertible  securities in which the Fund may invest are either fixed income
or zero coupon debt  securities  which may be converted or exchanged at a stated
or  determinable  exchange  ratio into  underlying  shares of common stock.  The
exchange ratio for any particular convertible security may be adjusted from time
to time due to stock splits, dividends, spin-offs, other corporate distributions
or scheduled  changes in the exchange  ratio.  Convertible  debt  securities and
convertible  preferred  stocks,  until converted,  have general  characteristics
similar to both debt and equity  securities.  Although  to a lesser  extent than
with debt securities generally, the market value of convertible securities tends
to decline as interest  rates  increase  and,  conversely,  tends to increase as
interest  rates  decline.  In addition,  because of the  conversion  or exchange
feature,  the market value of convertible  securities  typically  changes as the
market value of the underlying common stocks changes, and, therefore, also tends
to follow  movements  in the  general  market  for equity  securities.  A unique
feature of convertible  securities is that as the market price of the underlying
common stock declines,  convertible  securities tend to trade  increasingly on a
yield basis, and so may not experience  market value declines to the same extent
as the underlying  common stock.  When the market price of the underlying common
stock  increases,  the prices of the  convertible  securities  tend to rise as a
reflection of the value of the underlying common stock,  although  typically not
as much as the  underlying  common stock.  While no securities  investments  are
without risk,  investments in convertible  securities generally entail less risk
than investments in common stock of the same issuer.                            

As debt securities,  convertible  securities are investments which provide for a
stream of income (or in the case of zero coupon securities, accretion of income)
with  generally  higher  yields  than  common  stocks.   Convertible  securities
generally offer lower yields than non-convertible  securities of similar quality
because of their conversion or exchange features.                               

Of course,  like all debt  securities,  there can be no  assurance  of income or
principal payments because the issuers of the convertible securities may default
on their obligations.                                                           

Convertible   securities   generally  are  subordinated  to  other  similar  but
non-convertible  securities of the same issuer,  although  convertible bonds, as
corporate debt  obligations,  enjoy  seniority in right of payment to all equity
securities,                                                                     

4 

P-->497535th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 535th
and  convertible  preferred stock is senior to common stock, of the same issuer.
However, because of the subordination feature, convertible bonds and convertible
preferred  stock  typically  have lower  ratings  than  similar  non-convertible
securities.  Convertible  securities  may be issued as fixed income  obligations
that pay current  income or as zero  coupon  notes and bonds,  including  Liquid
Yield Option Notes ("LYONs"(TM)).                                               

Debt  Securities.  The Fund may invest in debt  securities,  including  bonds of
private  issuers.  Portfolio debt  investments will be selected on the basis of,
among other things,  credit quality,  and the fundamental outlooks for currency,
economic  and interest  rate trends,  taking into account the ability to hedge a
degree  of  currency  or  local  bond  price   risk.   The  Fund  may   purchase
`investment-grade'  bonds,  rated Aaa,  Aa, A or Baa by Moody's or AAA, AA, A or
BBB by S&P or, if unrated,  judged to be of equivalent  quality as determined by
the Advisor.                                                                    

The principal  risks involved with  investments  in bonds include  interest rate
risk, credit risk and pre-payment risk.  Interest rate risk refers to the likely
decline in the value of bonds as  interest  rates rise.  Generally,  longer-term
securities are more susceptible to changes in value as a result of interest-rate
changes than are shorter-term securities. Credit risk refers to the risk that an
issuer of a bond may  default  with  respect  to the  payment of  principal  and
interest.  The  lower  a bond  is  rated,  the  more  it is  considered  to be a
speculative or risky  investment.  Pre-payment risk is commonly  associated with
pooled debt  securities,  such as  mortgage-backed  securities  and asset backed
securities,  but may affect other debt  securities as well.  When the underlying
debt obligations are prepaid ahead of schedule,  the return on the security will
be lower than expected.  Pre-payment  rates usually increase when interest rates
are falling.                                                                    

Depositary  Receipts.  The Fund may invest in sponsored or unsponsored  American
Depositary  Receipts ("ADRs"),  European  Depositary  Receipts ("EDRs"),  Global
Depositary  Receipts ("GDRs"),  International  Depositary  Receipts ("IDRs") and
other types of Depositary  Receipts  (which,  together with ADRs, EDRs, GDRs and
IDRs are hereinafter referred to as "Depositary Receipts").  Depositary Receipts
provide  indirect  investment  in  securities  of  foreign  issuers.  Prices  of
unsponsored Depositary Receipts may be more volatile than if they were sponsored
by  the  issuer  of the  underlying  securities.  Depositary  Receipts  may  not
necessarily be  denominated  in the same currency as the  underlying  securities
into which  they may be  converted.  In  addition,  the  issuers of the stock of
unsponsored   Depositary   Receipts  are  not  obligated  to  disclose  material
information in the United States and, therefore,  there may not be a correlation
between such information and the market value of the Depositary  Receipts.  ADRs
are  Depositary  Receipts which are bought and sold in the United States and are
typically  issued by a US bank or trust company and which evidence  ownership of
underlying  securities by a foreign  corporation.  GDRs, IDRs and other types of
Depositary  Receipts are typically  issued by foreign banks or trust  companies,
although they may also be issued by United States banks or trust companies,  and
evidence  ownership  of  underlying  securities  issued by either a foreign or a
United States corporation. Generally, Depositary Receipts in registered form are
designed for use in the United States securities markets and Depositary Receipts
in bearer form are designed  for use in  securities  markets  outside the United
States. For purposes of the Fund's investment  policies,  the Fund's investments
in ADRs,  GDRs and  other  types of  Depositary  Receipts  will be  deemed to be
investments in the underlying securities.  Depositary Receipts,  including those
denominated  in US dollars  will be subject to foreign  currency  exchange  rate
risk. However, by investing in US  dollar-denominated  ADRs rather than directly
in foreign  issuers' stock, the Fund avoids currency risks during the settlement
period.  In general,  there is a large,  liquid  market in the United States for
most ADRs. However, certain Depositary Receipts may not be listed on an exchange
and therefore may be illiquid securities.                                       

Eurodollar Instruments.  The Fund may make investments in Eurodollar instruments
for hedging purposes or to enhance potential gain. Eurodollar instruments are US
dollar-denominated  futures contracts or options thereon which are linked to the
London Interbank Offered Rate (`LIBOR'),  although foreign  currency-denominated
instruments are available from time to time. Eurodollar futures contracts enable
purchasers to obtain a fixed rate for the lending of funds and sellers to obtain
a fixed rate for borrowings. The Fund might use Eurodollar futures contracts and
options  thereon to hedge against  changes in LIBOR, to which many interest rate
swaps and fixed income instruments are linked.                                  

Eurodollar  Obligations.  Eurodollar bank obligations are US  dollar-denominated
certificates  of deposit and time deposits issued outside the US capital markets
by foreign  branches of US banks and US branches  of foreign  banks.            

5 

P-->497536th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 536th
Eurodollar  obligations  are subject to the same risks that  pertain to domestic
issues,  notably  credit risk,  market risk and  liquidity  risk.  Additionally,
Eurodollar obligations are subject to certain sovereign risks.                  

Foreign  Currencies.  Because  investments  in foreign  securities  usually will
involve currencies of foreign  countries,  and because the Fund may hold foreign
currencies  and  forward  contracts,   futures  contracts,  options  on  foreign
currencies and foreign  currency  futures  contracts and other  currency-related
instruments, the value of the assets of the Fund as measured in U.S. dollars may
be affected  favorably or  unfavorably by changes in foreign  currency  exchange
rates  and  exchange  control  regulations,  and the Fund may  incur  costs  and
experience   conversion   difficulties  and  uncertainties  in  connection  with
conversions between various currencies.  Fluctuations in exchange rates may also
affect the  earning  power and asset  value of the  foreign  entity  issuing the
security.                                                                       

The  strength  or  weakness  of the U.S.  dollar  against  these  currencies  is
responsible for part of the Fund's investment  performance.  If the dollar falls
in value  relative to the  Japanese  yen,  for  example,  the dollar  value of a
Japanese  stock  held in the  portfolio  will rise even  though the price of the
stock remains  unchanged.  Conversely,  if the dollar rises in value relative to
the yen,  the  dollar  value of the  Japanese  stock  will  fall.  Many  foreign
currencies have experienced significant devaluation relative to the dollar.     

Although the Fund values its assets daily in terms of U.S. dollars,  it does not
intend to convert its  holdings  of foreign  currencies  into U.S.  dollars on a
daily basis.  It will do so from time to time, and investors  should be aware of
the costs of  currency  conversion.  Although  foreign  exchange  dealers do not
charge a fee for  conversion,  they do realize a profit based on the  difference
(the `spread')  between the prices at which they are buying and selling  various
currencies.  Thus, a dealer may offer to sell a foreign  currency to the Fund at
one rate,  while  offering a lesser rate of  exchange  should the Fund desire to
resell that currency to the dealer.  The Fund will conduct its foreign  currency
exchange  transactions  either  on a spot  (i.e.,  cash)  basis at the spot rate
prevailing in the foreign  currency  exchange  market,  or through entering into
options or forward or futures contracts to purchase or sell foreign currencies. 

Foreign Fixed Income Securities.  Since most foreign fixed income securities are
not rated,  a fund will invest in foreign fixed income  securities  based on the
Advisor's analysis without relying on published ratings.  Since such investments
will be based upon the Advisor's  analysis  rather than upon published  ratings,
achievement  of a fund's goals may depend more upon the abilities of the Advisor
than would otherwise be the case.                                               

The value of the foreign fixed income  securities  held by a fund,  and thus the
net asset value of a fund's shares, generally will fluctuate with (a) changes in
the perceived creditworthiness of the issuers of those securities, (b) movements
in interest  rates,  and (c) changes in the relative values of the currencies in
which a fund's  investments  in fixed income  securities  are  denominated  with
respect to the US Dollar.  The extent of the fluctuation  will depend on various
factors,  such as the average maturity of a fund's  investments in foreign fixed
income  securities,  and the extent to which a fund  hedges its  interest  rate,
credit and currency exchange rate risks. A longer average maturity  generally is
associated  with a  higher  level  of  volatility  in the  market  value of such
securities in response to changes in market conditions.                         

Investments  in  sovereign  debt,  including  Brady Bonds  (Brady Bonds are debt
securities   issued  under  a  plan  implemented  to  allow  debtor  nations  to
restructure their  outstanding  commercial bank  indebtedness),  involve special
risks. Foreign governmental issuers of debt or the governmental authorities that
control the repayment of the debt may be unable or unwilling to repay  principal
or pay  interest  when due. In the event of default,  there may be limited or no
legal recourse in that, generally,  remedies for defaults must be pursued in the
courts of the defaulting  party.  Political  conditions,  especially a sovereign
entity's  willingness to meet the terms of its fixed income  securities,  are of
considerable  significance.  Also, there can be no assurance that the holders of
commercial bank loans to the same sovereign  entity may not contest  payments to
the holders of sovereign debt in the event of default under commercial bank loan
agreements.  In  addition,  there is no  bankruptcy  proceeding  with respect to
sovereign debt on which a sovereign has  defaulted,  and a fund may be unable to
collect  all or any  part  of its  investment  in a  particular  issue.  Foreign
investment  in certain  sovereign  debt is  restricted  or controlled to varying
degrees,  including  requiring  governmental  approval for the  repatriation  of
income, capital or proceed of sales by foreign investors.  These restrictions or
controls may at times limit or preclude foreign  investment in certain sovereign
debt or increase the costs and expenses of a fund.                              

6 

P-->497537th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 537th
Sovereign  debt of  emerging  market  governmental  issuers is to be  considered
speculative.  Emerging market governmental issuers are among the largest debtors
to commercial banks, foreign governments,  international financial organizations
and other financial  institutions.  Certain emerging market governmental issuers
have  not  been  able to make  payments  of  interest  on or  principal  of debt
obligations as those payments have come due. There is a history of defaults with
respect  to  commercial  bank  loans by  public  and  private  entities  issuing
sovereign  debt.  All or a portion of the  interest  payments  and/or  principal
repayment  with respect to sovereign debt may be  uncollateralized.  Obligations
arising from past restructuring  agreements may affect the economic  performance
and political and social stability of those issuers.                            

The  ability of  emerging  market  country  governmental  issuers to make timely
payments  on their  obligations  is  likely  to be  influenced  strongly  by the
issuer's balance of payments,  including export  performance,  and its access to
international  credits and  investments.  An emerging  market whose  exports are
concentrated  in a few  commodities  could be  vulnerable  to a  decline  in the
international   prices   of  one  or  more  of  those   commodities.   Increased
protectionism  on the part of an emerging  market's  trading partners could also
adversely  affect the country's  exports and diminish its trade account surplus,
if any. To the extent that emerging  markets  receive payment for its exports in
currencies other than dollars or non-emerging market currencies,  its ability to
make debt payments  denominated  in dollars or  non-emerging  market  currencies
could be affected.                                                              

Another factor bearing on the ability of emerging market countries to repay debt
obligations is the level of international reserves of the country.  Fluctuations
in the level of these  reserves  affect the amount of foreign  exchange  readily
available  for  external  debt  payments  and thus  could  have a bearing on the
capacity  of  emerging   market   countries  to  make  payments  on  these  debt
obligations.                                                                    

To the extent that an emerging  market country cannot  generate a trade surplus,
it must  depend on  continuing  loans  from  foreign  governments,  multilateral
organizations or private commercial banks, aid payments from foreign governments
and inflows of foreign investment. The access of emerging markets to these forms
of external  funding may not be certain,  and a withdrawal  of external  funding
could  adversely  affect the capacity of emerging  market  country  governmental
issuers  to make  payments  on  their  obligations.  In  addition,  the  cost of
servicing  emerging  market  debt  obligations  can be  affected  by a change in
international  interest  rates  since the  majority of these  obligations  carry
interest rates that are adjusted periodically based upon international rates.   

Foreign  Investment.  Foreign securities are normally  denominated and traded in
foreign currencies. As a result, the value of the Fund's foreign investments and
the value of its shares may be affected  favorably or  unfavorably by changes in
currency exchange rates relative to the US dollar. There may be less information
publicly  available  about a foreign issuer than about a US issuer,  and foreign
issuers  may not be subject to  accounting,  auditing  and  financial  reporting
standards  and practices  comparable to those in the US. The  securities of some
foreign  issuers are less liquid and at times more volatile  than  securities of
comparable US issuers.  Foreign  brokerage  commissions  and other fees are also
generally  higher  than in the  US.  Foreign  settlement  procedures  and  trade
regulations  may involve  certain risks (such as delay in payment or delivery of
securities or in the recovery of the Fund's assets held abroad) and expenses not
present in the settlement of  investments in US markets.  Payment for securities
without delivery may be required in certain foreign markets.                    

In addition, foreign securities may be subject to the risk of nationalization or
expropriation   of  assets,   imposition  of  currency   exchange   controls  or
restrictions on the  repatriation of foreign  currency,  confiscatory  taxation,
political or  financial  instability  and  diplomatic  developments  which could
affect  the  value of the  Fund's  investments  in  certain  foreign  countries.
Governments   of  many   countries  have  exercised  and  continue  to  exercise
substantial  influence  over many  aspects of the  private  sector  through  the
ownership or control of many  companies,  including some of the largest in these
countries.  As  a  result,  government  actions  in  the  future  could  have  a
significant  effect on economic  conditions which may adversely affect prices of
certain   portfolio   securities.   There  is  also  generally  less  government
supervision and regulation of stock  exchanges,  brokers,  and listed  companies
than in the US.  Dividends or interest on, or proceeds from the sale of, foreign
securities  may be subject  to foreign  withholding  taxes,  and  special US tax
considerations  may apply.  Moreover,  foreign economies may differ favorably or
unfavorably  from the US economy in such  respects  as growth of gross  national
product, rate of inflation, capital reinvestment,  resource self-sufficiency and
balance of payments position.                                                   

7 

P-->497538th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 538th
Legal remedies  available to investors in certain foreign  countries may be more
limited than those  available  with respect to investments in the US or in other
foreign  countries.  The laws of some  foreign  countries  may limit the  Fund's
ability to invest in securities of certain  issuers  organized under the laws of
those foreign countries.                                                        

Of particular  importance,  many foreign  countries are heavily  dependent  upon
exports,  particularly to developed countries,  and, accordingly,  have been and
may continue to be adversely affected by trade barriers,  managed adjustments in
relative currency values, and other protectionist measures imposed or negotiated
by the US and other  countries with which they trade.  These economies also have
been and may continue to be negatively impacted by economic conditions in the US
and other  trading  partners,  which can lower the demand for goods  produced in
those countries.                                                                

The  risks  described  above,   including  the  risks  of   nationalization   or
expropriation of assets,  typically are increased in connection with investments
in `emerging  markets.' For example,  political and economic structures in these
countries may be in their infancy and developing rapidly, and such countries may
lack  the  social,  political  and  economic  stability  characteristic  of more
developed countries (including amplified risk of war and terrorism).  Certain of
these countries have in the past failed to recognize private property rights and
have at times  nationalized and  expropriated  the assets of private  companies.
Investments in emerging markets may be considered speculative.                  

The  currencies  of  certain   emerging   market   countries  have   experienced
devaluations  relative to the US dollar,  and future  devaluations may adversely
affect the value of assets denominated in such currencies. In addition, currency
hedging techniques may be unavailable in certain emerging market countries. Many
emerging  market  countries have  experienced  substantial,  and in some periods
extremely  high,  rates of  inflation or  deflation  for many years,  and future
inflation may adversely  affect the  economies  and  securities  markets of such
countries.                                                                      

In addition, unanticipated political or social developments may affect the value
of  investments  in  emerging   markets  and  the   availability  of  additional
investments  in these  markets.  Any change in the  leadership  or  politics  of
emerging  market  countries,  or  the  countries  that  exercise  a  significant
influence  over  those  countries,  may halt the  expansion  of or  reverse  the
liberalization of foreign investment policies now occurring and adversely affect
existing  investment  opportunities.  The small size, limited trading volume and
relative  inexperience  of the  securities  markets in these  countries may make
investments in securities  traded in emerging markets illiquid and more volatile
than investments in securities traded in more developed countries.  For example,
limited  market  size may cause  prices to be unduly  influenced  by traders who
control  large  positions.  In  addition,  the Fund may be required to establish
special custodial or other arrangements  before making investments in securities
traded  in  emerging  markets.  There  may be  little  financial  or  accounting
information available with respect to issuers of emerging market securities, and
it may be  difficult  as a  result  to  assess  the  value  of  prospects  of an
investment in such securities.                                                  

The risk  also  exists  that an  emergency  situation  may  arise in one or more
emerging  markets as a result of which trading of securities may cease or may be
substantially curtailed and prices for the Fund's securities in such markets may
not be readily available.  The Fund may suspend redemption of its shares for any
period during which an emergency exists,  as determined by the SEC.  Accordingly
if a Fund believes that appropriate circumstances exist, it may apply to the SEC
for a determination  that an emergency is present.  During the period commencing
from a Fund's identification of such condition until the date of the SEC action,
the  Fund's  securities  in the  affected  markets  will be valued at fair value
determined in good faith by or under the direction of the Fund's Board.         

Certain of the foregoing risks may also apply to some extent to securities of US
issuers that are denominated in foreign currencies or that are traded in foreign
markets, or securities of US issuers having significant foreign operations.     

High Yield/High Risk Bonds. The Fund may also purchase debt securities which are
rated below  investment-grade  (commonly referred to as `junk bonds'),  that is,
rated below Baa by Moody's or below BBB by S&P and unrated  securities judged to
be of equivalent quality as determined by the Advisor.  These securities usually
entail greater risk  (including the  possibility of default or bankruptcy of the
issuers of such securities),  generally involve greater  volatility of price and
risk to principal  and income,  and may be less liquid,  than  securities in the
higher rating  categories.  The lower the ratings of such debt  securities,  the
more their risks render them like equity  securities.  Securities rated D may be
in default with respect to payment of principal or interest.                    

8 

P-->497539th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 539th
Issuers of such high yielding  securities often are highly leveraged and may not
have available to them more  traditional  methods of financing.  Therefore,  the
risk  associated  with  acquiring the  securities  of such issuers  generally is
greater than is the case with higher rated  securities.  For example,  during an
economic  downturn  or a  sustained  period of  rising  interest  rates,  highly
leveraged  issuers of high yield  securities  may experience  financial  stress.
During such periods, such issuers may not have sufficient revenues to meet their
interest  payment  obligations.   The  issuer's  ability  to  service  its  debt
obligations may also be adversely affected by specific  corporate  developments,
or the issuer's inability to meet specific projected business forecasts,  or the
unavailability  of  additional  financing.  The risk of loss from default by the
issuer is significantly greater for the holders of high yield securities because
such  securities  are generally  unsecured and are often  subordinated  to other
creditors  of the  issuer.  Prices  and  yields of high  yield  securities  will
fluctuate over time and, during periods of economic  uncertainty,  volatility of
high  yield  securities  may  adversely  affect a fund's  net  asset  value.  In
addition,  investments  in high yield zero coupon or pay-in-kind  bonds,  rather
than  income-bearing  high yield securities,  may be more speculative and may be
subject to greater fluctuations in value due to changes in interest rates.      

The Fund may have  difficulty  disposing  of  certain  high  yield  (high  risk)
securities because they may have a thin trading market.  Because not all dealers
maintain  markets in all high yield  securities,  the Fund anticipates that such
securities  could be sold only to a limited  number of dealers or  institutional
investors.  The lack of a liquid  secondary market may have an adverse effect on
the market price and the Fund's ability to dispose of particular  issues and may
also make it more difficult for a fund to obtain accurate market  quotations for
purposes of valuing the Fund's assets. Market quotations generally are available
on many high yield  issues  only from a limited  number of  dealers  and may not
necessarily  represent  firm bids of such  dealers or prices  for actual  sales.
Adverse publicity and investor perceptions may decrease the values and liquidity
of high yield securities. These securities may also involve special registration
responsibilities,   liabilities   and  costs,   and   liquidity   and  valuation
difficulties.                                                                   

Credit  quality in the  high-yield  securities  market can change  suddenly  and
unexpectedly,  and even recently issued credit ratings may not fully reflect the
actual risks posed by a particular high-yield security. For these reasons, it is
generally the policy of the Advisor not to rely exclusively on ratings issued by
established credit rating agencies,  but to supplement such ratings with its own
independent and on-going review of credit quality. The achievement of the Fund's
investment  objective by investment in such  securities may be more dependent on
the Advisor's credit analysis than is the case for higher quality bonds.  Should
the rating of a portfolio  security be  downgraded,  the Advisor will  determine
whether  it is in the best  interests  of the Fund to retain or  dispose of such
security.                                                                       

Illiquid Securities and Restricted Securities.  The Fund may purchase securities
that are subject to legal or  contractual  restrictions  on resale  ("restricted
securities").  Generally  speaking,  restricted  securities  may be sold  (i) to
qualified  institutional buyers; (ii) in a privately negotiated transaction to a
limited number of purchasers;  (iii) in limited  quantities after they have been
held for a specified  period of time and other conditions are met pursuant to an
exemption  from  registration;  or  (iv)  in  a  public  offering  for  which  a
registration statement is in effect under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the `1933 Act').  Issuers of  restricted  securities  may not be subject to the
disclosure and other investor  protection  requirements that would be applicable
if their securities were publicly traded.                                       

Restricted  securities  are often  illiquid,  but they may also be  liquid.  For
example,  restricted securities that are eligible for resale under Rule 144A are
often deemed to be liquid.                                                      

The Fund's Board has approved  guidelines  for use by the Advisor in determining
whether a security  is liquid or  illiquid.  Among the  factors  the Advisor may
consider in reaching  liquidity  decisions relating to Rule 144A securities are:
(1) the  frequency  of trades  and quotes  for the  security;  (2) the number of
dealers  wishing  to  purchase  or sell the  security  and the  number  of other
potential purchasers;  (3) dealer undertakings to make a market in the security;
and (4) the nature of the security and the nature of the market for the security
(i.e.,  the time  needed to dispose of the  security,  the method of  soliciting
offers, and the mechanics of the transfer.  Issuers of restricted securities may
not be subject to the disclosure and other investor protection  requirement that
would  be  applicable  if  their  securities  were  publicly  traded.   Where  a
registration statement is required for the resale of restricted securities,  the
Fund may be required to bear all or part of the registration  expenses. The Fund
may be deemed to be an "underwriter"  for purposes of the 1933 Act, when selling
restricted  securities to the public and, in such event,  the Fund may be liable

9 

P-->497540th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 540th
to purchasers of such securities if the registration  statement  prepared by the
issuer is materially inaccurate or misleading.                                  

The  Fund  may  also  purchase  securities  that  are not  subject  to  legal or
contractual   restrictions  on  resale,  but  that  are  deemed  illiquid.  Such
securities  may be illiquid,  for example,  because  there is a limited  trading
market for them.                                                                

The Fund may be unable to sell a restricted or illiquid  security.  In addition,
it may be more  difficult to determine a market value for restricted or illiquid
securities.  Moreover,  if adverse market  conditions were to develop during the
period between the Fund's decision to sell a restricted or illiquid security and
the point at which the Fund is permitted or able to sell such security, the Fund
might  obtain a price  less  favorable  than the price  that  prevailed  when it
decided to sell.                                                                

Impact of Large  Redemptions  and  Purchases of Fund Shares.  From time to time,
shareholders  of the Fund (which may include  affiliated  and/or  non-affiliated
registered  investment  companies  that invest in the Fund) may make  relatively
large redemptions or purchases of Fund shares.  These transactions may cause the
Fund to have to sell securities or invest  additional  cash, as the case may be.
While it is impossible to predict the overall impact of these  transactions over
time,  there could be adverse  effects on the Fund's  performance  to the extent
that the Fund may be required to sell securities or invest cash at times when it
would  not  otherwise  do so.  These  transactions  could  also  accelerate  the
realization of taxable  income if sales of securities  resulted in capital gains
and could also increase  transaction  costs, which may impact the Fund's expense
ratio.                                                                          

IPO Risk.  Securities  issued  through  an  initial  public  offering  (IPO) can
experience an immediate drop in value if the demand for the securities  does not
continue to support the  offering  price.  Information  about the issuers of IPO
securities is also difficult to acquire since they are new to the market and may
not have lengthy operating histories.  The Fund may engage in short-term trading
in connection with its IPO investments, which could produce higher trading costs
and  adverse  tax  consequences.  The number of  securities  issued in an IPO is
limited,  so it is likely that IPO securities will represent a smaller component
of the Fund's  portfolio  as the Fund's  assets  increase  (and thus have a more
limited effect on the Fund's performance).                                      

Interfund Borrowing and Lending Program.  The Fund has received exemptive relief
from the SEC,  which  permits the Fund to  participate  in an interfund  lending
program among certain investment companies advised by the Advisor. The interfund
lending  program  allows the  participating  funds to borrow money from and loan
money to each other for temporary or emergency purposes.  The program is subject
to a number of conditions designed to ensure fair and equitable treatment of all
participating  funds,  including  the  following:  (1) no fund may borrow  money
through the program  unless it receives a more  favorable  interest  rate than a
rate  approximating  the  lowest  interest  rate at which  bank  loans  would be
available to any of the participating  funds under a loan agreement;  and (2) no
fund may lend money  through  the program  unless it  receives a more  favorable
return than that available from an investment in repurchase  agreements  and, to
the extent applicable, money market cash sweep arrangements. In addition, a fund
may participate in the program only if and to the extent that such participation
is consistent with the fund's investment  objectives and policies (for instance,
money market  funds would  normally  participate  only as lenders and tax exempt
funds  only as  borrowers).  Interfund  loans and  borrowings  may  extend  only
overnight,  but could have a maximum duration of seven days. Loans may be called
on one day's notice.  A fund may have to borrow from a bank at a higher interest
rate if an interfund loan is called or not renewed.  Any delay in repayment to a
lending fund could result in a lost investment  opportunity or additional costs.
The program is subject to the oversight and periodic review of the Boards of the
participating  funds.  To the extent the Fund is actually  engaged in  borrowing
through  the  interfund  lending  program,  the  Fund  will  comply  with  their
respective nonfundamental policies on borrowing.                                

Investment  Company  Securities.  The  Fund  may  acquire  securities  of  other
investment  companies to the extent consistent with its investment objective and
subject to the  limitations of the 1940 Act. The Fund will  indirectly  bear its
proportionate share of any management fees and other expenses paid by such other
investment companies.                                                           

For example, the Fund may invest in a variety of investment companies which seek
to track the  composition  and  performance  of  specific  indexes or a specific
portion of an index.  These  index-based  investments hold  substantially all of
their assets in securities representing their specific index.  Accordingly,  the
main risk of investing in index-based  investments is the same as investing in a
portfolio  of equity  securities  comprising  the index.  The  market  prices of
index-                                                                          

10

P-->497541st Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 541st
based  investments  will fluctuate in accordance with both changes in the market
value of their underlying  portfolio securities and due to supply and demand for
the  instruments  on the exchanges on which they are traded (which may result in
their trading at a discount or premium to their NAVs).  Index-based  investments
may not replicate  exactly the  performance of their  specified index because of
transaction  costs  and  because  of the  temporary  unavailability  of  certain
component securities of the index.                                              

Examples of index-based investments include:                                    

SPDRs(R):  SPDRs,  an acronym for "Standard & Poor's  Depositary  Receipts," are
based on the S&P 500  Composite  Stock Price Index.  They are issued by the SPDR
Trust,  a unit  investment  trust that  holds  shares of  substantially  all the
companies  in the S&P 500 in  substantially  the  same  weighting  and  seeks to
closely track the price performance and dividend yield of the Index.            

MidCap  SPDRs(R):  MidCap SPDRs are based on the S&P MidCap 400 Index.  They are
issued by the MidCap SPDR Trust, a unit investment  trust that holds a portfolio
of securities  consisting of  substantially  all of the common stocks in the S&P
MidCap 400 Index in substantially  the same weighting and seeks to closely track
the price performance and dividend yield of the Index.                          

Select Sector SPDRs(R):  Select Sector SPDRs are based on a particular sector or
group of  industries  that are  represented  by a specified  Select Sector Index
within the Standard & Poor's Composite Stock Price Index. They are issued by The
Select Sector SPDR Trust, an open-end  management  investment  company with nine
portfolios  that each seeks to closely track the price  performance and dividend
yield of a particular Select Sector Index.                                      

DIAMONDS(SM):  DIAMONDS are based on the Dow Jones Industrial Average(SM).  They
are issued by the DIAMONDS Trust, a unit investment trust that holds a portfolio
of all the component common stocks of the Dow Jones Industrial Average and seeks
to closely track the price performance and dividend yield of the Dow.           

Nasdaq-100 Shares: Nasdaq-100 Shares are based on the Nasdaq 100 Index. They are
issued by the Nasdaq-100  Trust, a unit investment  trust that holds a portfolio
consisting of substantially  all of the securities,  in  substantially  the same
weighting,  as the component stocks of the Nasdaq 100 Index and seeks to closely
track the price performance and dividend yield of the Index.                    

Investment of  Uninvested  Cash  Balances.  The Fund may have cash balances that
have not been invested in portfolio securities  ("Uninvested Cash").  Uninvested
Cash may result  from a variety of  sources,  including  dividends  or  interest
received from portfolio securities, unsettled securities transactions,  reserves
held for  investment  strategy  purposes,  scheduled  maturity  of  investments,
liquidation  of  investment  securities  to  meet  anticipated  redemptions  and
dividend payments, and new cash received from investors.  Uninvested Cash may be
invested  directly  in  money  market   instruments  or  other  short-term  debt
obligations.  Pursuant to an Exemptive Order issued by the SEC, the Fund may use
Uninvested  Cash to purchase  shares of affiliated  funds including money market
funds,  short-term bond funds and Cash Management QP Trust or one or more future
entities  for which the  Advisor  acts as trustee  or  investment  advisor  that
operate as cash  management  investment  vehicles and that are excluded from the
definition of investment  company  pursuant to section 3(c)(1) or 3(c)(7) of the
1940 Act  (collectively,  the "Central  Funds") in excess of the  limitations of
Section  12(d)(1)  of the 1940  Act.  Investment  by the Fund in  shares  of the
Central  Funds will be in  accordance  with the Fund's  investment  policies and
restrictions as set forth in its registration statement.                        

Certain of the Central Funds comply with rule 2a-7 under the 1940 Act. The other
Central Funds are or will be short-term  bond funds that invest in  fixed-income
securities  and maintain a dollar  weighted  average  maturity of three years or
less.  Each of the  Central  Funds will be managed  specifically  to  maintain a
highly liquid  portfolio,  and access to them will enhance the Fund's ability to
manage Uninvested Cash.                                                         

The Fund will invest  Uninvested  Cash in Central  Funds only to the extent that
the Fund's aggregate  investment in the Central Funds does not exceed 25% of its
total  assets.  Purchase  and sales of shares of  Central  Funds are made at net
asset value.                                                                    

11

P-->497542nd Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 542nd
Lending of Portfolio Securities.  The Fund may lend its investment securities to
approved institutional borrowers,  including those who need to borrow securities
in order  to  complete  certain  transactions,  such as  covering  short  sales,
avoiding failures to deliver securities or completing arbitrage  operations.  By
lending  its  investment  securities,  the Fund  attempts  to  increase  its net
investment  income through the receipt of interest on the loan. Any gain or loss
in the market price of the securities loaned that might occur during the term of
the loan would belong to the Fund. The Fund may lend its  investment  securities
so long as the terms,  structure and the aggregate  amount of such loans are not
inconsistent  with the 1940 Act or the rules and regulations or  interpretations
of the SEC thereunder,  which currently require that (a) the borrower pledge and
maintain  with the Fund  collateral  consisting of liquid,  unencumbered  assets
having a value at all times  not less  than 100% of the value of the  securities
loaned,  (b) the  borrower  add to such  collateral  whenever  the  price of the
securities  loaned  rises (i.e.,  the borrower  `marks to the market' on a daily
basis), (c) the loan be made subject to termination by the Fund at any time, and
(d) the Fund  receives  reasonable  interest  on the loan (which may include the
Fund investing any cash collateral in interest bearing short-term  investments),
and  distributions  on the loaned  securities  and any  increase in their market
value. There may be risks of delay in recovery of the securities or even loss of
rights in the collateral should the borrower of the securities fail financially.
However,  loans will be made only to borrowers  selected by the Fund's  delegate
after a  commercially  reasonable  review of relevant  facts and  circumstances,
including the creditworthiness of the borrower.                                 

At the  present  time,  the staff of the SEC does not  object  if an  investment
company pays reasonable negotiated fees in connection with loaned securities, so
long as such  fees are set  forth in a  written  contract  and  approved  by the
investment  company's  Board of Directors.  In addition,  voting rights may pass
with  the  loaned  securities,  but if a  material  event  occurs  affecting  an
investment on loan, the loan must be called and the securities  voted.  Pursuant
to an exemptive order granted by the SEC, cash  collateral  received by the Fund
may be  invested in a money  market  fund  managed by the Advisor (or one of its
affiliates).                                                                    

Micro-Cap Company Risk. While, historically, micro-capitalization company stocks
have  outperformed  the stocks of large  companies,  the former have customarily
involved more investment risk as well.  There can be no assurance that this will
continue  to be true in the  future.  Micro-capitalization  companies  may  have
limited product lines, markets or financial resources; may lack management depth
or experience;  and may be more vulnerable to adverse general market or economic
developments than large companies.  The prices of  micro-capitalization  company
securities  are often more  volatile than prices  associated  with large company
issues,  and can display  abrupt or erratic  movements at times,  due to limited
trading volumes and less publicly available information.                        

Also,  because   micro-capitalization   companies  normally  have  fewer  shares
outstanding and these shares trade less frequently than large companies,  it may
be more  difficult  for the Fund to buy and  sell  significant  amounts  of such
shares without an unfavorable impact on prevailing market prices.               

Some of the  companies  in which the Fund may  invest  may  distribute,  sell or
produce products which have recently been brought to market and may be dependent
on key  personnel.  The securities of  micro-capitalization  companies are often
traded  over-the-counter  and may not be  traded  in the  volumes  typical  on a
national  securities  exchange.  Consequently,  in  order to sell  this  type of
holding,  the Fund may need to discount  the  securities  from recent  prices or
dispose of the securities over a long period of time.                           

Participation  Interests.  The Fund may  purchase  from  financial  institutions
participation   interests  in  securities  in  which  the  Fund  may  invest.  A
participation  interest gives the Fund an undivided  interest in the security in
the  proportion  that the Fund's  participation  interest bears to the principal
amount of the security.  These instruments may have fixed,  floating or variable
interest  rates,  with  remaining  maturities  of  397  days  or  less.  If  the
participation  interest is unrated,  or has been given a rating below that which
is  permissible  for purchase by the Fund,  the  participation  interest will be
backed by an irrevocable letter of credit or guarantee of a bank, or the payment
obligation otherwise will be collateralized by US Government securities,  or, in
the case of unrated participation  interest,  determined by the Advisor to be of
comparable  quality  to those  instruments  in which  the Fund may  invest.  For
certain participation interests, the Fund will have the right to demand payment,
on not  more  than  seven  days'  notice,  for  all or any  part  of the  Fund's
participation  interests in the  security,  plus accrued  interest.  As to these
instruments,  the Fund generally intends to exercise its right to demand payment
only upon a default under the terms of the security.                            

12

P-->497543rd Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 543rd
Privatized Enterprises. Investments in foreign securities may include securities
issued  by  enterprises   that  have  undergone  or  are  currently   undergoing
privatization.  The  governments of certain  foreign  countries have, to varying
degrees,  embarked on privatization  programs  contemplating  the sale of all or
part of their  interests in state  enterprises.  The Fund's  investments  in the
securities  of  privatized   enterprises   may  include   privately   negotiated
investments in a government or  state-owned or controlled  company or enterprise
that has not yet  conducted  an  initial  equity  offering,  investments  in the
initial  offering of equity  securities  of a state  enterprise  or former state
enterprise and investments in the securities of a state enterprise following its
initial equity offering.                                                        

In certain jurisdictions,  the ability of foreign entities, such as the Fund, to
participate in privatizations may be limited by local law, or the price or terms
on which the Fund may be able to participate may be less  advantageous  than for
local investors.  Moreover, there can be no assurance that governments that have
embarked on  privatization  programs will continue to divest their  ownership of
state  enterprises,  that  proposed  privatizations  will be  successful or that
governments will not re-nationalize enterprises that have been privatized.      

In the case of the enterprises in which the Fund may invest, large blocks of the
stock of those  enterprises may be held by a small group of  stockholders,  even
after  the  initial  equity  offerings  by those  enterprises.  The sale of some
portion or all of those blocks could have an adverse  effect on the price of the
stock of any such enterprise.                                                   

Prior to making an initial  equity  offering,  most state  enterprises or former
state  enterprises go through an internal  reorganization  or  management.  Such
reorganizations  are made in an attempt to better  enable these  enterprises  to
compete in the private sector. However,  certain reorganizations could result in
a  management  team  that does not  function  as well as an  enterprise's  prior
management and may have a negative effect on such enterprise.  In addition,  the
privatization  of an  enterprise  by its  government  may occur over a number of
years,  with the  government  continuing to hold a  controlling  position in the
enterprise even after the initial equity offering for the enterprise.           

Prior to  privatization,  most of the  state  enterprises  in which the Fund may
invest  enjoy the  protection  of and receive  preferential  treatment  from the
respective  sovereigns that own or control them.  After making an initial equity
offering,  these  enterprises may no longer have such protection or receive such
preferential  treatment and may become subject to market  competition from which
they were  previously  protected.  Some of these  enterprises may not be able to
operate  effectively in a competitive market and may suffer losses or experience
bankruptcy due to such competition.                                             

Real  Estate  Investment  Trusts  ("REITs").   REITs  are  sometimes  informally
categorized  into equity REITs,  mortgage REITs and hybrid REITs.  Investment in
REITs may subject the Fund to risks associated with the direct ownership of real
estate,  such  as  decreases  in real  estate  values,  overbuilding,  increased
competition  and other risks  related to local or general  economic  conditions,
increases  in  operating  costs and  property  taxes,  changes  in zoning  laws,
casualty or condemnation losses, possible environmental liabilities,  regulatory
limitations on rent and  fluctuations  in rental income.  Equity REITs generally
experience  these risks  directly  through fee or leasehold  interests,  whereas
mortgage REITs generally  experience  these risks  indirectly  through  mortgage
interests,  unless the mortgage REIT  forecloses on the underlying  real estate.
Changes in interest rates may also affect the value of the Fund's  investment in
REITs.  For  instance,  during  periods of  declining  interest  rates,  certain
mortgage REITs may hold mortgages  that the  mortgagors  elect to prepay,  which
prepayment may diminish the yield on securities issued by those REITs.          

Certain REITs have relatively  small market  capitalizations,  which may tend to
increase the  volatility of the market price of their  securities.  Furthermore,
REITs  are  dependent  upon   specialized   management   skills,   have  limited
diversification and are,  therefore,  subject to risks inherent in operating and
financing a limited  number of  projects.  REITs are also  subject to heavy cash
flow dependency, defaults by borrowers and the possibility of failing to qualify
for tax-free  pass-through  of income  under the Code and to maintain  exemption
from the  registration  requirements  of the 1940  Act.  By  investing  in REITs
indirectly  through  the  Fund,  a  shareholder  will  bear  not only his or her
proportionate share of the expenses of the Fund, but also, indirectly,  expenses
of the REITs. In addition,  REITs depend  generally on their ability to generate
cash flow to make distributions to shareholders.                                

13

P-->497544th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 544th
Repurchase  Agreements.  The Fund may enter in repurchase agreements pursuant to
its  investment  guidelines.  In  a  repurchase  agreement,  the  Fund  acquires
ownership of a security and  simultaneously  commits to resell that  security to
the seller, typically a bank or broker/dealer.                                  

A repurchase agreement provides a means for the Fund to earn income on funds for
periods as short as overnight.  It is an  arrangement  under which the purchaser
(i.e., the Fund) acquires a security  ("Obligation")  and the seller agrees,  at
the time of sale, to repurchase  the  Obligation at a specified  time and price.
Securities  subject to a repurchase  agreement are held in a segregated  account
and, as described in more detail below, and the value of such securities kept at
least equal to the repurchase  price on a daily basis.  The repurchase price may
be higher than the purchase price,  the difference  being income to the Fund, or
the purchase and  repurchase  prices may be the same,  with interest at a stated
rate due to the Fund  together with the  repurchase  price upon  repurchase.  In
either case,  the income to the Fund is  unrelated  to the interest  rate on the
Obligation  itself.  Obligations will be held by the Custodian or in the Federal
Reserve Book Entry system.                                                      

It is not clear whether a court would consider the  Obligation  purchased by the
Fund  subject to a  repurchase  agreement as being owned by the Fund or as being
collateral  for a  loan  by  the  Fund  to  the  seller.  In  the  event  of the
commencement of bankruptcy or insolvency  proceedings with respect to the seller
of the  Obligation  before  repurchase  of the  Obligation  under  a  repurchase
agreement,  the Fund may  encounter  delay and incur costs  before being able to
sell the  security.  Delays may involve  loss of interest or decline in price of
the  Obligation.  If the court  characterizes  the transaction as a loan and the
Fund has not perfected a security  interest in the  Obligation,  the Fund may be
required to return the  Obligation  to the seller's  estate and be treated as an
unsecured creditor of the seller. As an unsecured creditor, the Fund would be at
risk  of  losing  some  or all of  the  principal  and  income  involved  in the
transaction.  As with any unsecured debt instrument  purchased for the Fund, the
Advisor  seeks to minimize the risk of loss  through  repurchase  agreements  by
analyzing the  creditworthiness  of the obligor,  in this case the seller of the
Obligation.  Apart from the risk of bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings,  there
is also the risk that the seller may fail to repurchase the Obligation, in which
case  the  Fund may  incur a loss if the  proceeds  to the Fund of the sale to a
third party are less than the  repurchase  price.  However,  if the market value
(including  interest)  of the  Obligation  subject to the  repurchase  agreement
becomes  less than the  repurchase  price  (including  interest),  the Fund will
direct the seller of the Obligation to deliver additional securities so that the
market value  (including  interest) of all securities  subject to the repurchase
agreement will equal or exceed the repurchase price.                            

Repurchase Commitments.  The Fund may enter into repurchase commitments with any
party  deemed   creditworthy  by  the  Advisor,   including  foreign  banks  and
broker/dealers,  if the transaction is entered into for investment  purposes and
the  counterparty's  creditworthiness  is at least  equal to that of  issuers of
securities  which the Fund may purchase.  Such  transactions may not provide the
Fund with collateral marked-to-market during the term of the commitment.        

Reverse  Repurchase  Agreements.  The Fund may enter  into  "reverse  repurchase
agreements," which are repurchase agreements in which the Fund, as the seller of
the securities,  agrees to repurchase them at an agreed time and price. The Fund
maintains a segregated account in connection with outstanding reverse repurchase
agreements. The Fund will enter into reverse repurchase agreements only when the
Advisor  believes that the interest  income to be earned from the  investment of
the proceeds of the transaction will be greater than the interest expense of the
transaction.  Such transactions may increase fluctuations in the market value of
Fund assets and its yield.                                                      

Small Company  Risk.  The Advisor  believes  that many small  companies may have
sales and earnings growth rates which exceed those of larger companies, and that
such  growth  rates  may  in  turn  be  reflected  in  more  rapid  share  price
appreciation  over time.  However,  investing in smaller company stocks involves
greater risk than is  customarily  associated  with  investing  in larger,  more
established companies.  For example,  smaller companies can have limited product
lines,  markets,  or financial and managerial  resources.  Smaller companies may
also be dependent on one or a few key persons,  and may be more  susceptible  to
losses and risks of bankruptcy. Also, the securities of smaller companies may be
thinly traded (and  therefore  have to be sold at a discount from current market
prices or sold in small lots over an extended period of time). Transaction costs
in smaller company stocks may be higher than those of larger companies.         

Sovereign Debt.  Investment in sovereign debt can involve a high degree of risk.
The governmental entity that controls the repayment of sovereign debt may not be
able or willing to repay the  principal  and/or  interest when due              

14

P-->497545th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 545th
in accordance with the terms of such debt. A governmental  entity's  willingness
or  ability  to repay  principal  and  interest  due in a timely  manner  may be
affected by, among other  factors,  its cash flow  situation,  the extent of its
foreign reserves,  the availability of sufficient foreign exchange on the date a
payment is due, the relative size of the debt service burden to the economy as a
whole, the governmental entity's policy toward the International  Monetary Fund,
and the political  constraints  to which a  governmental  entity may be subject.
Governmental  entities  may also be  dependent  on expected  disbursements  from
foreign governments, multilateral agencies and others abroad to reduce principal
and  interest  arrearages  on their debt.  The  commitment  on the part of these
governments,  agencies and others to make such  disbursements may be conditioned
on a governmental  entity's  implementation  of economic reforms and/or economic
performance  and the timely  service of such  debtor's  obligations.  Failure to
implement  such reforms,  achieve such levels of economic  performance  or repay
principal  or  interest  when due may result in the  cancellation  of such third
parties commitments to lend funds to the governmental  entity, which may further
impair such  debtor's  ability or  willingness  to service its debts in a timely
manner. Consequently, governmental entities may default on their sovereign debt.
Holders of sovereign debt may be requested to participate in the rescheduling of
such debt and to extend  further  loans to  governmental  entities.  There is no
bankruptcy  proceeding by which  sovereign debt on which  governmental  entities
have defaulted may be collected in whole or in part.                            

Strategic  Transactions and  Derivatives.  The Fund may, but is not required to,
utilize various other investment  strategies as described below for a variety of
purposes,  such as hedging various market risks, managing the effective maturity
or duration of the fixed-income  securities in the Fund's portfolio or enhancing
potential gain.  These  strategies may be executed through the use of derivative
contracts.                                                                      

In the course of pursuing these investment strategies, the Fund may purchase and
sell  exchange-listed and  over-the-counter  put and call options on securities,
equity and fixed-income indices and other instruments, purchase and sell futures
contracts and options thereon,  enter into various  transactions  such as swaps,
caps, floors, collars,  currency forward contracts,  currency futures contracts,
currency swaps or options on currencies,  or currency  futures and various other
currency  transactions  (collectively,  all  the  above  are  called  `Strategic
Transactions').  In addition, strategic transactions may also include additional
techniques,  instruments or strategies that are permitted as regulatory  changes
occur.  Strategic  Transactions  may be used without  limit  (subject to certain
limits imposed by the 1940 Act) to attempt to protect against  possible  changes
in the market  value of  securities  held in or to be  purchased  for the Fund's
portfolio   resulting  from  securities   markets  or  currency   exchange  rate
fluctuations,  to  protect  the  Fund's  unrealized  gains  in the  value of its
portfolio  securities,  to facilitate the sale of such securities for investment
purposes,  to manage the effective maturity or duration of the Fund's portfolio,
to  establish  a  position  in  the  derivatives  markets  as a  substitute  for
purchasing or selling  particular  securities or for any other purpose permitted
by  applicable  law.  Some  Strategic  Transactions  may also be used to enhance
potential  gain  although no more than 5% of the Fund's assets will be committed
to certain Strategic  Transactions entered into for non-hedging purposes. Any or
all  of  these  investment  techniques  may  be  used  at  any  time  and in any
combination,  and there is no  particular  strategy that dictates the use of one
technique rather than another, as use of any Strategic Transaction is a function
of numerous variables  including market  conditions.  The ability of the Fund to
utilize these Strategic  Transactions  successfully will depend on the Advisor's
ability to predict pertinent market movements, which cannot be assured. The Fund
will comply with applicable  regulatory  requirements  when  implementing  these
strategies, techniques and instruments.  Strategic Transactions will not be used
to alter fundamental  investment  purposes and  characteristics of the Fund, and
the Fund will segregate assets (or as provided by applicable regulations,  enter
into certain  offsetting  positions)  to cover its  obligations  under  options,
futures and swaps to limit leveraging of the Fund.                              

Strategic  Transactions,  including derivative contracts,  have risks associated
with them  including  possible  default by the other  party to the  transaction,
illiquidity and, to the extent the Advisor's view as to certain market movements
is incorrect,  the risk that the use of such Strategic Transactions could result
in losses  greater  than if they had not been used.  Use of put and call options
may  result  in  losses  to a fund,  force  the sale or  purchase  of  portfolio
securities  at  inopportune  times or for prices higher than (in the case of put
options)  or lower than (in the case of call  options)  current  market  values,
limit the amount of  appreciation  the Fund can  realize on its  investments  or
cause the Fund to hold a security it might  otherwise  sell. The use of currency
transactions  can result in a fund  incurring  losses as a result of a number of
factors   including  the   imposition  of  exchange   controls,   suspension  of
settlements,  or the inability to deliver or receive a specified  currency.  The
use of  options  and  futures  transactions  entails  certain  other  risks.  In
particular,  the  variable  degree of  correlation  between  price  movements of
futures  contracts and price  movements in the related  portfolio  position of a
fund  creates  the  possibility  that losses on the  hedging  instrument        

15

P-->497546th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 546th
may be  greater  than gains in the value of the Fund's  position.  In  addition,
futures and options markets may not be liquid in all  circumstances  and certain
over-the-counter  options may have no markets.  As a result, in certain markets,
the  Fund  might  not be able  to  close  out a  transaction  without  incurring
substantial  losses,  if at  all.  Although  the  use  of  futures  and  options
transactions  for  hedging  should  tend to  minimize  the risk of loss due to a
decline in the value of the hedged position, at the same time they tend to limit
any  potential  gain  which  might  result  from an  increase  in  value of such
position. Finally, the daily variation margin requirements for futures contracts
would create a greater ongoing potential  financial risk than would purchases of
options, where the exposure is limited to the cost of the initial premium. Other
Strategic Transactions, such as forward contracts and swaps, are also subject to
similar risks.  Losses  resulting from the use of Strategic  Transactions  would
reduce net asset value, and possibly income, and such losses can be greater than
if the Strategic Transactions had not been utilized.                            

General  Characteristics of Options. Put options and call options typically have
similar structural  characteristics and operational  mechanics regardless of the
underlying  instrument on which they are purchased or sold.  Thus, the following
general  discussion relates to each of the particular types of options discussed
in greater  detail below.  In addition,  many Strategic  Transactions  involving
options  require  segregation of Fund assets in special  accounts,  as described
below under "Use of Segregated and Other Special Accounts."                     

A put option gives the purchaser of the option,  upon payment of a premium,  the
right to sell, and the writer the  obligation to buy, the  underlying  security,
commodity,  index,  currency or other  instrument  at the  exercise  price.  For
instance, the Fund's purchase of a put option on a security might be designed to
protect its holdings in the underlying  instrument (or, in some cases, a similar
instrument) against a substantial decline in the market value by giving the Fund
the right to sell such  instrument at the option  exercise price. A call option,
upon payment of a premium,  gives the  purchaser of the option the right to buy,
and the seller the obligation to sell, the underlying instrument at the exercise
price.  The Fund's  purchase of a call option on a security,  financial  future,
index,  currency  or other  instrument  might be  intended  to protect  the Fund
against an increase in the price of the underlying instrument that it intends to
purchase  in the  future  by  fixing  the  price at which it may  purchase  such
instrument.  An American  style put or call option may be  exercised at any time
during  the  option  period  while a  European  style put or call  option may be
exercised only upon expiration or during a fixed period prior thereto.  The Fund
is authorized to purchase and sell exchange listed options and  over-the-counter
options  ("OTC  options").  Exchange  listed  options  are issued by a regulated
intermediary such as the Options Clearing Corporation ("OCC"),  which guarantees
the  performance  of the  obligations  of  the  parties  to  such  options.  The
discussion  below uses the OCC as an example,  but is also  applicable  to other
financial intermediaries.                                                       

With certain exceptions, OCC issued and exchange listed options generally settle
by physical  delivery of the  underlying  security or currency,  although in the
future cash  settlement  may become  available.  Index  options  and  Eurodollar
instruments are cash settled for the net amount,  if any, by which the option is
"in-the-money"  (i.e., where the value of the underlying  instrument exceeds, in
the case of a call  option,  or is less than,  in the case of a put option,  the
exercise  price of the option) at the time the option is exercised.  Frequently,
rather than taking or making delivery of the underlying  instrument  through the
process of  exercising  the option,  listed  options are closed by entering into
offsetting  purchase or sale transactions that do not result in ownership of the
new option.                                                                     

The Fund's  ability to close out its position as a purchaser or seller of an OCC
or exchange listed put or call option is dependent,  in part, upon the liquidity
of the option  market.  Among the  possible  reasons for the absence of a liquid
option market on an exchange are: (i)  insufficient  trading interest in certain
options; (ii) restrictions on transactions imposed by an exchange; (iii) trading
halts,  suspensions  or other  restrictions  imposed with respect to  particular
classes or series of options or underlying  securities  including reaching daily
price  limits;  (iv)  interruption  of the  normal  operations  of the OCC or an
exchange;  (v)  inadequacy  of the  facilities  of an  exchange or OCC to handle
current  trading  volume;  or  (vi)  a  decision  by one or  more  exchanges  to
discontinue the trading of options (or a particular class or series of options),
in which event the relevant  market for that option on that exchange would cease
to exist, although outstanding options on that exchange would generally continue
to be exercisable in accordance with their terms.                               

The hours of trading for listed  options may not coincide  with the hours during
which the underlying  financial  instruments are traded.  To the extent that the
option   markets  close  before  the  markets  for  the   underlying   financial

16

P-->497547th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 547th
instruments,  significant  price  and  rate  movements  can  take  place  in the
underlying markets that cannot be reflected in the option markets.              

OTC  options  are  purchased  from  or  sold to  securities  dealers,  financial
institutions  or  other  parties  (`Counterparties')  through  direct  bilateral
agreement with the Counterparty.  In contrast to exchange listed options,  which
generally have standardized terms and performance mechanics, all the terms of an
OTC option, including such terms as method of settlement,  term, exercise price,
premium,  guarantees and security,  are set by  negotiation of the parties.  The
Fund will only sell OTC  options  (other  than OTC  currency  options)  that are
subject to a buy-back provision  permitting the Fund to require the Counterparty
to sell the option back to the Fund at a formula  price within  seven days.  The
Fund  expects  generally  to enter into OTC  options  that have cash  settlement
provisions, although it is not required to do so.                               

Unless the  parties  provide  for it,  there is no central  clearing or guaranty
function in an OTC option.  As a result,  if the  Counterparty  fails to make or
take delivery of the security,  currency or other  instrument  underlying an OTC
option  it has  entered  into  with the Fund or fails to make a cash  settlement
payment due in accordance with the terms of that option,  the fund will lose any
premium  it paid  for the  option  as well  as any  anticipated  benefit  of the
transaction.  Accordingly,  the Advisor must assess the creditworthiness of each
such Counterparty or any guarantor or credit  enhancement of the  Counterparty's
credit to  determine  the  likelihood  that the terms of the OTC option  will be
satisfied.  The  Fund  will  engage  in OTC  option  transactions  only  with US
government securities dealers recognized by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York
as `primary  dealers'  or  broker/dealers,  domestic  or foreign  banks or other
financial  institutions which have received (or the guarantors of the obligation
of which have  received) a short-term  credit rating of A-1 from S&P or P-1 from
Moody's or an  equivalent  rating  from any  nationally  recognized  statistical
rating organization ("NRSRO") or, in the case of OTC currency transactions,  are
determined to be of equivalent  credit quality by the Advisor.  The staff of the
SEC  currently  takes the position that OTC options  purchased by the Fund,  and
portfolio securities  "covering" the amount of the Fund's obligation pursuant to
an OTC  option  sold by it (the  cost of the  sell-back  plus  the  in-the-money
amount,  if any) are  illiquid,  and are  subject  to the Fund's  limitation  on
investing no more than 15% of its net assets in illiquid securities.            

If the Fund sells a call  option,  the premium  that it receives  may serve as a
partial hedge,  to the extent of the option  premium,  against a decrease in the
value of the  underlying  securities  or  instruments  in its  portfolio or will
increase the Fund's income. The sale of put options can also provide income.    

The Fund may purchase and sell call options on, among other  things,  securities
including US Treasury and agency securities, mortgage-backed securities, foreign
sovereign  debt,  corporate  debt  securities,   equity  securities   (including
convertible  securities)  and Eurodollar  instruments  that are traded on US and
foreign  securities  exchanges  and  in  the  over-the-counter  markets,  and on
securities indices, currencies and futures contracts. All calls sold by the fund
must be "covered"  (i.e.,  the Fund must own the securities or futures  contract
subject to the call) or must meet the asset segregation  requirements  described
below as long as the call is outstanding.  Even though the Fund will receive the
option  premium to help protect it against loss, a call sold by the Fund exposes
the fund  during  the term of the  option to  possible  loss of  opportunity  to
realize  appreciation  in  the  market  price  of  the  underlying  security  or
instrument  and may require the Fund to hold a security or  instrument  which it
might otherwise have sold.                                                      

The Fund may purchase and sell put options on,  among other  things,  securities
including US Treasury and agency securities, mortgage-backed securities, foreign
sovereign  debt,  corporate  debt  securities,   equity  securities   (including
convertible  securities) and Eurodollar instruments (whether or not it holds the
above securities in its portfolio),  and on securities  indices,  currencies and
futures contracts other than futures on individual corporate debt and individual
equity securities. The Fund will not sell put options if, as a result, more than
50% of the Fund's total assets would be required to be  segregated  to cover its
potential  obligations  under such put options  other than those with respect to
futures and options  thereon.  In selling put options,  there is a risk that the
Fund may be required to buy the underlying  security at a disadvantageous  price
above the market price.                                                         

General Characteristics of Futures. The Fund may enter into futures contracts or
purchase  or sell  put and  call  options  on such  futures  as a hedge  against
anticipated  interest rate, currency or equity market changes,  and for duration
management,  risk  management  and  return  enhancement  purposes.  Futures  are
generally  bought and sold on the  commodities  exchanges  where they are listed
with payment of initial and variation  margin as described  below.              

17

P-->497548th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 548th
The sale of a futures  contract  creates a firm  obligation  by the  seller,  to
deliver to the buyer the specific type of financial instrument called for in the
contract at a specific  future time for a specified  price (or,  with respect to
certain instruments,  such as index futures and Eurodollar instruments,  the net
cash amount) and a firm obligations by the buyer to deliver the specified price.
Options on futures contracts are similar to options on securities except that an
option on a futures  contract  gives the  purchaser  the right in return for the
premium paid to assume a position in a futures contract and obligates the seller
to deliver such position.                                                       

The Fund has claimed  exclusion from the definition of the term  "commodity pool
operator" under the Commodity Exchange Act.  Therefore,  the Fund is not subject
to commodity  pool  operator  registration  and  regulation  under the Commodity
Exchange  Act.  Futures and options on futures may be entered into for bona fide
hedging,  risk management (including duration management) or other portfolio and
return  enhancement  management  purposes.  Typically,   maintaining  a  futures
contract  or  selling an option  thereon  requires  the Fund to  deposit  with a
financial  intermediary  as security  for its  obligations  an amount of cash or
other specified  assets (initial  margin) which initially is typically 1% to 10%
of the face amount of the  contract  (but may be higher in some  circumstances).
Additional  cash or assets  (variation  margin) may be required to be  deposited
thereafter  on a daily  basis as the  marked  to  market  value of the  contract
fluctuates. The purchase of an option on financial futures involves payment of a
premium for the option  without any further  obligation on the part of the Fund.
If the Fund  exercises  an option on a futures  contract it will be obligated to
post  initial  margin  (and  potential  subsequent  variation  margin)  for  the
resulting futures position just as it would for any position.  Futures contracts
and  options  thereon  are  generally  settled by  entering  into an  offsetting
transaction  but there can be no assurance that the position can be offset prior
to settlement at an advantageous price, nor that delivery will occur.           

Options on Securities  Indices and Other  Financial  Indices.  The Fund also may
purchase and sell call and put options on securities indices and other financial
indices and in so doing can achieve many of the same objectives it would achieve
through  the sale or  purchase  of options  on  individual  securities  or other
instruments.  Options on  securities  indices  and other  financial  indices are
similar to options on a security or other  instrument  except that,  rather than
settling by physical delivery of the underlying instrument,  they settle by cash
settlement,  i.e.,  an option on an index gives the holder the right to receive,
upon exercise of the option, an amount of cash if the closing level of the index
upon which the option is based exceeds,  in the case of a call, or is less than,
in the case of a put, the exercise  price of the option  (except if, in the case
of an OTC option, physical delivery is specified).  This amount of cash is equal
to the excess of the closing  price of the index over the exercise  price of the
option,  which  also may be  multiplied  by a formula  value.  The seller of the
option is  obligated,  in return for the premium  received,  to make delivery of
this  amount.  The  gain or loss on an  option  on an  index  depends  on  price
movements in the instruments making up the market,  market segment,  industry or
other  composite  on which the  underlying  index is based,  rather  than  price
movements in  individual  securities,  as is the case with respect to options on
securities.                                                                     

Currency  Transactions.  The Fund  may  engage  in  currency  transactions  with
Counterparties  primarily in order to hedge,  or manage the risk of the value of
portfolio holdings denominated in particular  currencies against fluctuations in
relative  value.  Currency  transactions  include  forward  currency  contracts,
exchange listed currency futures, exchange listed and OTC options on currencies,
and currency swaps. A forward currency contract involves a privately  negotiated
obligation  to purchase or sell (with  delivery  generally  required) a specific
currency at a future  date,  which may be any fixed number of days from the date
of the contract  agreed upon by the  parties,  at a price set at the time of the
contract.  A currency  swap is an agreement to exchange  cash flows based on the
notional  difference  among two or more currencies and operates  similarly to an
interest rate swap,  which is described  below. The Fund may enter into currency
transactions with  Counterparties  which have received (or the guarantors of the
obligations  which  have  received)  a  credit  rating  of  A-1 or P-1 by S&P or
Moody's, respectively, or that have an equivalent rating from a NRSRO or (except
for OTC currency  options) are determined to be of equivalent  credit quality by
the Advisor.                                                                    

The  Fund's   dealings  in  forward   currency   contracts  and  other  currency
transactions  such as futures,  options,  options on futures and swaps generally
will be limited to hedging  involving either specific  transactions or portfolio
positions  except as described  below.  Transaction  hedging is entering  into a
currency transaction with respect to specific assets or liabilities of the fund,
which  will  generally  arise in  connection  with the  purchase  or sale of its
portfolio  securities or the receipt of income  therefrom.  Position  hedging is
entering  into  a  currency  transaction  with  respect  to  portfolio  security
positions denominated or generally quoted in that currency.                     

18

P-->497549th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 549th
The Fund generally will not enter into a transaction to hedge currency  exposure
to an  extent  greater,  after  netting  all  transactions  intended  wholly  or
partially to offset other transactions,  than the aggregate market value (at the
time of entering into the  transaction)  of the securities held in its portfolio
that are denominated or generally  quoted in or currently  convertible into such
currency, other than with respect to proxy hedging or cross hedging as described
below, as applicable.                                                           

The Fund may also  cross-hedge  currencies  by  entering  into  transactions  to
purchase or sell one or more  currencies  that are  expected to decline in value
relative to other  currencies to which the fund has or in which the Fund expects
to have portfolio exposure.                                                     

To reduce  the  effect of  currency  fluctuations  on the value of  existing  or
anticipated holdings of portfolio securities,  the Fund may also engage in proxy
hedging.  Proxy  hedging  is often  used when the  currency  to which the Fund's
portfolio is exposed is difficult to hedge or to hedge against the dollar. Proxy
hedging  entails  entering into a commitment or option to sell a currency  whose
changes in value are  generally  considered  to be  correlated  to a currency or
currencies in which some or all of the Fund's  portfolio  securities  are or are
expected  to be  denominated,  in  exchange  for US  dollars.  Currency  hedging
involves some of the same risks and  considerations  as other  transactions with
similar instruments.  Currency  transactions can result in losses to the Fund if
the currency being hedged fluctuates in value to a degree or in a direction that
is not anticipated.  Further,  there is the risk that the perceived  correlation
between  various  currencies may not be present or may not be present during the
particular  time that the Fund is engaging in proxy hedging.  If the Fund enters
into a  currency  hedging  transaction,  the Fund  will  comply  with the  asset
segregation requirements described below, as applicable.                        

Risks of  Currency  Transactions.  Currency  transactions  are  subject to risks
different from those of other portfolio  transactions.  Because currency control
is of great  importance  to the  issuing  governments  and  influences  economic
planning and policy, purchases and sales of currency and related instruments can
be  negatively  affected  by  government  exchange  controls,   blockages,   and
manipulations or exchange restrictions imposed by governments.  These can result
in losses to the Fund if it is unable to deliver or receive currency or funds in
settlement of obligations  and could also cause hedges it has entered into to be
rendered  useless,  resulting  in full  currency  exposure as well as  incurring
transaction  costs.  Buyers and sellers of  currency  futures are subject to the
same risks that apply to the use of futures generally.  Further, settlement of a
currency  futures  contract for the purchase of most  currencies must occur at a
bank  based in the  issuing  nation.  Trading  options  on  currency  futures is
relatively  new,  and the ability to establish  and close out  positions on such
options is subject to the maintenance of a liquid market which may not always be
available.  Currency  exchange rates may fluctuate based on factors extrinsic to
that country's economy.                                                         

Risks of Strategic  Transactions  Outside the US. When conducted outside the US,
Strategic  Transactions may not be regulated as rigorously as in the US, may not
involve a clearing mechanism and related guarantees, and are subject to the risk
of  governmental  actions  affecting  trading  in,  or the  prices  of,  foreign
securities,  currencies and other instruments.  The value of such positions also
could be adversely affected by: (i) other complex foreign  political,  legal and
economic  factors,  (ii) lesser  availability than in the US of data on which to
make trading decisions,  (iii) delays in the Fund's ability to act upon economic
events  occurring in foreign markets during  non-business  hours in the US, (iv)
the  imposition of different  exercise and  settlement  terms and procedures and
margin requirements than in the US, and (v) lower trading volume and liquidity. 

Swaps, Caps, Floors and Collars. Among the Strategic Transactions into which the
Fund may enter  are  interest  rate,  currency,  index  and other  swaps and the
purchase or sale of related caps, floors and collars.  The Fund expects to enter
into these transactions primarily to preserve a return or spread on a particular
investment  or  portion  of  its   portfolio,   to  protect   against   currency
fluctuations,  as a  duration  management  technique,  to  protect  against  any
increase in the price of securities the fund  anticipates  purchasing at a later
date or to enhance returns.  The Fund will not sell interest rate caps or floors
where it does not own  securities  or other  instruments  providing  the  income
stream  the fund may be  obligated  to pay.  Interest  rate  swaps  involve  the
exchange by the fund with another party of their  respective  commitments to pay
or receive interest,  e.g., an exchange of floating rate payments for fixed rate
payments with respect to a notional  amount of principal.  A currency swap is an
agreement to exchange cash flows on a notional  amount of two or more currencies
based on the  relative  value  differential  among  them and an index swap is an
agreement to swap cash flows on a notional amount based on changes in the values
of the  reference                                                               

19

P-->497550th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 550th
indices.  The purchase of a cap entitles the purchaser to receive  payments on a
notional  principal  amount from the party selling such cap to the extent that a
specified index exceeds a predetermined interest rate or amount. The purchase of
a floor  entitles  the  purchaser  to receive  payments on a notional  principal
amount from the party  selling  such floor to the extent that a specified  index
falls below a predetermined  interest rate or amount.  A collar is a combination
of a cap and a floor that  preserves  a certain  return  within a  predetermined
range of interest rates or values.                                              

Use of Segregated and Other Special Accounts.  Many Strategic  Transactions,  in
addition to other  requirements,  require that the Fund segregate cash or liquid
assets with its  custodian  to the extent  fund  obligations  are not  otherwise
"covered" through ownership of the underlying security,  financial instrument or
currency.  In general,  either the full amount of any  obligation by the Fund to
pay or  deliver  securities  or  assets  must be  covered  at all  times  by the
securities, instruments or currency required to be delivered, or, subject to any
regulatory  restrictions,  an amount of cash or liquid  assets at least equal to
the current amount of the obligation must be segregated with the custodian.  The
segregated  assets cannot be sold or transferred  unless  equivalent  assets are
substituted in their place or it is no longer  necessary to segregate  them. For
example,  a call  option  written by the Fund will  require the Fund to hold the
securities  subject  to the  call (or  securities  convertible  into the  needed
securities  without  additional  consideration)  or to segregate  cash or liquid
assets  sufficient  to  purchase  and  deliver  the  securities  if the  call is
exercised.  A call option sold by the Fund on an index will  require the Fund to
own portfolio  securities which correlate with the index or to segregate cash or
liquid assets equal to the excess of the index value over the exercise  price on
a current basis. A put option written by the Fund requires the Fund to segregate
cash or liquid assets equal to the exercise price.                              

Except when the Fund enters into a forward  contract for the purchase or sale of
a security denominated in a particular currency,  which requires no segregation,
a  currency  contract  which  obligates  the Fund to buy or sell  currency  will
generally  require the Fund to hold an amount of that  currency or liquid assets
denominated  in that currency  equal to the Fund's  obligations  or to segregate
cash or liquid assets equal to the amount of the Fund's obligation.             

OTC options entered into by the Fund,  including those on securities,  currency,
financial  instruments  or  indices  and OCC issued and  exchange  listed  index
options, will generally provide for cash settlement.  As a result, when the Fund
sells  these  instruments  it will  only  segregate  an amount of cash or liquid
assets  equal to its accrued net  obligations,  as there is no  requirement  for
payment or delivery of amounts in excess of the net amount.  These  amounts will
equal 100% of the exercise price in the case of a non cash-settled put, the same
as an OCC guaranteed listed option sold by the Fund, or the in-the-money  amount
plus any sell-back  formula amount in the case of a cash-settled put or call. In
addition,  when  the Fund  sells a call  option  on an index at a time  when the
in-the-money  amount exceeds the exercise price, the Fund will segregate,  until
the option expires or is closed out, cash or cash equivalents  equal in value to
such excess.  OCC issued and exchange listed options sold by the Fund other than
those above  generally  settle with  physical  delivery,  or with an election of
either  physical  delivery or cash  settlement  and the Fund will  segregate  an
amount of cash or  liquid  assets  equal to the full  value of the  option.  OTC
options settling with physical delivery,  or with an election of either physical
delivery or cash settlement  will be treated the same as other options  settling
with physical delivery.                                                         

In the case of a futures  contract or an option  thereon,  the Fund must deposit
initial  margin and possible daily  variation  margin in addition to segregating
cash or liquid assets  sufficient to meet its  obligation to purchase or provide
securities  or  currencies,  or to pay the amount owed at the  expiration  of an
index-based  futures  contract.  Such liquid  assets may  consist of cash,  cash
equivalents, liquid debt or equity securities or other acceptable assets.       

With  respect to swaps,  the Fund will accrue the net amount of the  excess,  if
any, of its  obligations  over its  entitlements  with respect to each swap on a
daily basis and will segregate an amount of cash or liquid assets having a value
equal to the accrued excess.  Caps,  floors and collars  require  segregation of
assets with a value equal to the Fund's net obligation, if any.                 

Strategic  Transactions  may be covered  by other  means  when  consistent  with
applicable  regulatory  policies.  The  fund  may  also  enter  into  offsetting
transactions so that its combined position,  coupled with any segregated assets,
equals  its  net  outstanding   obligation  in  related  options  and  Strategic
Transactions.  For example,  the Fund could  purchase a                         

20

P-->497551st Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 551st
put option if the  strike  price of that  option is the same or higher  than the
strike price of a put option sold by the Fund. Moreover,  instead of segregating
cash or liquid assets if the Fund held a futures or forward  contract,  it could
purchase a put option on the same  futures  or  forward  contract  with a strike
price as high or higher than the price of the  contract  held.  Other  Strategic
Transactions may also be offset in combinations.  If the offsetting  transaction
terminates at the time of or after the primary  transaction  no  segregation  is
required,  but if it terminates  prior to such time, cash or liquid assets equal
to any remaining obligation would need to be segregated.                        

Combined Transactions. The Fund may enter into multiple transactions,  including
multiple options transactions,  multiple futures transactions, multiple currency
transactions  (including forward currency  contracts) and multiple interest rate
transactions and any combination of futures, options, currency and interest rate
transactions   (`component'   transactions),   instead  of  a  single  Strategic
Transaction,  as part of a single or combined  strategy  when, in the opinion of
the  Advisor,  it is in the best  interests  of the  Fund to do so.  A  combined
transaction  will usually  contain  elements of risk that are present in each of
its component transactions.  Although combined transactions are normally entered
into based on the Advisor's  judgment that the combined  strategies  will reduce
risk or otherwise  more  effectively  achieve the desired  portfolio  management
goal, it is possible that the  combination  will instead  increase such risks or
hinder achievement of the portfolio management objective.                       

Supranational Entities.  Supranational entities are international  organizations
designated   or  supported  by   governmental   entities  to  promote   economic
reconstruction or development and international banking institutions and related
government agencies.  Examples include the International Bank for Reconstruction
and Development  (the World Bank),  the European Coal and Steel  Community,  The
Asian  Development Bank and the InterAmerican  Development Bank.  Obligations of
supranational  entities  are  backed  by the  guarantee  of one or more  foreign
governmental parties which sponsor the entity.                                  

When-Issued Securities.  The Fund may from time to time purchase equity and debt
securities on a `when-issued,'  "delayed  delivery" or "forward delivery" basis.
The price of such securities, which may be expressed in yield terms, is fixed at
the time the  commitment  to purchase is made,  but delivery and payment for the
securities  takes place at a later date.  During the period between purchase and
settlement, no payment is made by the Fund to the issuer and no interest accrues
to the Fund. When the Fund purchases such securities, it immediately assumes the
risks of ownership, including the risk of price fluctuation.  Failure to deliver
a security purchased on this basis may result in a loss or missed opportunity to
make an alternative investment.                                                 

To the extent that assets of the Fund are held in cash pending the settlement of
a purchase of securities,  the Fund would earn no income.  While such securities
may be sold prior to the settlement date, the Fund intends to purchase them with
the  purpose of actually  acquiring  them unless a sale  appears  desirable  for
investment  reasons.  At the time the Fund makes the  commitment  to  purchase a
security on this basis,  it will record the transaction and reflect the value of
the  security  in  determining  its net asset  value.  The  market  value of the
securities may be more or less than the purchase price.  The Fund will establish
a segregated  account in which it will maintain cash and liquid securities equal
in value to commitments for such securities.                                    

Warrants.  The Fund may  invest in  warrants  up to 5% of the value of its total
assets.  The holder of a warrant has the right,  until the warrant  expires,  to
purchase a given number of shares of a particular  issuer at a specified  price.
Such  investments  can  provide a greater  potential  for profit or loss than an
equivalent  investment  in the  underlying  security.  Prices of warrants do not
necessarily  move,  however,  in  tandem  with  the  prices  of  the  underlying
securities and are, therefore, considered speculative investments.  Warrants pay
no  dividends  and confer no rights  other than a purchase  option.  Thus,  if a
warrant held by the Fund were not exercised by the date of its  expiration,  the
Fund would lose the entire purchase price of the warrant.                       

Zero Coupon Securities.  The Fund may invest in zero coupon securities which pay
no cash  income  and are  sold at  substantial  discounts  from  their  value at
maturity.  When  held to  maturity,  their  entire  income,  which  consists  of
accretion of discount,  comes from the difference between the purchase price and
their  value at  maturity.  The effect of owning  instruments  which do not make
current  interest  payments  is that a fixed  yield  is  earned  not only on the
original  investment but also, in effect,  on all discount  accretion during the
life of the obligation.  This implicit reinvestment of earnings at the same rate
eliminates the risk of being unable to reinvest  distributions at a rate as high
as the implicit yield on the zero coupon bond,  but at the same time  eliminates
any opportunity to reinvest earnings at                                         

21

P-->497552nd Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 552nd
higher rates.  For this reason,  zero coupon bonds are subject to  substantially
greater price fluctuations during periods of changing market interest rates than
those of comparable securities that pay interest currently, which fluctuation is
greater as the period to maturity is longer. Zero coupon convertible  securities
which are  convertible  into  common  stock  offer the  opportunity  for capital
appreciation  (or  depreciation)  as increases (or decreases) in market value of
such  securities  closely  follow  the  movements  in the  market  value  of the
underlying  common  stock.  Zero coupon  convertible  securities  generally  are
expected to be less volatile than the underlying  common stocks, as they usually
are  issued  with  maturities  of 15 years or less and are issued  with  options
and/or redemption features exercisable by the holder of the obligation entitling
the holder to redeem the obligation and receive a defined cash payment.         

Portfolio Holdings                                                              

In addition to the public disclosure of Fund portfolio holdings through required
Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") quarterly filings,  the Fund may make
its portfolio holdings information publicly available on the DWS Funds' Web site
as described in the Fund's prospectus.  The Fund does not disseminate non-public
information  about  portfolio  holdings  except in accordance  with policies and
procedures adopted by the Fund.                                                 

The Fund's  procedures permit non-public  portfolio  holdings  information to be
shared with Deutsche Asset Management and its affiliates  (collectively "DeAM"),
subadvisors, if any, custodians, independent registered public accounting firms,
attorneys,   officers  and  trustees/directors  and  each  of  their  respective
affiliates and advisers who require access to this  information to fulfill their
duties to the Fund and are subject to the duties of  confidentiality,  including
the duty not to trade on non-public information,  imposed by law or contract, or
by the Fund's  procedures.  This  non-public  information may also be disclosed,
subject to the  requirements  described  below,  to securities  lending  agents,
financial  printers,  proxy voting  firms,  mutual fund  analysts and rating and
tracking  agencies,  or to shareholders  in connection with in-kind  redemptions
(collectively, "Authorized Third Parties").                                     

Prior to any disclosure of the Fund's non-public  portfolio holdings information
to Authorized  Third Parties,  a person  authorized by the Fund's Directors must
make a good faith  determination  in light of the facts then known that the Fund
has a  legitimate  business  purpose for  providing  the  information,  that the
disclosure is in the best interest of the Fund,  and that the recipient  assents
or otherwise has a duty to keep the  information  confidential  and to not trade
based on the information  received while the information remains non-public.  No
compensation is received by the Fund or DeAM for disclosing  non-public holdings
information. Periodic reports regarding these procedures will be provided to the
Fund's Directors.                                                               

Portfolio  holdings  information  distributed  by the trading desks of DeAM or a
subadvisor for the purpose of facilitating  efficient trading of such securities
and receipt of relevant  research is not subject to the foregoing  requirements.
Non-public   portfolio   holding   information   does  not   include   portfolio
characteristics  (other than holdings or subsets of holdings) about the Fund and
information  derived  therefrom,  including,  but not limited to, how the Fund's
investments are divided among various sectors, industries,  countries, value and
growth stocks,  bonds,  currencies and cash,  types of bonds,  bond  maturities,
duration,  bond  coupons and bond credit  quality  ratings so long as the Fund's
holdings could not be derived from such information.                            

Registered  investment  companies  that are subadvised by DeAM may be subject to
different  portfolio  holdings  disclosure  policies,  and neither  DeAM nor the
Fund's  Directors  exercise  control over such policies.  In addition,  separate
account  clients of DeAM have  access to their  portfolio  holdings  and are not
subject  to the Fund's  portfolio  holdings  disclosure  policy.  The  portfolio
holdings  of some of the  funds  subadvised  by DeAM  and  some of the  separate
accounts managed by DeAM may substantially  overlap with the portfolio  holdings
of the Fund.                                                                    

DeAM also  manages  certain  unregistered  commingled  trusts and creates  model
portfolios,  the portfolio holdings of which may substantially  overlap with the
portfolio holdings of the Fund. To the extent that investors in these commingled
trusts  or  recipients  of model  portfolio  holdings  information  may  receive
portfolio  holdings  information  of their  trust or of a model  portfolio  on a
different basis from that on which Fund portfolio  holdings  information is made
public,  DeAM has implemented  procedures  reasonably designed to encourage such
investors and recipients to keep such information  confidential,  and to prevent
those investors from trading on the basis of non-public holdings information.   

22

P-->497553rd Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 553rd
There is no assurance that the Fund's  policies and  procedures  with respect to
the disclosure of portfolio holdings  information will protect the Fund from the
potential  misuse of portfolio  holdings  information  by those in possession of
that information.                                                               

Regulatory Matters and Legal Proceedings                                        

On December 21, 2006,  Deutsche Asset Management  ("DeAM")  settled  proceedings
with the  Securities and Exchange  Commission  ("SEC") and the New York Attorney
General on behalf of Deutsche  Asset  Management,  Inc.  ("DAMI") and DIMA,  the
investment advisors to many of the DWS Scudder funds,  regarding  allegations of
improper  trading of fund  shares at DeAM and at the legacy  Scudder  and Kemper
organizations prior to their acquisition by DeAM in April 2002. These regulators
alleged that although the prospectuses for certain funds in the regulators' view
indicated  that the funds did not permit market  timing,  DAMI and DIMA breached
their  fiduciary  duty to those  funds in that their  efforts  to limit  trading
activity in the funds were not effective at certain times.  The regulators  also
alleged that DAMI and DIMA  breached  their  fiduciary  duty to certain funds by
entering into certain market timing  arrangements with investors.  These trading
arrangements  originated  in  businesses  that  existed  prior to the  currently
constituted  DeAM  organization,  which  came  together  as a result of  various
mergers of the legacy Scudder,  Kemper and Deutsche fund groups,  and all of the
arrangements were terminated prior to the start of the regulatory investigations
that  began in the summer of 2003.  No  current  DeAM  employee  approved  these
trading arrangements.  Under the terms of the settlements, DAMI and DIMA neither
admitted nor denied any wrongdoing.                                             

The terms of the SEC settlement, which identified improper trading in the legacy
Deutsche and Kemper mutual funds only,  provide for payment of  disgorgement  in
the  amount  of $17.2  million.  The terms of the  settlement  with the New York
Attorney  General  provide for payment of  disgorgement  in the amount of $102.3
million, which is inclusive of the amount payable under the SEC settlement, plus
a civil penalty in the amount of $20 million.  The total amount payable by DeAM,
approximately  $122.3  million,  will  be  distributed  to  shareholders  of the
affected  funds in  accordance  with a  distribution  plan to be  developed by a
distribution  consultant.  The funds'  investment  advisors do not believe these
amounts  will have a material  adverse  financial  impact on them or  materially
affect their ability to perform  under their  investment  management  agreements
with the DWS funds.  The  above-described  amounts are not  material to Deutsche
Bank, and have already been reserved.                                           

Among the terms of the settled orders,  DeAM is subject to certain  undertakings
regarding  the conduct of its business in the future,  including  formation of a
Code of Ethics  Oversight  Committee  to oversee all matters  relating to issues
arising  under  the  advisors'  Code of  Ethics;  establishment  of an  Internal
Compliance Controls Committee having overall compliance oversight responsibility
of the advisors; engagement of an Independent Compliance Consultant to conduct a
comprehensive review of the advisors' supervisory  compliance and other policies
and  procedures  designed to prevent  and detect  breaches  of  fiduciary  duty,
breaches  of the Code of Ethics and federal  securities  law  violations  by the
advisors and their employees; and commencing in 2008, the advisors shall undergo
a compliance review by an independent third party.                              

In addition,  DeAM is subject to certain  further  undertakings  relating to the
governance  of the mutual funds,  including  that at least 75% of the members of
the  Boards  of  Trustees/Directors  overseeing  the DWS  Funds  continue  to be
independent of DeAM; the Chairmen of the DWS Funds' Boards of Trustees/Directors
continue to be  independent  of DeAM;  DeAM  maintain  existing  management  fee
reductions  for  certain  funds  for a period  of five  years  and not  increase
management  fees for these certain funds during this period;  the funds retain a
senior  officer (or  independent  consultants,  as applicable)  responsible  for
assisting in the review of fee  arrangements  and  monitoring  compliance by the
funds and the investment advisors with securities laws,  fiduciary duties, codes
of ethics and other compliance policies,  the expense of which shall be borne by
DeAM; and periodic account  statements,  fund prospectuses and the mutual funds'
web site contain  additional  disclosure  and/or tools that assist  investors in
understanding  the fees and costs associated with an investment in the funds and
the impact of fees and expenses on fund returns.                                

DeAM has also settled proceedings with the Illinois Secretary of State regarding
market timing matters. The terms of the Illinois settlement provide for investor
education  contributions  totaling approximately $4 million and a payment in the
amount of $2 million to the Securities Audit and Enforcement Fund.              

23

P-->497554th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 554th
On  September  28,  2006,  the SEC and the National  Association  of  Securities
Dealers  ("NASD")  announced  final  agreements  in  which  Deutsche  Investment
Management Americas Inc. ("DIMA"),  Deutsche Asset Management, Inc. ("DAMI") and
Scudder  Distributors,  Inc. ("DWS-SDI") (now known as DWS Scudder Distributors,
Inc.)  settled  administrative  proceedings  regarding  disclosure  of brokerage
allocation  practices in connection  with sales of the Scudder Funds' (now known
as the DWS Scudder Funds) shares during  2001-2003.  The agreements with the SEC
and NASD are reflected in orders which state, among other things,  that DIMA and
DAMI failed to disclose potential conflicts of interest to the funds' Boards and
to  shareholders   relating  to  DWS-SDI's  use  of  certain  funds'   brokerage
commissions to reduce revenue sharing costs to broker-dealer  firms with whom it
had  arrangements to market and distribute  Scudder Fund shares.  These directed
brokerage practices were discontinued in October 2003.                          

Under the terms of the  settlements,  in which DIMA,  DAMI and  DWS-SDI  neither
admitted  nor denied any of the  regulators'  findings,  DIMA,  DAMI and DWS-SDI
agreed to pay  disgorgement,  prejudgment  interest  and civil  penalties in the
total amount of $19.3 million. The portion of the settlements distributed to the
funds was approximately $17.8 million and was paid to the funds as prescribed by
the settlement  orders based upon the amount of brokerage  commissions from each
fund used to satisfy revenue sharing  agreements  with  broker-dealers  who sold
fund shares.                                                                    

As part of the  settlements,  DIMA,  DAMI and DWS-SDI  also agreed to  implement
certain measures and undertakings relating to revenue sharing payments including
making  additional  disclosures  in the funds'  Prospectuses  or  Statements  of
Additional  Information,  adopting or modifying relevant policies and procedures
and providing regular reporting to the fund Boards.                             

Additional  information announced by DeAM regarding the terms of the settlements
is available at www.dws-scudder.com/regulatory_settlements.                     

The matters alleged in the regulatory  settlements described above also serve as
the general basis of a number of private class action lawsuits involving the DWS
funds. These lawsuits name as defendants various persons,  including certain DWS
funds,  the  funds'  investment  advisors  and  their  affiliates,  and  certain
individuals,  including  in some cases fund  Trustees/Directors,  officers,  and
other parties.  Each DWS fund's  investment  advisor has agreed to indemnify the
applicable  DWS funds in connection  with these  lawsuits,  or other lawsuits or
regulatory actions that may be filed making similar allegations.                

Based on currently available information, the funds' investment advisors believe
the likelihood that the pending lawsuits will have a material adverse  financial
impact on a DWS fund is remote and such  actions  are not  likely to  materially
affect their ability to perform  under their  investment  management  agreements
with the DWS funds.                                                             

MANAGEMENT OF THE FUND

Investment Advisor                                                              

Deutsche Investment Management Americas Inc. ("DIMA" or the "Advisor"), which is
part of Deutsche Asset Management  ("DeAM"),  is the investment  advisor for the
Fund.  Under  the  supervision  of the  Board of  Directors  of the  Fund,  with
headquarters  at 345 Park  Avenue,  New York,  New York,  DIMA  makes the Fund's
investment  decisions,  buys and  sells  securities  for the  Fund and  conducts
research that leads to these purchase and sale  decisions.  The Advisor  manages
the Fund's  daily  investment  and  business  affairs  subject  to the  policies
established by the Corporation's  Board of Directors.  DIMA and its predecessors
have more than 80 years of experience  managing  mutual  funds.  DIMA provides a
full range of investment  advisory services to institutional and retail clients.
The Fund's  investment  advisor is also  responsible  for selecting  brokers and
dealers  and for  negotiating  brokerage  commissions  and dealer  charges.  The
Advisor's duties are described in more detail below.                            

DeAM is the  marketing  name in the US for the asset  management  activities  of
Deutsche  Bank AG,  DIMA,  Deutsche  Bank Trust  Company  Americas and DWS Trust
Company. DeAM is a global asset management organization that offers a wide range
of investing  expertise and resources,  including hundreds of portfolio managers
and analysts and an office  network  that reaches the world's  major  investment
centers.  This well-resourced  global investment platform brings together a wide
variety of experience and investment insight, across industries,  regions, asset
classes and                                                                     

24

P-->497555th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 555th
investing styles. DIMA is an indirect,  wholly-owned subsidiary of Deutsche Bank
AG. Deutsche Bank AG is a major global banking  institution that is engaged in a
wide range of financial services, including investment management,  mutual fund,
retail,  private and commercial banking,  investment banking and insurance.  The
term  "DWS  Scudder"  is the  designation  given to the  products  and  services
provided by the Advisor and its affiliates to the DWS Mutual Funds.             

Pursuant to an  investment  management  agreement  (the  "Investment  Management
Agreement"), the Advisor provides continuing investment management of the assets
of the Fund.  The Investment  Management  Agreement was approved by the Board of
Directors  of the  Corporation  (including  a  majority  of  the  Non-interested
Directors) on June 28, 2006. The Investment  Management  Agreement will continue
in effect until September 30, 2007, and thereafter from year to year only if its
continuance  is approved  annually by the vote of a majority of those  Directors
who are not parties to such  Agreement or  interested  persons of the Advisor or
the Corporation, cast in person at a meeting called for the purpose of voting on
such  approval,  and  either by a vote of the  Corporation's  Directors  or of a
majority of the outstanding voting securities of the Fund.                      

In addition to the investment  management of the assets of the Fund, the Advisor
determines the  investments  to be made for the Fund,  including what portion of
its assets  remain  uninvested  in cash or cash  equivalents,  and with whom the
orders for investments are placed, consistent with the Fund's policies as stated
in its Prospectus  and SAI, or as adopted by the Fund's Board.  The Advisor will
also monitor,  to the extent not monitored by the Fund's  administrator or other
agent,  the Fund's  compliance  with its investment and tax guidelines and other
compliance policies.                                                            

The Advisor  provides  assistance to the Fund's Board in valuing the  securities
and other  instruments  held by the Fund, to the extent  reasonably  required by
valuation policies and procedures that may be adopted by the Fund.              

Pursuant to the Investment Management  Agreement,  (unless otherwise provided in
the agreement or as  determined by the Fund's Board and to the extent  permitted
by applicable  law), the Advisor pays the  compensation  and expenses of all the
Board  members,  officers,  and executive  employees of the Fund,  including the
Fund's share of payroll taxes, who are affiliated persons of the Advisor.       

The  Investment  Management  Agreement  provides  that  the  Fund  is  generally
responsible  for expenses  that  include:  fees payable to the Advisor;  outside
legal,  accounting  or auditing  expenses,  including  with  respect to expenses
related to negotiation,  acquisition or  distribution of portfolio  investments;
maintenance  of books and records that are  maintained  by the Fund,  the Fund's
custodian,  or other agents of the Fund; taxes and  governmental  fees; fees and
expenses   of  the   Fund's   accounting   agent,   custodian,   sub-custodians,
depositories,  transfer  agents,  dividend  reimbursing  agents and  registrars;
payment  for  portfolio  pricing  or  valuation   services  to  pricing  agents,
accountants,  bankers and other specialists,  if any;  brokerage  commissions or
other costs of  acquiring  or disposing  of any  portfolio  securities  or other
instruments  of the  Fund;  and  litigation  expenses  and  other  extraordinary
expenses not incurred in the ordinary course of the Fund's business.            

The Investment  Management  Agreement  allows the Advisor to delegate any of its
duties under the  Agreement to a  subadvisor,  subject to a majority vote of the
Board of the Fund,  including  a  majority  of the Board who are not  interested
persons of the Fund, and, if required by applicable  law,  subject to a majority
vote of the Fund's shareholders.                                                

The  Investment  Management  Agreement  provides  that the Advisor  shall not be
liable for any error of judgment  or mistake of law or for any loss  suffered by
the Fund in  connection  with matters to which the agreement  relates,  except a
loss resulting from willful  malfeasance,  bad faith or gross  negligence on the
part of the Advisor in the performance of its duties or from reckless  disregard
by the Advisor of its obligations and duties under the agreement. The Investment
Management  Agreement may be terminated at any time, without payment of penalty,
by either party or by vote of a majority of the outstanding voting securities of
the Fund on 60 days' written notice.                                            

The Fund pays the Advisor an  advisory  fee at the annual rate of 0.800% for the
first $500 million of the Fund's  average daily net assets;  0.780% for the next
$500  million  of the Fund'  average  daily net  assets;  0.760% for the next $1
billion of the Fund's  average daily net assets and 0.740% of the Fund's average
daily net asset over $2 billion.                                                

25

P-->497556th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 556th
The fee is  payable  monthly,  provided  that the Fund will  make  such  interim
payments as may be  requested  by the Advisor not to exceed 75% of the amount of
the fee then  accrued  on the books of the Fund and  unpaid.  All of the  Fund's
expenses are paid out of gross investment income.                               

Through November 30, 2008, the Advisor has contractually  agreed to waive all or
a portion of its management  fee and reimburse or pay operating  expenses of the
Fund to the extent necessary to maintain the fund's total operating  expenses at
1.32% for Class S  shares,  excluding  certain  expenses  such as  extraordinary
expenses,  taxes,  brokerage,  and interest.  Through  September  30, 2007,  the
Advisor contractually agreed to waive all or a portion of its management fee and
reimburse  or pay  operating  expenses  of the Fund to the extent  necessary  to
maintain  the  fund's  total  operating  expenses  at 1.31%  for Class S shares,
excluding  certain expenses such as extraordinary  expenses,  taxes,  brokerage,
interest, and organizational and offering expenses.                             

For the fiscal year ended  August 31,  2007,  the Fund  incurred  an  investment
management fee of $$87,384 all of which was waived.  For the fiscal period ended
August 31, 2006,  the Fund incurred  investment  management fee of $6,399 all of
which was waived.  In addition,  for the year ended August 31, 2007, the Advisor
reimbursed  the Fund $75,920 of other expenses and  voluntarily  agreed to waive
$55,080 of offering expenses.                                                   

In  addition,  there is a new  subadvisor  approval  policy  for the  Fund  (the
"Subadvisor  Approval  Policy").  The  Subadvisor  Approval  Policy  permits the
Advisor,  subject to the  approval  of the Board,  including  a majority  of its
independent  board  members,  to appoint  and replace  subadvisors  and to amend
sub-advisory  contracts  without  obtaining  shareholder  approval.   Under  the
Subadvisor Approval Policy, the Board,  including its independent board members,
will continue to evaluate and approve all new sub-advisory contracts between the
Advisor and any subadvisor,  as well as all changes to any existing sub-advisory
contract.  The Fund cannot implement the Subadvisor  Approval Policy without the
SEC either adopting  revisions to current rules (as it proposed to do in October
2003) or granting the Fund exemptive  relief from existing  rules.  The Fund and
the  Advisor  would be  subject to  certain  conditions  imposed by the SEC (and
certain  conditions  that may be imposed in the future within  either  exemptive
relief or a rule) to ensure that the interests of the Fund and its  shareholders
are adequately protected whenever the Advisor acts under the Subadvisor Approval
Policy, including any shareholder notice requirements.                          

The Advisor provides  investment  counsel for many individuals and institutions,
including  insurance  companies,  industrial  corporations,  and  financial  and
banking  organizations,  as well as  providing  investment  advice  to open- and
closed-end SEC registered funds.                                                

In  certain  cases,  the  investments  for  the  Fund  is  managed  by the  same
individuals  who manage one or more other  mutual  funds  advised by the Advisor
that have similar names,  objectives and investment  styles. You should be aware
that the Fund is likely to differ from these other  mutual  funds in size,  cash
flow pattern and tax matters.  Accordingly,  the holdings and performance of the
Fund can be expected to vary from those of these other mutual funds.            

Certain  investments  may be appropriate for the Fund and also for other clients
advised by the Advisor.  Investment decisions for the Fund and other clients are
made with a view to achieving their respective  investment  objectives and after
consideration  of such factors as their current  holdings,  availability of cash
for  investment  and the  size of their  investments  generally.  Frequently,  a
particular  security  may be bought or sold for only one client or in  different
amounts  and at  different  times for more  than one but less than all  clients.
Likewise,  a particular  security may be bought for one or more clients when one
or more other clients are selling the security. In addition,  purchases or sales
of the same  security  may be made for two or more  clients on the same day.  In
such event,  such  transactions  will be allocated among the clients in a manner
believed by the Advisor to be equitable to each. In some cases,  this  procedure
could have an adverse effect on the price or amount of the securities  purchased
or sold by the Fund.  Purchase and sale orders for the Fund may be combined with
those of other  clients of the  Advisor in the  interest of  achieving  the most
favorable net results to the Fund.                                              

The Advisor may enter into arrangements with affiliates and third-party  service
providers to perform  various  administrative,  back-office  and other  services
relating to client accounts.  Such service providers may be located in the US or
in non-US jurisdictions.                                                        

26

P-->497557th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 557th
Subadvisor.  Deutsche Asset  Management  International  GmbH ("DeAMi"),  Mainzer
Landstrasse  16, 60325  Frankfurt am Main,  Germany,  is the  subadvisor for the
Fund.  DeAMi renders  investment  advisory and management  services to the Fund.
DIMA  compensates  DeAMi out of the  management  fee it receives  from the Fund.
DeAMi serves as  sub-advisor  pursuant to the terms of a  Subadvisory  Agreement
between it and the Advisor.                                                     

Under the terms of the Subadvisory  Agreement,  DeAMi manages the investment and
reinvestment of the Fund's  portfolio and will provide such  investment  advice,
research  and  assistance  as the  Advisor  may,  from time to time,  reasonably
request.                                                                        

The Subadvisory  Agreement  provides that DeAMi will not be liable for any error
of judgment or mistake of law or for any loss suffered by the Fund in connection
with matters to which the Subadvisory Agreement relates, except a loss resulting
from willful  misconduct,  bad faith or gross negligence on the part of DeAMi in
the  performance  of its  duties  or from  reckless  disregard  by  DeAMi of its
obligations and duties under the Subadvisory Agreement.                         

The Subadvisory  Agreement shall continue in effect until September 30, 2007 and
from  year to  year  thereafter,  but  only  as  long  as  such  continuance  is
specifically  approved at least  annually (a) by a majority of the  Directors of
the Corporation  who are not parties to such agreement or interested  persons of
any such party except in their capacity as Directors of the Corporation, and (b)
by  the  shareholders  or  the  Board  of  Directors  of  the  Corporation.  The
Subadvisory  Agreement may be terminated at any time upon 60 days' notice by the
Advisor or by the Board of Directors of the  Corporation  or by majority vote of
the  outstanding  shares  of the Fund,  and will  terminate  automatically  upon
assignment or upon termination of the Fund's investment management agreement.   

Codes of Ethics                                                                 

The Fund, the Advisor, subadvisor and the Fund's principal underwriter have each
adopted  codes of ethics  under Rule 17j-1  under the 1940 Act.  Board  members,
officers of the  Corporation  and  employees  of the  Advisor,  subadvisors  and
principal  underwriter are permitted to make personal  securities  transactions,
including  transactions in securities that may be purchased or held by the Fund,
subject to certain  requirements  and  restrictions  set forth in the applicable
Code  of  Ethics.   The  Advisor's  Code  of  Ethics  contains   provisions  and
requirements  designed to identify  and address  certain  conflicts  of interest
between  personal  investment  activities  and the interests of the Fund.  Among
other  things,   the  Advisor's  Code  of  Ethics  prohibits  certain  types  of
transactions  absent prior approval,  imposes time periods during which personal
transactions may not be made in certain securities,  and requires the submission
of  duplicate  broker   confirmations  and  quarterly  reporting  of  securities
transactions.  Additional  restrictions  apply to portfolio  managers,  traders,
research  analysts  and others  involved  in the  investment  advisory  process.
Exceptions to these and other  provisions of the Advisor's Code of Ethics may be
granted in particular circumstances after review by appropriate personnel.      

Compensation of Portfolio Managers                                              

The  Fund has  been  advised  that the  Advisor  seeks to offer  its  investment
professionals  competitive  short-term  and  long-term  compensation.  Portfolio
managers and research professionals are paid (i) fixed base salaries,  which are
linked to job function,  responsibilities  and financial  services industry peer
comparison  and (ii)  variable  compensation,  which  is  linked  to  investment
performance, individual contributions to the team and DWS Scudder's and Deutsche
Bank's  financial  results.  Variable  compensation  may  include  a cash  bonus
incentive and  participation in a variety of long-term equity programs  (usually
in the form of Deutsche Bank equity).                                           

Bonus  and  long-term   incentives   comprise  a  greater  proportion  of  total
compensation as an investment  professional's  seniority and compensation levels
increase.  Top performing  investment  professionals  earn a total  compensation
package  that is highly  competitive,  including  a bonus that is a multiple  of
their base  salary.  The amount of equity  awarded  under the  long-term  equity
programs is generally based on the individual's total  compensation  package and
may  comprise  from  0%-40%  of  the  total  compensation  award.  As  incentive
compensation increases,  the percentage of compensation awarded in Deutsche Bank
equity also increases. Certain senior investment professionals may be subject to
a mandatory diverting of a portion of their equity compensation into proprietary
mutual funds that they manage.                                                  

27

P-->497558th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 558th
To  evaluate  its  investment  professionals,  the  Advisor  uses a  Performance
Management  Process.   Objectives  evaluated  by  the  process  are  related  to
investment  performance and generally take into account peer group and benchmark
related data.  The ultimate goal of this process is to link the  performance  of
investment  professionals  with  client  investment  objectives  and to  deliver
investment   performance   that  meets  or  exceeds  clients'  risk  and  return
objectives. When determining total compensation,  the Advisor considers a number
of quantitative and qualitative factors such as:                                

o        DWS  Scudder   performance   and  the  performance  of  Deutsche  Asset
         Management, quantitative measures which include 1, 3 and 5 year pre-tax
         returns versus benchmark (such as the benchmark used in the prospectus)
         and appropriate  peer group,  taking into  consideration  risk targets.
         Additionally, the portfolio manager's retail/institutional asset mix is
weighted, as appropriate for evaluation purposes.             

o        Qualitative  measures include  adherence to the investment  process and
         individual  contributions  to  the  process,  among  other  things.  In
         addition, the Advisor assesses compliance, risk management and teamwork
skills.                                                       

o        Other factors,  including  contributions made to the investment team as
         well as  adherence  to  compliance,  risk  management,  and "living the
         values" of the Advisor,  are part of a  discretionary  component  which
         gives  management the ability to reward these behaviors on a subjective
basis through bonus incentives.                               

In addition,  the Advisor analyzes  competitive  compensation levels through the
use of extensive market data surveys. Portfolio manager compensation is reviewed
and may be modified each year as appropriate  to reflect  changes in the market,
as well as to adjust the  factors  used to  determine  overall  compensation  to
promote good sustained investment performance.                                  

Fund Ownership of Portfolio Managers                                            

The following table shows the dollar range of shares owned  beneficially  and of
record by each  member of the Fund's  portfolio  management  team in the Fund as
well as in all DWS Funds as a group (i.e.  those funds advised by Deutsche Asset
Management or its affiliates),  including  investments by their immediate family
members sharing the same household and amounts invested  through  retirement and
deferred  compensation plans. This information is provided as of the Fund's most
recent fiscal year end.                                                         

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

                                                    Dollar Range of                    Dollar Range of All DWS     
Name of Portfolio Manager                          Fund Shares Owned                      Fund Shares Owned        
-------------------------                          -----------------                      -----------------        
                                                                                                                   
Klaus Kaldemorgen                                         $0                                     $0                
Carmen Weber, CFA                                         $0                                     $0                

Because the fund's portfolio managers are not resident in the US, they generally                                   
do not  invest in US  registered  investment  companies,  such as the  Fund,  on                                   
account  of US tax  and  other  regulatory  limitations  applicable  to  foreign                                   
investors.                                                                                                         

Conflicts of Interest                                                                                              

In addition to managing the assets of the Fund,  the Fund's  portfolio  managers                                   
may have responsibility for managing other client accounts of the Advisor or its                                   
affiliates.  The tables below show, for each portfolio  manager,  the number and                                   
asset size of (1) SEC registered  investment companies (or series thereof) other                                   
than the Fund, (2) pooled investment vehicles that are not registered investment                                   
companies and (3) other  accounts  (e.g.,  accounts  managed for  individuals or                                   
organizations)  managed by each  portfolio  manager.  The  tables  also show the                                   
number of  performance  based fee  accounts,  as well as the total assets of the                                   
accounts for which the advisory fee is based on the  performance of the account.                                   
This information is provided as of the Fund's most recent fiscal year end.                                         

                                       28                                                                          

P-->497559th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 559th
Other SEC Registered Investment Companies Managed:                                                                 

                                       Number of         Total Assets of        Number of              Investment  
                                      Registered          Registered         Company Accounts       Total Assets of
                                      Investment          Investment               with           Performance-Based
Name of Portfolio Manager              Companies           Companies       Performance-Based Fee     Fee Accounts  
-------------------------              ---------           ---------       ---------------------     ------------  

Klaus Kaldemorgen                         $0                  $0                    $0                    $0       
Carmen Weber, CFA                         $0                  $0                    $0                    $0       

Other Pooled Investment Vehicles Managed:                                                                          

                                                                              Number of Pooled                     
                                      Number of                              Investment Vehicle                    
                                       Pooled          Total Assets of         Accounts with        Total Assets of
                                     Investment       Pooled Investment      Performance-Based    Performance-Based
Name of Portfolio Manager             Vehicles             Vehicles                 Fee              Fee Accounts  
-------------------------             --------             --------                 ---              ------------  

Klaus Kaldemorgen                           3          $13,168,997,266               $0                   $0       
Carmen Weber, CFA                           1             $495,831,228               $0                   $0       

Other Accounts Managed:                                                                                            

                                                                              Number of Other                      
                                                                               Accounts with      Total Assets of  
                                      Number of     Total Assets of Other   Performance-Based      Performance-    
Name of Portfolio Manager          Other Accounts          Accounts                 Fee          Based Fee Accounts
-------------------------          --------------          --------                 ---          ------------------

Klaus Kaldemorgen                        $0                   $0                    $0                   $0        
Carmen Weber, CFA                        $0                   $0                    $0                   $0        

In  addition  to the  accounts  above,  an  investment  professional  may manage
accounts in a personal  capacity that may include  holdings that are similar to,
or the same as,  those of the Fund.  The  Advisor  has in place a Code of Ethics
that is designed to address  conflicts of interest and that, among other things,
imposes  restrictions  on the ability of portfolio  managers  and other  "access
persons" to invest in securities  that may be  recommended or traded in the Fund
and other client accounts.                                                      

Real,  potential  or apparent  conflicts  of interest may arise when a portfolio
manager has day-to-day  portfolio  management  responsibilities  with respect to
more than one fund or account,  including the following:                        

o        Certain  investments may be appropriate for the Fund and also for other
         clients advised by the Advisor, including other client accounts managed
         by the Fund's portfolio  management team.  Investment decisions for the
         Fund  and  other  clients  are  made  with a view  to  achieving  their
         respective  investment  objectives  and  after  consideration  of  such
         factors as their current holdings,  availability of cash for investment
         and the size of their investments  generally. A particular security may
         be bought or sold for only one client or in  different  amounts  and at
         different times for more than one but less than all clients.  Likewise,
         because   clients  of  the  Advisor  may  have   differing   investment
         strategies, a particular security may be bought for one or more clients
         when one or more other clients are selling the security. The investment
         results  achieved for the Fund may differ from the results achieved for
         other  clients of the Advisor.  In addition,  purchases or sales of the
         same  security  may be made for two or more clients on the same day. In
         such event,  such transactions will be allocated among the clients in a
         manner  believed by the Advisor to be most  equitable  to each  client,
         generally utilizing a pro rata allocation  methodology.  In some cases,
the allocation  procedure                                     

29

P-->497560th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 560th
         could  potentially  have an adverse  effect or  positive  effect on the
         price  or  amount  of the  securities  purchased  or sold by the  Fund.
         Purchase  and sale  orders for the Fund may be  combined  with those of
         other  clients of the  Advisor in the  interest of  achieving  the most
favorable net results to the Fund and the other clients.      

o        To the  extent  that  a  portfolio  manager  has  responsibilities  for
         managing  multiple client  accounts,  a portfolio  manager will need to
         divide time and attention among relevant accounts. The Advisor attempts
         to minimize these conflicts by aligning its portfolio  management teams
         by  investment  strategy and by  employing  similar  investment  models
across multiple client accounts.                              

o        In some cases, an apparent  conflict may arise where the Advisor has an
         incentive, such as a performance-based fee, in managing one account and
         not with  respect to other  accounts it manages.  The Advisor  will not
         determine  allocations based on whether it receives a performance-based
         fee from the client. Additionally, the Advisor has in place supervisory
         oversight processes to periodically monitor performance  deviations for
accounts with like strategies.                                

o        The Advisor and its affiliates and the investment  team of the Fund may
         manage other mutual funds and separate  accounts on a long-short basis.
         The  simultaneous  management  of long  and  short  portfolios  creates
         potential  conflicts  of  interest  including  the risk that short sale
         activity  could   adversely   affect  the  market  value  of  the  long
         positions(and  vice versa),  the risk arising from sequential orders in
         long and short  positions,  and the  risks  associated  with  receiving
         opposing  orders at the same time.  The Advisor has adopted  procedures
         that it believes are reasonably  designed to mitigate  these  potential
         conflicts  of  interest.  Included  in these  procedures  are  specific
         guidelines  developed to ensure fair and  equitable  treatment  for all
         clients whose accounts are managed by each Fund's portfolio  management
         team. The Advisor and the portfolio  management  team have  established
         monitoring  procedures,  a protocol for supervisory reviews, as well as
         compliance  oversight  to ensure that  potential  conflicts of interest
relating to this type of activity are properly addressed.     

The Advisor is owned by Deutsche Bank AG, a  multi-national  financial  services
company.  Therefore,  the Advisor is affiliated  with a variety of entities that
provide, and/or engage in commercial banking, insurance,  brokerage,  investment
banking,  financial  advisory,  broker-dealer  activities  (including  sales and
trading),  hedge funds, real estate and private equity investing, in addition to
the provision of investment  management services to institutional and individual
investors.  Since  Deutsche  Bank AG, its  affiliates,  directors,  officers and
employees (the "Firm") are engaged in businesses  and have interests  other than
managing  asset  management  accounts,   such  other  activities  involve  real,
potential or apparent  conflicts of interest.  These  interests  and  activities
include potential  advisory,  transactional  and financial  activities and other
interests  in  securities  and  companies  that may be  directly  or  indirectly
purchased  or sold by the Firm for its  clients'  advisory  accounts.  These are
considerations  of which  advisory  clients  should be aware and which may cause
conflicts that could be to the disadvantage of the Advisor's  advisory  clients.
The Advisor has  instituted  business and  compliance  policies,  procedures and
disclosures  that are  designed to identify,  monitor and mitigate  conflicts of
interest and, as appropriate, to report them to the Fund's Board.               

Administrator.  The  Advisor  also  serves  as the  Corporation's  administrator
pursuant to an Administrative Services Agreement. Pursuant to the Administrative
Services  Agreement,  the Advisor provides  administrative  services to the Fund
including, among others, providing the Fund with personnel, preparing and making
required  filings on behalf of the Fund,  maintaining  books and records for the
Fund, and monitoring the valuation of Fund securities.  The  Administrator  will
pay  Accounting  Agency fees out of the  Administration  fee.  For all  services
provided under the Administrative Services Agreement, the Fund pays the Advisor,
computed daily and paid monthly,  a fee of 0.10% of the average daily net assets
of the  Fund.  The  Administrator  will pay  Accounting  Agency  fees out of the
Administration fee.                                                             

For the  fiscal  year  ended  August  31,  2007,  the Fund  incurred  $50,000 in
administration  fees all of which was waived. For the fiscal period ended August
31,  2006,  the Fund  incurred  $6,823 in  administration  fees all of which was
waived.                                                                         

Under the  Administrative  Services  Agreement,  the Advisor is  obligated  on a
continuous  basis to provide  such  administrative  services as the Board of the
Fund reasonably deems necessary for the proper  administration  of the          

30

P-->497561st Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 561st
Fund. The Advisor provides the Fund with personnel; arranges for the preparation
and filing of the Fund's tax returns;  prepares and submits  reports and meeting
materials to the Board and the  shareholders;  prepares and files updates to the
Fund's  prospectus  and  statement of  additional  information  as well as other
reports required to be filed by the SEC; maintains the Fund's records;  provides
the Fund with office space, equipment and services;  supervises,  negotiates the
contracts of and monitors the performance of third parties contractors; oversees
the  tabulation of proxies;  monitors the valuation of portfolio  securities and
monitors  compliance  with  Board-approved  valuation  procedures;   assists  in
establishing  the  accounting  and tax  policies  of the  Fund;  assists  in the
resolution  of  accounting  issues  that may  arise  with  respect  to the Fund;
establishes  and  monitors the Fund's  operating  expense  budgets;  reviews and
processes the Fund's bills;  assists in determining  the amount of dividends and
distributions  available to be paid by the Fund,  prepares and arranges dividend
notifications  and provides  information to agents to effect  payments  thereof;
provides to the Board periodic and special  reports;  provides  assistance  with
investor and public relations  matters;  and monitors the registration of shares
under  applicable  federal and state law. The Advisor also performs certain fund
accounting   services  under  the   Administrative   Services   Agreement.   The
Administrative  Services  Agreement provides that the Advisor will not be liable
under the Administrative Services Agreement except for willful misfeasance,  bad
faith or  negligence  in the  performance  of its  duties  or from the  reckless
disregard by it of its duties and obligations thereunder.                       

Various third-party service providers (the "Service  Providers"),  some of which
are affiliated with the Advisor,  provide certain  services to the Fund pursuant
to separate agreements with the Fund.                                           

The Advisor will pay the Service  Providers for the provision of their  services
to the  Fund  and  will  pay most  other  fund  expenses,  including  insurance,
registration,  printing  and  postage  fees.  In  return,  the Fund will pay the
Advisor an Administrative Fee.                                                  

The fee  payable  by the  Fund to the  Advisor  pursuant  to the  Administrative
Services  Agreement  is reduced by the  amount of any credit  received  from the
Fund's custodian for cash balances.                                             

Certain  expenses  of the  Fund  will  not be borne  by the  Advisor  under  the
Administrative  Services  Agreement,  such as  taxes,  brokerage,  interest  and
extraordinary  expenses;  and the fees and expenses of the Independent Directors
(including the fees and expenses of their independent counsel). In addition, the
Fund will continue to pay the fees required by its Agreement with the Advisor.  

Pursuant to an  agreement  between  the Advisor and State  Street Bank and Trust
Company ("SSB"), the Advisor has delegated certain  administrative  functions to
SSB. The costs and expenses of such delegation are borne by the Advisor,  not by
the Fund.                                                                       

Pursuant  to  Deutsche  Asset  Management  procedures  approved by the Boards on
behalf of the DWS funds,  proof of claim forms are routinely  filed on behalf of
the  DWS  funds  by  a  third  party  service  provider,  with  certain  limited
exceptions.  The Boards of the DWS funds receive periodic reports  regarding the
implementation of these procedures.                                             

FUND SERVICE PROVIDERS

Distributor and Underwriter

Distributor.  The  Corporation,  on  behalf  of the  Fund,  has  entered  into a
Underwriting and Distribution Services Agreement (the "Distribution  Agreement",
pursuant to which  DWS-SDI,  222 South  Riverside  Plaza,  Chicago,  IL 60606 as
agent, serves as principal  underwriter for the continuous offering of shares of
the Fund.  DWS-SDI, an affiliate of the Advisor, is a wholly owned subsidiary of
Deutsche Bank AG.  DWS-SDI has agreed to use its best efforts to solicit  orders
for the purchase of shares of the Fund, although it is not obligated to sell any
particular amount of shares. The Distribution Agreement for the Fund, dated July
1, 2006,  was  initially  approved  by the  Directors  on June 28, 2006 and last
approved on September 18, 2007. The Distribution  Agreement  continues in effect
from year to year only if its  continuance  is approved  at least  annually by a
vote of the  Board  members  of the Fund  including  the  Directors  who are not
interested  persons  of the Fund and who have no  direct or  indirect  financial
interest in the Distribution Agreement.                                         

31

P-->497562nd Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 562nd
Under the  Distribution  Agreement,  the Fund is responsible for: the payment of
all fees and expenses in connection with the preparation and filing with the SEC
of its registration  statement and prospectus and any amendments and supplements
thereto;  the registration  and  qualification of shares for sale in the various
states,  including registering the Fund as a broker or dealer in various states,
as  required;  the  fees  and  expenses  of  preparing,   printing  and  mailing
prospectuses  annually to existing shareholders (see below for expenses relating
to prospectuses paid by the Distributor);  notices, proxy statements, reports or
other  communications  to  shareholders  of the Fund;  the cost of printing  and
mailing  confirmations of purchases of shares and any prospectuses  accompanying
such  confirmations;  any issuance  taxes and/or any initial  transfer  taxes; a
portion of shareholder  toll-free  telephone charges and expenses of shareholder
service  representatives;  the cost of  wiring  funds for  share  purchases  and
redemptions (unless paid by the shareholder who initiates the transaction);  the
cost of printing and postage of business reply  envelopes;  and a portion of the
cost of computer terminals used by both the Fund and the Distributor.           

The Distributor will pay for printing and  distributing  prospectuses or reports
prepared for its use in connection with the offering of the Fund's shares to the
public and preparing,  printing and mailing any other  literature or advertising
in  connection  with the  offering  of  shares  of the fund to the  public.  The
Distributor will pay all fees and expenses in connection with its  qualification
and  registration  as a broker or dealer under federal and state laws, a portion
of the cost of toll-free  telephone service and expenses of shareholder  service
representatives,  a portion of the cost of computer  terminals,  and expenses of
any activity which is primarily  intended to result in the sale of shares issued
by the fund,  unless a Rule 12b-1 Plan is in effect which provides that the Fund
shall bear some or all of such expenses.                                        

Although the Fund does not currently  have a 12b-1 Plan for Class S shares,  and
the Directors have no current  intention of adopting one, the Fund will also pay
those fees and  expenses  permitted  to be paid or  assumed  by the  Corporation
pursuant to a 12b-1 Plan, if any,  adopted by the  Corporation,  notwithstanding
any other provision to the contrary in the underwriting agreement.              

The  Distributor  currently  offers shares of the Fund on a continuous  basis to
investors  in all  states  in which  shares of the Fund may from time to time be
registered or where  permitted by  applicable  law. The  underwriting  agreement
provides  that the  Distributor  accepts  orders for  shares at net asset  value
because no sales commission or load is charged to the investor.  The Distributor
has made no firm commitment to acquire shares of the Fund.                      

Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm                                   

The financial  highlights of the Fund included in the Fund's  Prospectus and the
financial statements incorporated by reference into this Statement of Additional
Information  have been so included or  incorporated  by reference in reliance on
the report of  PricewaterhouseCoopers  LLP, 125 High Street,  Boston,  MA 02110,
independent  registered  public  accounting firm, given on the authority of said
firm as experts in auditing and  accounting.  PricewaterhouseCoopers  audits the
financial  statements  of the Fund and  provides  other  audit,  tax and related
services.  Shareholders  will receive  annual audited  financial  statements and
semi-annual unaudited financial statements                                      

Legal Counsel                                                                   

Ropes & Gray LLP, One International  Place,  Boston,  Massachusetts 02110-2624,
serves  as  legal  counsel  to the  Fund and the  Independent  Directors  of the
Corporation.                                                                    

Custodian, Transfer Agent and Shareholder Service Agent

Custodian.  Brown Brothers Harriman and Co. (the "Custodian"),  40 Water Street,
Boston, Massachusetts 02109, serves as the Corporation's custodian pursuant to a
Custodian  Agreement.  Under its custody  agreement  with the  Corporation,  the
Custodian (i) maintains  separate  accounts in the name of the Fund,  (ii) holds
and  transfers  portfolio  securities  on  account  of the Fund,  (iii)  accepts
receipts and makes  disbursements  of money on behalf of the Fund, (iv) collects
and receives all income and other payments and  distributions  on account of the
Fund's portfolio  securities and (v) makes periodic reports to the Corporation's
Board of Directors concerning the Fund's operations. The Custodian is authorized
to  select  one or more  foreign  or  domestic  banks or  companies  to serve as
sub-custodian on behalf of the Fund, pursuant to Rule 17f-5 or the 1940 Act.    

32

P-->497563rd Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 563rd
Transfer Agent and Shareholder  Service Agent. DWS Scudder  Investments  Service
Company ("DWS SISC" or the "Transfer Agent"), 210 West 10th Street, Kansas City,
Missouri 64105-1614,  an  affiliate  of the  Advisor,  is the  transfer  agent,
dividend-paying agent and shareholder service agent for all classes of the Fund.

The Transfer  Agent receives an annual service fee for each account of the Fund,
based on the type of account.  For open retail  accounts,  the fee is a flat fee
ranging from $20.00 to $27.50 per account,  for open  wholesale  money funds the
fee is $32.50 per account, while for certain retirement accounts serviced on the
recordkeeping system of ADP, Inc., the fee is a flat fee up to $3.46 per account
(as of October  2006,  indexed to  inflation)  plus an asset  based fee of up to
0.25% of  average  net  assets.  1/12th of the  annual  service  charge for each
account is  charged  and  payable to the  Transfer  Agent each  month.  A fee is
charged for any account  which at any time during the month had a share  balance
in the  Fund.  Smaller  fees are also  charged  for  closed  accounts  for which
information  must be retained on the Transfer Agent's system for up to 18 months
after closing for tax reporting purposes.                                       

Certain  out-of-pocket  expenses  incurred  by  the  Transfer  Agent,  including
expenses of printing and mailing  routine fund  disclosure  documents,  costs of
record retention and transaction  processing costs are reimbursed by the Fund or
are paid  directly  by the  Fund.  Certain  additional  out-of-pocket  expenses,
including costs of computer  hardware and software,  third party  record-keeping
and processing of proxy statements,  may only be reimbursed by the Fund with the
prior approval of the Fund's Board.                                             

Pursuant to a sub-transfer  agency  agreement  between DWS-SISC and DST Systems,
Inc. ("DST"),  DWS-SISC has delegated certain transfer agent and dividend paying
agent  functions to DST. The costs and expenses of such  delegation  are born by
DWS-SISC, not by the Fund.                                                      

The Fund, or the Advisor (including any affiliate of the Advisor),  or both, may
pay   unaffiliated   third  parties  for  providing   recordkeeping   and  other
administrative  services with respect to accounts of  participants in retirement
plans or other  beneficial  owners of Fund shares whose  interests are generally
held in an omnibus account.                                                     

PORTFOLIO TRANSACTIONS

The Advisor is generally responsible for placing the orders for the purchase and
sale of portfolio  securities,  including  the  allocation  of  brokerage.  With
respect to those  funds for which a  sub-investment  advisor  manages the fund's
investments,  references in this section to the "Advisor" should be read to mean
the Sub-Advisor, except as noted below.                                         

The  policy of the  Advisor  in  placing  orders  for the  purchase  and sale of
securities  for the Funds is to seek best  execution,  taking into  account such
factors,   among  others,   as  price;   commission  (where   applicable);   the
broker-dealer's   ability  to  ensure  that  securities  will  be  delivered  on
settlement date; the willingness of the  broker-dealer to commit its capital and
purchase  a  thinly  traded   security  for  its  own  inventory;   whether  the
broker-dealer   specializes  in  block  orders  or  large  program  trades;  the
broker-dealer's  knowledge of the market and the security;  the  broker-dealer's
ability to  maintain  confidentiality;  the  broker-dealer's  ability to provide
access to new  issues;  the  broker-dealer's  ability  to provide  support  when
placing a difficult trade;  the financial  condition of the  broker-dealer;  and
whether the broker-dealer has the infrastructure and operational capabilities to
execute  and  settle  the trade.  The  Advisor  seeks to  evaluate  the  overall
reasonableness of brokerage  commissions with commissions  charged on comparable
transactions  and compares the brokerage  commissions (if any) paid by the Funds
to reported commissions paid by others. The Advisor routinely reviews commission
rates,  execution  and  settlement  services  performed  and makes  internal and
external comparisons.                                                           

Commission  rates  on  transactions  in  equity  securities  on U.S.  securities
exchanges are subject to negotiation. Commission rates on transactions in equity
securities on foreign  securities  exchanges are generally fixed.  Purchases and
sales of  fixed-income  securities and certain  over-the-counter  securities are
effected  on  a  net  basis,  without  the  payment  of  brokerage  commissions.
Transactions  in  fixed  income  and  certain  over-the-counter  securities  are
generally  placed by the  Advisor  with the  principal  market  makers for these
securities  unless the Advisor  reasonably  believes more favorable  results are
available elsewhere.  Transactions with dealers serving as market makers reflect
the spread between the bid and asked prices.  Purchases of  underwritten  issues
will  include  an  underwriting  fee  paid                                      

33

P-->497564th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 564th
to the underwriter. Money market instruments are normally purchased in principal
transactions directly from the issuer or from an underwriter or market maker.   

It is  likely  that the  broker-dealers  selected  based  on the  considerations
described in this section will include  firms that also sell shares of the Funds
to their  customers.  However,  the Advisor does not consider sales of shares of
the Funds as a factor in the selection of  broker-dealers  to execute  portfolio
transactions  for the Funds  and,  accordingly,  has  implemented  policies  and
procedures  reasonably designed to prevent its traders from considering sales of
shares of the Funds as a factor in the  selection of  broker-dealers  to execute
portfolio transactions for the Funds.                                           

The Advisor is  permitted  by Section  28(e) of the  Securities  Exchange Act of
1934, as amended ("1934 Act"), when placing  portfolio  transactions for a Fund,
to cause the Fund to pay brokerage  commissions  in excess of that which another
broker-dealer might charge for executing the same transaction in order to obtain
research and brokerage  services if the Advisor determines that such commissions
are  reasonable in relation to the overall  services  provided.  The Advisor may
from  time to time,  in  reliance  on  Section  28(e) of the 1934  Act,  execute
portfolio  transactions with  broker-dealers that provide research and brokerage
services to the Advisor.  Consistent  with the Advisor's  policy  regarding best
execution,  where more than one broker is  believed  to be capable of  providing
best execution for a particular  trade, the Advisor may take into  consideration
the receipt of research and brokerage services in selecting the broker-dealer to
execute  the trade.  Although  certain  research  and  brokerage  services  from
broker-dealers may be useful to a Fund and to the Advisor,  it is the opinion of
the Advisor that such information only supplements its own research effort since
the  information  must still be analyzed,  weighed and reviewed by the Advisor's
staff. To the extent that research and brokerage  services of value are received
by the Advisor,  the Advisor may avoid expenses that it might  otherwise  incur.
Research and brokerage  services  received from a broker-dealer may be useful to
the Advisor and its affiliates in providing  investment  management  services to
all or some of its  clients,  which  includes  a Fund.  Services  received  from
broker-dealers  that executed  securities  transactions for a Portfolio will not
necessarily be used by the Advisor specifically to service such Fund.           

Research and brokerage services provided by broker-dealers may include,  but are
not limited to,  information on the economy,  industries,  groups of securities,
individual   companies,   statistical   information,   accounting  and  tax  law
interpretations,  political developments, legal developments affecting portfolio
securities,  technical  market action,  pricing and appraisal  services,  credit
analysis,  risk measurement  analysis,  performance analysis and measurement and
analysis of corporate responsibility issues. Research and brokerage services are
typically  received  in the form of written  or  electronic  reports,  access to
specialized  financial  publications,  telephone  contacts and personal meetings
with  security  analysts,  but may also be  provided  in the form of  access  to
various  computer  software and meetings  arranged  with  corporate and industry
representatives.                                                                

The Advisor may also select  broker-dealers  and obtain from them  research  and
brokerage  services that are used in connection  with executing  trades provided
that such services are consistent  with  interpretations  under Section 28(e) of
the 1934 Act.  Typically,  these  services  take the form of  computer  software
and/or  electronic  communication  services  used by the  Advisor to  facilitate
trading activity with those broker-dealers.                                     

Research and brokerage services may include products obtained from third parties
if the Advisor determines that such product or service constitutes brokerage and
research as defined in Section 28(e) and interpretations thereunder.  Currently,
it  is  the  Advisor's  policy  that  Sub-Advisors  may  not  execute  portfolio
transactions on behalf of the Funds to obtain third party research and brokerage
services.  The  Advisor  may, in the future,  change  this  policy.  Regardless,
certain  Sub-Advisors may, as matter of internal policy, limit or preclude third
party research and brokerage services.                                          

The Advisor may use brokerage  commissions to obtain certain brokerage  products
or services that have a mixed use (i.e., it also serves a function that does not
relate to the investment  decision-making process). In those circumstances,  the
Advisor  will make a good faith  judgment to evaluate  the various  benefits and
uses to which it  intends to put the mixed use  product or service  and will pay
for that portion of the mixed use product or service that it reasonably believes
does not constitute research and brokerage services with its own resources.     

DIMA will  monitor  regulatory  developments  and market  practice in the use of
client  commissions to obtain research and brokerage services and may adjust its
portfolio transactions policies in response thereto.                            

34

P-->497565th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 565th
Investment  decisions for each Fund and for other investment accounts managed by
the  Advisor  are  made  independently  of each  other  in  light  of  differing
conditions. However, the same investment decision may be made for two or more of
such accounts. In such cases,  simultaneous  transactions are inevitable. To the
extent  permitted by law, the Advisor may aggregate the securities to be sold or
purchased  for a Fund with those to be sold or purchased  for other  accounts in
executing  transactions.  Purchases  or sales are then  averaged as to price and
commission  and  allocated  as to amount in a manner  deemed  equitable  to each
account.  While in some cases this practice  could have a detrimental  effect on
the price  paid or  received  by,  or on the size of the  position  obtained  or
disposed of for,  the Fund,  in other  cases it is believed  that the ability to
engage in volume transactions will be beneficial to the Fund.                   

DIMA and its affiliates and the Funds' management team manage other mutual funds
and separate accounts,  some of which use short sales of securities as a part of
its  investment  strategy.  The  simultaneous   management  of  long  and  short
portfolios creates potential conflicts of interest including the risk that short
sale activity could adversely affect the market value of the long positions (and
vice  versa),  the  risk  arising  from  sequential  orders  in long  and  short
positions,  and the risks associated with receiving  opposing orders at the same
time.                                                                           

DIMA has adopted procedures that it believes are reasonably designed to mitigate
these  potential  conflicts  of interest.  Incorporated  in the  procedures  are
specific  guidelines  developed to ensure fair and  equitable  treatment for all
clients. DIMA and the investment team have established monitoring procedures and
a protocol for supervisory  reviews,  as well as compliance  oversight to ensure
that  potential  conflicts  of interest  relating  to this type of activity  are
properly addressed.                                                             

Deutsche Bank AG or one of its affiliates (or in the case of a Sub-Advisor,  the
Sub-Advisor  or one of its  affiliates)  may act as a broker  for the  Funds and
receive brokerage commissions or other transaction-related compensation from the
Funds in the purchase and sale of securities, options or futures contracts when,
in the judgment of the Advisor,  and in accordance with  procedures  approved by
the Funds'  Boards,  the  affiliated  broker  will be able to obtain a price and
execution at least as favorable as those obtained from other  qualified  brokers
and if, in the  transaction,  the  affiliated  broker  charges  the Funds a rate
consistent  with that charged to  comparable  unaffiliated  customers in similar
transactions.                                                                   

For the fiscal year ended August 31 2007, the Fund paid brokerage commissions in
the amount of $46,906. The Fund did not pay any affiliated brokerage commissions
for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2007.                                      

The Fund is required to  identify  any  securities  of its  "regular  brokers or
dealers"  (as such term is defined  in the 1940 Act) that the Fund has  acquired
during the most recent  fiscal year.  As of August 31,  2007,  the Fund held the
following securities of its regular broker-dealers:                             

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

Name of Regular Broker or Dealer or Parent (Issuer)  Value of Securities Owned as of August 31, 2007
---------------------------------------------------  -----------------------------------------------
                                                                                                    
Lloyds TSB Group PLC                                                 $132,000                       
KBC Group NV                                                         $289,000                       
Nordea Bank AB                                                       $320,000                       
Zurich Financial Services AG                                         $373,000                       
Marfin Investment Group SA                                           $191,000                       

Portfolio Turnover                                                              

Portfolio  turnover  rate is  defined  by the SEC as the ratio of the  lesser of
sales or purchases to the monthly  average value of securities  owned during the
year,  excluding  all  securities  whose  remaining  maturities  at the  time of
acquisition were one year or less.                                              

Higher levels of activity by the Fund result in higher transaction costs and may
also  result  in  taxes on  realized  capital  gains  to be borne by the  Fund's
shareholders.  Purchases and sales are made whenever necessary, in the Advisor's
discretion, to meet the Fund's objective.                                       

35

P-->497566th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 566th
For the fiscal year ended August 31, 2007 and for the fiscal period July 5, 2006
(commencement  of  operations)  through  August 31, 2006,  the Fund's  portfolio
turnover rates were 127% and 7% (not annualized), respectively.                 

 PURCHASE AND REDEMPTION OF SHARES

General Information                                                             

Policies and procedures affecting  transactions in Fund shares can be changed at
any  time  without  notice,  subject  to  applicable  law.  Transactions  may be
contingent  upon proper  completion of application  forms and other documents by
shareholders  and their  receipt by the  Fund's  agents.  Transaction  delays in
processing (and changing account features) due to circumstances within or beyond
the  control  of the Fund and its  agents  may  occur.  Shareholders  (or  their
financial  service firms) are responsible for all losses and fees resulting from
bad checks,  cancelled orders or the failure to consummate transactions effected
pursuant to instructions reasonably believed to be genuine.                     

A  distribution  will be  reinvested in shares of the same Fund and class if the
distribution check is returned as undeliverable.                                

Orders  will be  confirmed  at a price  based on the net asset value of the Fund
next determined after receipt in good order by DWS-SDI of the order  accompanied
by payment.  However,  orders  received by dealers or other  financial  services
firms prior to the  determination  of net asset value and received in good order
by DWS-SDI prior to the  determination  of net asset value next determined after
receipt by DWS-SDI  will be  confirmed  at a price  based on the net asset value
("trade date").                                                                 

Additional  Minimum Balance Policies.  For fiduciary  accounts such as IRAs, and
custodial  accounts such as Uniform Gifts to Minor Act and Uniform  Transfers to
Minor Act accounts,  the minimum  balances are $1,000 for Class S. A shareholder
may  open  an  account  with  at  least  $1,000  ($500  for  fiduciary/custodial
accounts),  if an automatic  investment  plan (AIP) of $50/month is established.
Scudder group  retirement plans and certain other accounts have similar or lower
minimum share balance requirements.                                             

Reductions  in value that result  solely from market  activity  will not trigger
involuntary  redemption.  Shareholders with a combined household account balance
in any of the DWS Funds of $100,000  or more,  as well as group  retirement  and
certain other accounts will not be subject to automatic redemption.             

Fiduciary  (e.g., IRA or Roth IRA) and custodial  accounts (e.g.,  UGMA or UTMA)
with balances below $250 are subject to automatic  redemption following 90 days'
written notice to applicable shareholders.                                      

Certificates. Share certificates will not be issued.                            

Use of Financial  Services  Firms.  Investment  dealers and other firms  provide
varying arrangements for their clients to purchase and redeem the Fund's shares,
including higher minimum investments,  and may assess transaction or other fees.
Firms may arrange  with their  clients for other  investment  or  administrative
services.  Such firms may independently  establish and charge additional amounts
to their  clients for such  services.  Firms also may hold the Fund's  shares in
nominee or street  name as agent for and on behalf of their  customers.  In such
instances, the Fund's transfer agent, DWS Scudder Service Corporation ("DWS-SSC"
or the "Transfer  Agent"),  will have no information  with respect to or control
over the accounts of specific shareholders.  Such shareholders may obtain access
to their  accounts and  information  about their  accounts only from their firm.
Certain  of these  firms may  receive  compensation  from the Fund  through  the
Shareholder  Service Agent for  record-keeping  and other  expenses  relating to
these nominee  accounts.  In addition,  certain  privileges  with respect to the
purchase and  redemption of shares or the  reinvestment  of dividends may not be
available  through such firms.  Some firms may participate in a program allowing
them  access  to  their  clients'  accounts  for  servicing  including,  without
limitation,  transfers of  registration  and  dividend  payee  changes;  and may
perform functions such as generation of confirmation statements and disbursement
of cash  dividends.  Such firms,  including  affiliates of DWS-SDI,  may receive
compensation  from the Fund  through  the  Shareholder  Service  Agent for these
services.                                                                       

36

P-->497567th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 567th
The Fund will be deemed to have received a purchase or redemption  order when an
authorized  broker,  service  organization  or,  if  applicable,  an  authorized
designee,  accepts the order. Shares of the Fund may be purchased or redeemed on
any business  day at the net asset value next  determined  after  receipt of the
order,  in good order,  by the  Transfer  Agent.  Investors  who invest  through
authorized  brokers,  service  organizations or their designated  intermediaries
should submit purchase and redemption  orders directly to their broker,  service
organization or designated  intermediary.  The broker or intermediary may charge
you a transaction fee.                                                          

The Fund has authorized one or more financial  service  institutions,  including
certain members of the Financial Industry  Regulatory  Authority ("FINRA") other
than  the  Distributor  ("financial  institutions"),   to  accept  purchase  and
redemption  orders for the Fund's shares.  Such financial  institutions may also
designate other parties, including plan administrator intermediaries,  to accept
purchase and  redemption  orders on the Fund's  behalf.  Orders for purchases or
redemptions will be deemed to have been received by the Fund when such financial
institutions or, if applicable,  their  authorized  designees accept the orders.
Subject  to the  terms  of the  contract  between  the  Fund  and the  financial
institution, ordinarily orders will be priced at the Fund's net asset value next
computed  after  acceptance  by such  financial  institution  or its  authorized
designees and  acceptance by the Fund.  Further,  if purchases or redemptions of
the Fund's shares are arranged and settlement is made at an investor's  election
through any other authorized financial  institution,  that financial institution
may, at its  discretion,  charge a fee for that service.  The Board of Directors
and the Distributor,  also the Fund's principal underwriter,  each has the right
to limit the amount of purchases  by, and to refuse to sell to, any person.  The
Directors and the Distributor may suspend or terminate the offering of shares of
the Fund at any time for any reason.                                            

DWS-SDI has adopted an Incentive Plan (the "Plan") covering wholesalers that are
regional vice presidents  ("DWS Scudder  Wholesalers").  Generally,  DWS Scudder
Wholesalers  market shares of the DWS funds to your  financial  advisor,  who in
turn may  recommend  that you  purchase  shares  of a DWS  fund.  The Plan is an
incentive program that combines a monthly  incentive  component with a quarterly
strategic bonus component.  Under the Plan, DWS Scudder Wholesalers will receive
a monetary  monthly  incentive based on the amount of sales generated from their
marketing of the funds,  and that incentive will differ depending on the product
category  of  the  fund.   Each  fund  is  assigned  to  one  of  four   product
categories--"Core," "Strategic," "Satellite"   or   "Non-CSS"-taking   into
consideration, among other things, the following criteria, where applicable:    

o        The Fund's 3-year performance;                                         
o        The Fund's Morningstar rating;                                         
o        Market size for the fund category;                                     
o        The Fund's size, including sales and redemptions of the Fund's shares; 
o        The length of time the Fund's Portfolio Managers have managed the Fund;
and                                                           
o        The Fund's consistency with DWS Scudder's branding.                    

This  information  and other factors are  presented to a committee  comprised of
representatives  from  various  groups  within  DWS  Scudder,  who  review  on a
quarterly basis the funds assigned to each product category described above, and
make any  changes to those  assignments  at that time.  No one  factor,  whether
positive or negative,  determines a fund's  placement in a given  category;  all
these factors together are considered, and the designation of funds in the Core,
Strategic and Satellite categories represents management's judgment based on the
above criteria.  In addition,  management may consider a fund's profile over the
course  of  several  review  periods  before  making  a change  to its  category
assignment.  These  category  assignments  will be posted  quarterly  to the DWS
funds' Web site at www.dws-scudder.com, approximately one month after the end of
each quarter.  DWS Scudder Wholesalers will receive the highest compensation for
Core and Strategic  funds,  less for Satellite  funds and the lowest for Non-CSS
funds.   The  level  of   compensation   among  these   categories   may  differ
significantly.                                                                  

In the normal course of business,  DWS Scudder will from time to time  introduce
new funds into the DWS family of funds. As a general rule, all new funds will be
placed in the  Strategic  compensation  category  for a  minimum  period of four
consecutive quarters, and DWS Scudder Wholesalers will be paid at a rate that is
equivalent to that of the Core Fund  category.  After that four quarter  period,
each new fund in the  Strategic  category  will be reviewed by the committee and
either  assigned to one of the four  categories or continued as a Strategic fund
at that time.                                                                   

37

P-->497568th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 568th
The prospect of receiving,  or the receipt of, additional  compensation by a DWS
Scudder  Wholesaler  under the Plan may provide an incentive to favor  marketing
the Core,  Strategic  or  Satellite  funds  over the  Non-CSS  funds.  The Plan,
however,  will not change  the price that you pay for shares of a fund.  The DWS
Scudder  Compliance  Department  monitors DWS Scudder Wholesaler sales and other
activity  in an  effort  to  detect  unusual  activity  in  the  context  of the
compensation  structure under the Plan. However,  investors may wish to take the
Plan  and the  product  category  of the  fund  into  account  when  considering
purchasing a fund or evaluating any recommendations relating to fund shares.    

Telephone  and  Electronic  Transaction  Procedures.  Shareholders  have various
telephone, Internet, wire and other electronic privileges available. The Fund or
its agents will not be liable for any losses,  expenses or costs  arising out of
fraudulent or unauthorized instructions pursuant to these privileges if the Fund
or its agents reasonably believe, based upon reasonable verification procedures,
that the instructions were genuine.  Verification  procedures  include recording
instructions,  requiring  certain  identifying  information  before  acting upon
instructions  and  sending  written  confirmations.  During  periods  when it is
difficult to contact the  Shareholder  Service Agent, it may be difficult to use
telephone, wire and other privileges.                                           

QuickBuy and QuickSell. QuickBuy and QuickSell permits the transfer of money via
the Automated  Clearing House System (minimum $50 and maximum  $250,000) from or
to a shareholder's bank, savings and loan, or credit union account in connection
with the purchase or  redemption  of Fund shares.  Shares  purchased by check or
through  QuickBuy and QuickSell or Direct Deposit may not be redeemed under this
privilege  until  such  Shares  have been owned for at least 10  calendar  days.
QuickBuy and  QuickSell  cannot be used with  passbook  savings  accounts or for
certain tax-deferred plans such as IRAs.                                        

Share  Pricing.  Purchases  will be filled at the net asset value per share next
computed after receipt of the application in good order.  The net asset value of
shares of each Fund is  calculated  at 4:00  p.m.  Eastern  time or the close of
business on each day the New York Stock  Exchange (the  "Exchange")  is open for
trading. Orders received after the close of regular trading on the Exchange will
be executed at the next  business  day's net asset value.  If the order has been
placed  by a  member  of  the  FINRA,  other  than  the  Distributor,  it is the
responsibility  of the member  broker,  rather  than the fund,  to  forward  the
purchase order to (the "transfer  agent") in Kansas City by the close of regular
trading on the Exchange.                                                        

Dividend  Payment  Option.   Investors  may  have  dividends  and  distributions
automatically   deposited  to  their  predesignated  bank  account  through  DWS
Scudder's Dividend Payment Option request form. Shareholders whose predesignated
checking  account of record is with a member bank of  Automated  Clearing  House
Network  (ACH) can have  income and  capital  gain  distributions  automatically
deposited to their  personal  bank account  usually  within three  business days
after the Fund pays its distribution. A Dividend Payment Option request form can
be  obtained  by  visiting  our Web  site  at:  www.dws-scudder.com  or  calling
1-800-728-3337.  Confirmation  Statements  will be  mailed  to  shareholders  as
notification that distributions have been deposited.                            

Tax-Sheltered   Retirement   Plans.  The  Shareholder   Service  Agent  provides
retirement plan services and documents and SDI can establish  investor  accounts
in any of the  following  types  of  retirement  plans:                         

o        403(b)(7)  Custodial  Accounts,  prototype  money purchase  pension and
         profit-sharing  plans.  Forms for existing plans are available  through
the Shareholder Service Agent.                                

Additional fees and transaction policies and procedures may apply to such plans.
Investors  should  consult with their own tax  advisors  before  establishing  a
retirement plan.                                                                

Purchases                                                                       

The Fund  reserves the right to withdraw all or any part of the offering made by
its Prospectus and to reject purchase orders for any reason.  Also, from time to
time, the Fund may  temporarily  suspend the offering of any class of its       

38

P-->497569th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 569th
shares to new investors.  During the period of such suspension,  persons who are
already  shareholders of such class of such Fund may be permitted to continue to
purchase additional shares of such class and to have dividends reinvested.      

To help the  government  fight the  funding of  terrorism  and money  laundering
activities,  federal law requires all financial  institutions to obtain,  verify
and record  information  that identifies  each person who opens an account.  For
more  information,  please see  "Policies  You Should  Know About" in the Fund's
Prospectus.                                                                     

The Fund may waive the minimum for purchases by trustees, directors, officers or
employees of the Fund or the Advisor and its affiliates.                        

Class S shares of the Fund will generally not be available to new investors.    

Eligible Class S Investors                                                      

A.        The  following  investors  may  purchase  Class S shares  of DWS Funds
          either (i) directly from DWS Scudder  Distributors,  Inc. ("DWS-SDI"),
          the Fund's  principal  underwriter;  or (ii)  through an  intermediary
          relationship  with a financial  services firm established with respect
to the DWS Funds as of December 31, 2004.                   

          1.      Existing  shareholders of Class S shares of any DWS Fund as of
                  December 31, 2004, and household  members residing at the same
address.                                    

          2.      Shareholders  of Class S of any DWS Fund  who  became  Class S
                  shareholders  in connection  with the  consolidation  of Class
                  AARP  and  Class S on July  17,  2006  and  household  members
residing at the same address.               

          3.      Shareholders who have owned Class S shares  continuously since
                  December 31, 2004 and household  members  residing at the same
                  address  may open new  accounts  for Class S shares of any DWS
Fund.                                       

          4.      Any  participant  who has owned Class S shares of any DWS Fund
                  through an  employee  sponsored  retirement,  employee  stock,
                  bonus,  pension  or profit  sharing  plan  continuously  since
                  December 31, 2004 may open a new individual  account for Class
S shares of any DWS Fund.                   

          5.      Any  participant  who  owns  Class S  shares  of any DWS  Fund
                  through a retirement, employee stock, bonus, pension or profit
                  sharing plan may complete a direct  rollover to an IRA account
                  that will hold Class S shares. This applies to individuals who
                  begin their retirement plan investments with a DWS Fund at any
time, including after December 31, 2004.    

          6.      Officers, Fund Trustees and Directors, and full-time employees
                and their family members, of the Advisor and its affiliates.

          7.      Class S shares are  available to any  accounts  managed by the
                  Advisor,  any  advisory  products  offered  by the  Advisor or
                  DWS-SDI  and to DWS  Allocation  Series or other fund of funds
managed by the Advisor or its affiliates.   

          8.      Shareholders  of Class S of DWS Emerging  Markets  Equity Fund
                  who became  shareholders  of the fund in  connection  with the
                  fund's acquisition of Scudder New Asia Fund, Inc. on April 17,
2006.                                       

          9.      Shareholders  of Class S of any DWS Fund  who  became  Class S
                  shareholders in connection with the  consolidation  of Class M
                  and Class S on August 18, 2006 and household  members residing
at the same address.                        

39

P-->497570th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 570th
          10.     Shareholders  of Class S of any DWS Fund  who  became  Class S
                  shareholders  in connection with the renaming or conversion of
    Investment Class to Class S on October 23, 2006.

B. The following additional investors may purchase Class S shares of DWS Funds. 

          1.      Broker-dealers,   banks  and  registered  investment  advisors
                  ("RIAs")  may  purchase  Class S shares in  connection  with a
                  comprehensive  or  "wrap"  fee  program  or  other  fee  based
program.                                    

          2.      Any  group  retirement,  employee  stock,  bonus,  pension  or
profit-sharing plans.                       

          3.      Persons  who  purchase  shares as part of an  investment  only
placement in a 529 College Savings Plan.    

          4.      Persons who purchase  shares through a Health Savings  Account
                 or a Voluntary Employees' Benefit Association ("VEBA") Trust.

DWS-SDI may, at its discretion,  require appropriate documentation that shows an
investor is eligible to purchase Class S shares.                                

Revenue Sharing                                                                 

In light of recent  regulatory  developments,  the Advisor,  the Distributor and
their affiliates have undertaken to furnish certain additional information below
regarding  the  level  of  payments  made  by them to  selected  affiliated  and
unaffiliated  brokers,  dealers,  participating  insurance  companies  or  other
financial  intermediaries  ("financial  advisors") in  connection  with the sale
and/or  distribution  of  Fund  shares  or the  retention  and/or  servicing  of
investors and Fund shares ("revenue sharing").                                  

The  Advisor,  the  Distributor  and/or  their  affiliates  may  pay  additional
compensation,  out of their own  assets and not as an  additional  charge to the
Fund, to financial  advisors in connection with the sale and/or  distribution of
Fund shares or the retention and/or servicing of Fund investors and Fund shares.
Such revenue  sharing  payments are in addition to any  distribution  or service
fees  payable  under any Rule  12b-1 or  service  plan of any fund,  any  record
keeping/sub-transfer  agency/networking  fees  payable  by the  Fund  (generally
through the  Distributor  or an  affiliate)  and/or the  Distributor  to certain
financial   advisors  for  performing  such  services  and  any  sales  charges,
commissions,   non-cash  compensation  arrangements  expressly  permitted  under
applicable  rules of FINRA or other  concessions  described  in the fee table or
elsewhere in the  Prospectuses or the SAI as payable to all financial  advisors.
For example, the Advisor, the Distributor and/or their affiliates may compensate
financial  advisors  for  providing  the Fund with "shelf  space" or access to a
third  party  platform  or fund  offering  list,  or  other  marketing  programs
including, without limitation, inclusion of the Fund on preferred or recommended
sales  lists,  mutual  fund  "supermarket"  platforms  and  other  formal  sales
programs;  granting the  Distributor  access to the  financial  advisor's  sales
force;  granting the Distributor access to the financial  advisor's  conferences
and meetings;  assistance  in training and  educating  the  financial  advisor's
personnel; and, obtaining other forms of marketing support. The level of revenue
sharing payments made to financial advisors may be a fixed fee or based upon one
or more of the following factors:  gross sales,  current assets and/or number of
accounts of the Fund attributable to the financial advisor,  the particular fund
or fund type or other  measures  as agreed to by the  Advisor,  the  Distributor
and/or their affiliates and the financial  advisors or any combination  thereof.
The amount of these payments is determined at the discretion of the Advisor, the
Distributor  and/or their affiliates from time to time, may be substantial,  and
may be different for different  financial  advisors  based on, for example,  the
nature of the services provided by the financial advisor.                       

The Advisor,  the  Distributor  and/or their  affiliates  currently make revenue
sharing  payments  from  their own  assets in  connection  with the sale  and/or
distribution of DWS Fund shares, or the retention and/or servicing of investors,
to financial  advisors in amounts that  generally  range from .01% up to .50% of
assets of the Fund serviced and  maintained by the  financial  advisor,  .10% to
..25% of sales of the Fund attributable to the financial  advisor, a flat fee of
$12,500 up to $500,000, or any combination thereof. These amounts are subject to
change  at  the  discretion  of  the  Advisor,   the  Distributor  and/or  their
affiliates.   Receipt  of,  or  the  prospect  of  receiving,   this  additional
compensation,                                                                   

40

P-->497571st Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 571st
may influence your  financial  advisor's  recommendation  of this Fund or of any
particular  share class of the Fund. You should review your financial  advisor's
compensation  disclosure  and/or talk to your  financial  advisor to obtain more
information  on  how  this  compensation  may  have  influenced  your  financial
advisor's recommendation of this Fund.                                          

The Advisor,  the Distributor and/or their affiliates may also make such revenue
sharing  payments  to  financial  advisors  under the terms  discussed  above in
connection  with  the  distribution  of both  DWS  funds  and  non-DWS  funds by
financial  advisors to retirement plans that obtain record keeping services from
ADP, Inc. on the DWS Scudder branded  retirement plan platform (the  "Platform")
with the level of revenue  sharing  payments  being based upon sales of both the
DWS funds and the  non-DWS  funds by the  financial  advisor on the  Platform or
current  assets  of both  the DWS  funds  and the  non-DWS  funds  serviced  and
maintained by the financial advisor on the Platform.                            

As of the  date  hereof,  the  Fund  has been  advised  that  the  Advisor,  the
Distributor  and their  affiliates  expect that the following firms will receive
revenue sharing payments at different points during the coming year as described
above:                                                                          

Channel: Broker-Dealers and Financial Advisors                                  

A G Edwards & Sons Inc.                                                         
AIG Advisors Group                                                              
Ameriprise                                                                      
Cadaret, Grant & Co. Inc.                                                       
Capital Analyst, Incorporated                                                   
Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (dba Smith Barney)                               
Commonwealth Equity Services, LLP (dba Commonwealth Financial Network)          
First Clearing/Wachovia Securities                                              
HD Vest Investment Securities, Inc.                                             
ING Group                                                                       
LaSalle Financial Services, Inc. (dba ABN Amro)                                 
Linsco/Private Ledger Corp.                                                     
Marsh Insurance and Investment Company                                          
Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Inc.                                      
Morgan Stanley                                                                  
Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.                                                         
Pacific Select Distributors Group                                               
Raymond James & Associates                                                      
Raymond James Financial Services                                                
RBC Dain Rauscher, Inc                                                          
Securities America, Inc.                                                        
UBS Financial Services                                                          
Wells Fargo Investments, LLC                                                    

Channel: Cash Product Platform                                                  

ADP Clearing & Outsourcing                                                      
Allegheny Investments LTD                                                       
Bank of New York (Hare & Co.)                                                   
Bear, Stearns Securities Corp.                                                  
Brown Brothers Harriman                                                         
Brown Investment Advisory & Trust Company                                       
Cadaret Grant & Co.                                                             
Chicago Mercantile Exchange                                                     
Citibank NA                                                                     
D.A. Davidson & Company                                                         
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.                                                   

41

P-->497572nd Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 572nd
Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas                                            
Emmett A. Larkin Company                                                        
Fiduciary Trust Co. - International                                             
H.C. Denison Co.                                                                
Huntleigh Securities                                                            
Investors Bank & Trust                                                          
JPMorgan Chase                                                                  
Lincoln Investment Planning                                                     
Linsco Private Ledger Financial Services                                        
Mellon Financial Markets LLC                                                    
Penson Financial Services                                                       
Pershing Choice Platform                                                        
ProFunds Distributors, Inc.                                                     
Romano Brothers and Company                                                     
SAMCO Capital Markets (Fund Services, Inc.)                                     
Smith Moore & Company                                                           
State Street Bank & Trust Co.                                                   
Sungard Institutional Brokerage Inc.                                            
US Bancorp                                                                      
UBS Financial Services Inc.                                                     
William Blair & Company                                                         

Channel: Third Party Insurance Platforms                                        

Acacia National Life Insurance                                                  
Allmerica Financial Life Insurance Company                                      
Allstate Life Insurance Company of New York                                     
Ameritas Life Insurance Group                                                   
American General Life Insurance Company                                         
Annuity Investors Life Insurance Company                                        
Columbus Life Insurance Company                                                 
Commonwealth Annuity and Life Insurance Company                                 
Companion Life Insurance Company                                                
Connecticut General Life Insurance Company                                      
Farmers New World Life Insurance Company                                        
Fidelity Security Life Insurance Company                                        
First Allmerica Financial Life Insurance Company                                
Genworth Life Insurance Company of New York                                     
Genworth Life and Annuity Insurance Company                                     
Great West Life and Annuity Insurance Company                                   
Hartford Life Insurance Company                                                 
ICMG Registered Variable Life                                                   
Integrity Life Insurance Company                                                
John Hancock Life Insurance companies                                           
Kemper Investors Life Insurance Company                                         
Lincoln Benefit Life Insurance Company                                          
Lincoln Life & Annuity Company of New York                                      
Lincoln National Life Insurance Company                                         
Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Group                                       
MetLife Group                                                                   
Minnesota Life Insurance Company                                                
Mutual of America Life Insurance Company                                        
National Life Insurance Company                                                 
National Integrity Life Insurance Company                                       
Nationwide Group                                                                

42

P-->497573rd Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 573rd
New York Life Insurance and Annuity Corporation                                 
Phoenix Life Insurance Company                                                  
Protective Life Insurance                                                       
Provident Mutual Life Insurance                                                 
Prudential Insurance Company of America                                         
Sun Life GroupSymetra Life Insurance Company                                    
Transamerica Life Insurance Company                                             
Union Central Life Insurance Company                                            
United of Omaha Life Insurance Company                                          
United Investors Life Insurance Company                                         
Western Southern Life Assurance Company                                         

Any additions,  modifications or deletions to the financial advisors  identified
above that have occurred since the date hereof are not reflected.               

The Advisor,  the  Distributor  or their  affiliates  may enter into  additional
revenue sharing arrangements or change or discontinue existing arrangements with
financial advisors at any time without notice.                                  

The  prospect  of  receiving,  or the  receipt  of  additional  compensation  or
promotional  incentives  described above by financial  advisors may provide such
financial advisors and/or their salespersons with an incentive to favor sales of
shares of the DWS Funds or a particular  DWS Fund over sales of shares of mutual
funds (or  non-mutual  fund  investments)  with  respect to which the  financial
advisor does not receive additional compensation or promotional  incentives,  or
receives  lower levels of additional  compensation  or  promotional  incentives.
Similarly,  financial advisors may receive different  compensation or incentives
that may influence  their  recommendation  of any particular  share class of the
Fund or of other funds. These payment arrangements, however, will not change the
price that an investor pays for Fund shares or the amount that the Fund receives
to invest on behalf of an investor and will not increase Fund expenses.  You may
wish to take  such  payment  arrangements  into  account  when  considering  and
evaluating  any  recommendations  relating to Fund shares and you should discuss
this matter with your  financial  advisor  and review your  financial  advisor's
disclosures.                                                                    

Automatic Investment Plan. A shareholder may purchase shares of the Fund through
an automatic investment program.  With the Direct Deposit Purchase Plan ("Direct
Deposit"),  investments  are made  automatically  (minimum  $1,000  and  maximum
$250,000 for initial  investments and a minimum of $50 and maximum  $250,000 for
subsequent  investments) from the shareholder's  account at a bank,  savings and
loan or credit  union into the  shareholder's  Fund  account.  Termination  by a
shareholder  will become  effective  within  thirty  days after the  Shareholder
Service  Agent has received the request.  The Fund may  immediately  terminate a
shareholder's  Plan in the event  that any item is  unpaid by the  shareholder's
financial institution.                                                          

Minimum Subsequent Investment Policies.  For current shareholders there is a $50
minimum investment  requirement for subsequent investments in the fund. There is
no  minimum  subsequent  investment  requirement  for  investments  on behalf of
participants in certain  fee-based and wrap programs  offered through  financial
intermediaries approved by the Advisor.                                         

Payroll  Investment  Plans. A shareholder  may purchase  shares through  Payroll
Direct Deposit or Government  Direct  Deposit.  Under these  programs,  all or a
portion of a shareholder's  net pay or government check is invested each payment
period.  A shareholder may terminate  participation  in these programs by giving
written  notice  to  the  shareholder's   employer  or  government   agency,  as
appropriate. (A reasonable time to act is required.) The Fund is not responsible
for the  efficiency of the employer or  government  agency making the payment or
any financial institutions transmitting payments.                               

Expedited Purchase Procedures for Existing  Shareholders.  Shareholders of other
DWS funds who have  submitted an account  application  and have  certified a tax
identification  number, clients having a regular investment counsel account with
the Advisor or its affiliates and members of their immediate families,  officers
and  employees  of the  Advisor  or of any  affiliated  organization  and  their
immediate  families,  members of FINRA, and banks may open an account by wire by
calling 1-800-728-3337 for instructions. The investor must send a duly completed

43

P-->497574th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 574th
and signed  application  to the Fund promptly.  A subsequent  purchase order for
$10,000 or more that is not  greater  than four  times an  account  value may be
placed by  telephone,  fax,  etc.  by  established  shareholders  (except by DWS
Scudder  Individual  Retirement  Account  (IRA),  DWS Scudder  Horizon Plan, DWS
Scudder Profit Sharing and Money Purchase  Pension Plans, DWS Scudder 401(k) and
DWS Scudder 403(b) Plan holders), members of FINRA, and banks.                  

Redemptions                                                                     

The Fund  will  impose a  redemption  fee of 2% of the total  redemption  amount
(calculated at net asset value) on all Fund shares redeemed or exchanged  within
15 days of buying them (either by purchase or exchange).  The  redemption fee is
paid directly to the Fund, and is designed to encourage long-term investment and
to offset  transaction  and other costs  associated with short-term or excessive
trading. For purposes of determining whether the redemption fee applies,  shares
held the longest  time will be treated as being  redeemed  first and shares held
the shortest time will be treated as being  redeemed last. The redemption fee is
applicable  to Fund  shares  purchased  either  directly  or through a financial
intermediary,   such  as  a  broker-dealer.   Transactions   through   financial
intermediaries  typically  are  placed  with the Fund on an  omnibus  basis  and
include  both  purchase  and sale  transactions  placed on  behalf  of  multiple
investors. These purchase and sale transactions are generally netted against one
another and placed on an aggregate  basis;  consequently  the  identities of the
individuals on whose behalf the  transactions are placed generally are not known
to the Fund.  For this  reason,  the Fund has  undertaken  to  notify  financial
intermediaries  of their  obligation  to assess the  redemption  fee on customer
accounts  and to collect  and remit the  proceeds to the Fund.  However,  due to
operational   requirements,   the  intermediaries'   methods  for  tracking  and
calculating the fee may be inadequate or differ in some respects from the Fund. 

Policies and procedures affecting  transactions in fund shares can be changed at
any  time  without  notice,  subject  to  applicable  law.  Transactions  may be
contingent  upon proper  completion of application  forms and other documents by
shareholders  and their  receipt by the  Fund's  agents.  Transaction  delays in
processing (and changing account features) due to circumstances within or beyond
the  control  of the Fund and its  agents  may  occur.  Shareholders  (or  their
financial  service firms) are responsible for all losses and fees resulting from
bad checks,  cancelled orders or the failure to consummate transactions effected
pursuant to instructions reasonably believed to be genuine.                     

A  distribution  will be  reinvested in shares of the same fund and class if the
distribution check is returned as undeliverable.                                

Orders will be confirmed at a price based on the net asset value  (including any
applicable sales charge) of the Fund next determined after receipt in good order
by DWS-SDI of the order  accompanied  by payment.  However,  orders  received by
dealers or other  financial  services  firms prior to the  determination  of net
asset  value and  received  in good order by  DWS-SDI  prior to the close of its
business day will be confirmed at a price based on the net asset value effective
on that day ("trade date").                                                     

The Fund may suspend the right of  redemption  or delay  payment more than seven
days (a) during any period  when the  Exchange  is closed  other than  customary
weekend  and  holiday  closings  or during  any  period in which  trading on the
Exchange  is  restricted,  (b) during any period when an  emergency  exists as a
result  of which  (i)  disposal  of the  Fund's  investments  is not  reasonably
practicable,  or (ii) it is not reasonably practicable for the Fund to determine
the value of its net  assets,  or (c) for such  other  periods as the SEC may by
order permit for the protection of the Fund's shareholders.                     

A  request  for  repurchase  (confirmed  redemption)  may be  communicated  by a
shareholder  through a  financial  services  firm to  DWS-SDI,  which firms must
promptly submit orders to be effective.                                         

Redemption  requests  must be  unconditional.  Redemption  requests (and a stock
power for certificated  shares) must be duly endorsed by the account holder.  As
specified  in  the  Prospectus,  signatures  may  need  to  be  guaranteed  by a
commercial bank, trust company,  savings and loan  association,  federal savings
bank,  member  firm  of  a  national  securities  exchange  or  other  financial
institution  permitted by SEC rule.  Additional  documentation  may be required,
particularly  from   institutional  and  fiduciary  account  holders,   such  as
corporations,  custodians  (e.g.,  under the Uniform  Transfers  to Minors Act),
executors, administrators, trustees or guardians.                               

44

P-->497575th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 575th
Wires.  Delivery of the proceeds of a wire redemption of $250,000 or more may be
delayed by the Fund for up to seven days if the Fund or the Shareholder  Service
Agent deems it appropriate under then-current market conditions.  The ability to
send wires is limited by the business hours and holidays of the firms  involved.
The Fund is not responsible for the efficiency of the federal wire system or the
account  holder's  financial  services  firm or  bank.  The  account  holder  is
responsible  for any charges  imposed by the account  holder's  firm or bank. To
change the  designated  account  to receive  wire  redemption  proceeds,  send a
written request to the Fund Shareholder Service Agent with signatures guaranteed
as described above or contact the firm through which Fund shares were purchased.

Automatic  Withdrawal  Plan. An owner of $5,000 or more of a class of the Fund's
shares at the  offering  price may  provide  for the  payment  from the  owner's
account of any  requested  dollar amount to be paid to the owner or a designated
payee monthly,  quarterly,  semiannually or annually. The $5,000 minimum account
size is not applicable to IRAs. The minimum  periodic payment is $50. Shares are
redeemed so that the payee should receive payment  approximately on the first of
the month. Investors using this Plan must reinvest Fund distributions.          

Non-retirement plan shareholders may establish an Automatic Withdrawal Plan (the
"Plan") to receive  monthly,  quarterly or periodic  redemptions from his or her
account for any  designated  amount of $50 or more.  Shareholders  may designate
which day they want the automatic withdrawal to be processed.  The check amounts
may be based on the  redemption  of a fixed dollar  amount,  fixed share amount,
percent of account  value or  declining  balance.  The Plan  provides for income
dividends  and  capital  gains  distributions,  if  any,  to  be  reinvested  in
additional  shares.  Shares are then  liquidated  as  necessary  to provide  for
withdrawal  payments.  Since the  withdrawals  are in  amounts  selected  by the
investor and have no relationship to yield or income,  payments  received cannot
be  considered  as  yield  or  income  on  the   investment  and  the  resulting
liquidations may deplete or possibly  extinguish the initial  investment and any
reinvested dividends and capital gains distributions.  Any such requests must be
received  by the Fund's  transfer  agent ten days prior to the date of the first
automatic withdrawal. An Automatic Withdrawal Plan may be terminated at any time
by the  shareholder,  the  Trust or its  agent on  written  notice,  and will be
terminated  when all shares of the Fund under the Plan have been  liquidated  or
upon receipt by the Trust of notice of death of the shareholder.                

Exchanges                                                                       

Shareholders  may request a taxable  exchange of their  shares for shares of the
corresponding class of other DWS Funds, subject to the provisions below.        

Shares of money  market  funds that were  acquired  by purchase  (not  including
shares acquired by dividend  reinvestment)  are subject to the applicable  sales
charge on exchange.  Series of DWS Target Fund are  available  on exchange  only
during  the  offering  period for such  series as  described  in the  applicable
prospectus.  Cash Management Fund Investment, Tax Free Money Fund Investment, NY
Tax-Free Money Fund Investment,  Treasury Money Fund -- Class Investment,  Money
Market Fund Investment,  Cash Management Fund Institutional,  Cash Reserves Fund
Institutional,  Treasury Money Fund --  Institutional,  Cash Reserve Fund,  Inc.
Prime Series,  Cash Reserve Fund, Inc.  Treasury Series,  Tax-Exempt  California
Money Market Fund,  Cash Account Trust and Investors Cash Trust are available on
exchange but only through a financial  services firm having a services agreement
with DWS-SDI.  All  exchanges  among money funds must meet  applicable  investor
eligibility  and investment  requirements.  Exchanges may only be made for funds
that are available for sale in the shareholder's state of residence.  Currently,
Tax-Exempt   California  Money  Market  Fund  is  available  for  sale  only  in
California.                                                                     

Shareholders  must obtain  prospectuses of the fund of funds they are exchanging
into from dealers, other firms or DWS-SDI.                                      

Automatic Exchange Plan. The owner of $1,000 or more of any class of shares of a
DWS Fund may  authorize  the  automatic  exchange  of a  specified  amount  ($50
minimum) of such  shares for shares of the same class of another  such DWS Fund.
Exchanges  will  be  made  automatically  until  the  shareholder  or  the  fund
terminates  the  privilege.  Exchanges  are subject to the terms and  conditions
described above.                                                                

In-kind  Redemptions.  The Fund  reserves  the  right to honor any  request  for
redemption or repurchase  by making  payment in whole or in part in  securities.
These  securities will be chosen by the fund and valued as they are             

45

P-->497576th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 576th
for purposes of computing the Fund's net asset value.  A  shareholder  may incur
transaction expenses in converting these securities to cash.                    

 DIVIDENDS

The Fund intends to follow the practice of distributing substantially all of its
investment  company  taxable  income,  which includes any excess of net realized
short-term  capital gains over net realized  long-term capital losses.  The Fund
may follow the  practice  of  distributing  the  entire  excess of net  realized
long-term capital gains over net realized  short-term  capital losses.  However,
the Fund may retain all or part of such gain for reinvestment,  after paying the
related federal taxes for which  shareholders may then be able to claim a credit
against their federal tax liability.  If the Fund does not distribute the amount
of capital gain and/or  ordinary  income required to be distributed by an excise
tax  provision  of the Code,  the Fund may be subject  to that  excise  tax.  In
certain  circumstances,  the Fund may  determine  that it is in the  interest of
shareholders to distribute less than the required amount.                       

The  Fund  intends  to  distribute  dividends  from  its net  investment  income
excluding  short-term  capital gains  annually in December.  The Fund intends to
distribute  net  realized  capital  gains  after  utilization  of  capital  loss
carryforwards,  if any, in December to prevent  application  of a federal excise
tax. An additional distribution may be made, if necessary.                      

Any dividends or capital gains  distributions  declared in October,  November or
December  with a record  date in such a month  and  paid  during  the  following
January will be treated by  shareholders  for federal  income tax purposes as if
received on December 31 of the calendar year declared.                          

Income and  capital  gain  dividends,  if any,  of the Fund will be  credited to
shareholder accounts in full and fractional shares of the same class of the Fund
at net asset value on the reinvestment  date,  except that, upon written request
to the Shareholder  Service Agent, a shareholder may select one of the following
options:                                                                        

1.        To receive  income and  short-term  capital gain dividends in cash and
          long-term  capital  gain  dividends in shares of the same class at net
asset value; or                                             

2.        To receive income and capital gain dividends in cash.                 

Dividends  will be  reinvested  in shares of the same  class of the Fund  unless
shareholders  indicate in writing  that they wish to receive  them in cash or in
shares  of other  DWS  Funds  with  multiple  classes  of shares or DWS Funds as
provided in the prospectus. See `Combined Purchases' for a listing of such other
funds.  To use this  privilege of  investing  dividends of the Fund in shares of
another DWS Fund,  shareholders  must maintain a minimum account value of $1,000
in the Fund  distributing the dividends.  The Fund will reinvest dividend checks
(and  future  dividends)  in shares  of that  same Fund and class if checks  are
returned as undeliverable.  Dividends and other distributions of the Fund in the
aggregate  amount of $10 or less are  automatically  reinvested in shares of the
same class of the Fund unless the  shareholder  requests in writing that a check
be issued for that particular distribution.                                     

If an investment is in the form of a retirement  plan, all dividends and capital
gains distributions must be reinvested into the shareholder's account.          

If  a  shareholder   has  elected  to  reinvest  any   dividends   and/or  other
distributions,  such  distributions  will be made in  shares  of that  Fund  and
confirmations will be mailed to each shareholder. If a shareholder has chosen to
receive cash, a check will be sent.  Distributions of investment company taxable
income and net realized  capital  gains are  taxable,  whether made in shares or
cash.                                                                           

Each  distribution  is  accompanied  by a  brief  explanation  of the  form  and
character of the  distribution.  The  characterization  of distributions on such
correspondence may differ from the characterization for federal tax purposes. In
January of each year the Fund  issues to each  shareholder  a  statement  of the
federal income tax status of all distributions in the prior calendar year.      

46

P-->497577th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 577th
The Fund may at any time vary its foregoing dividend  practices and,  therefore,
reserves  the  right  from  time to time to  either  distribute  or  retain  for
reinvestment  such of its net  investment  income  and  its net  short-term  and
long-term  capital  gains as its  Board  determines  appropriate  under the then
current circumstances.  In particular,  and without limiting the foregoing,  the
Fund may make additional  distributions of net investment income or capital gain
net income in order to satisfy the minimum distribution  requirements  contained
in the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code").                  

 TAXES

The following is intended to be a general  summary of certain federal income tax
consequences  of  investing  in the  Fund.  It is  not  intended  as a  complete
discussion  of all such  consequences,  nor  does it  purport  to deal  with all
categories of investors.  Investors are therefore  advised to consult with their
tax advisors before making an investment in the Fund.                           

Taxation  of the Fund.  The Fund  intends to elect to be treated  and to qualify
each year as a regulated  investment  company under Subchapter M of the Code. In
order to qualify for the special tax  treatment  accorded  regulated  investment
companies and their shareholders, the Fund must, among other things:            

(a)      derive at least 90% of its gross  income for each taxable year from (i)
         dividends, interest, payments with respect to certain securities loans,
         and gains from the sale or other  disposition  of stock,  securities or
         foreign currencies, or other income (including but not limited to gains
         from options,  futures,  or forward  contracts) derived with respect to
         its business of investing in such stock, securities,  or currencies and
         (ii) net income  derived from interests in "qualified  publicly  traded
partnerships" (as defined below);                             

(b)      diversify  its  holdings  so that,  at the end of each  quarter  of the
         Fund's taxable year, (i) at least 50% of the market value of the Fund's
         total assets is  represented  by cash and cash items,  U.S.  Government
         securities,  securities of other regulated  investment  companies,  and
         other  securities  limited  in respect of any one issuer to a value not
         greater  than 5% of the value of the Fund's  total  assets and not more
         than 10% of the outstanding  voting securities of such issuer, and (ii)
         not more than 25% of the value of the Fund's  total  assets is invested
         (x) in the securities (other than those of the U.S. Government or other
         regulated  investment  companies)  of any one  issuer or of two or more
         issuers  which the Fund  controls  and which are  engaged  in the same,
         similar,  or related trades or businesses,  or (y) in the securities of
         one or more qualified publicly traded  partnerships (as defined below).
         In the case of the Fund's investment in loan  participations,  the Fund
         shall  treat  both the  financial  intermediary  and the  issuer of the
         underlying  loan  as  an  issuer  for  the  purposes  of  meeting  this
diversification requirement; and                              

(c)      distribute with respect to each taxable year at least 90% of the sum of
         its investment  company  taxable income (as that term is defined in the
         Code without  regard to the deduction  for  dividends  paid--generally,
         taxable  ordinary  income and the  excess,  if any,  of net  short-term
         capital gains over net  long-term  capital  losses) and net  tax-exempt
interest income, for such year.                               

In  general,  for  purposes of the 90% gross  income  requirement  described  in
paragraph  (a)  above,  income  derived  from a  partnership  will be treated as
qualifying  income only to the extent such  income is  attributable  to items of
income of the  partnership  which would be qualifying  income if realized by the
regulated  investment company.  However,  100% of the net income derived from an
interest in a "qualified publicly traded partnership"  (defined as a partnership
(i) interests in which are traded on an established securities market or readily
tradable on a secondary  market or the substantial  equivalent  thereof and (ii)
that derives less than 90% of its income from the qualifying income described in
paragraph  (a)(i)  above) is now  treated as  qualifying  income.  In  addition,
although in general the passive loss rules of the Code do not apply to regulated
investment companies, such rules do apply to a regulated investment company with
respect to items  attributable  to an interest in a  qualified  publicly  traded
partnership. Finally, for purposes of paragraph (b) above, the term "outstanding
voting  securities  of such  issuer"  will  include the equity  securities  of a
qualified publicly traded partnership.                                          

47

P-->497578th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 578th
If the Fund qualifies as a regulated investment company that is accorded special
tax  treatment,  the Fund will not be subject  to  federal  income tax on income
distributed  in a timely  manner to its  shareholders  in the form of  dividends
(including Capital Gain Dividends, as defined below).                           

If for any taxable year the Fund does not qualify for the special federal income
tax treatment afforded regulated investment companies, all of its taxable income
will be subject to federal  income tax at regular  corporate  rates (without any
deduction for distributions to its  shareholders),  and all  distributions  from
earnings and profits,  including any  distributions of net tax-exempt income and
net long-term capital gains, will be taxable to shareholders as ordinary income.
Such  distributions  would be eligible (i) to be treated as "qualified  dividend
income," in the case of individual and other noncorporate shareholders,  subject
to reduced rates of federal income taxation for taxable years  beginning  before
January 1, 2011 and (ii) for the 70% dividends received deduction in the case of
corporate  shareholders.  In  addition,  the Fund could be required to recognize
unrealized  gains,  pay  substantial  taxes and  interest  and make  substantial
distributions  before  requalifying  as a regulated  investment  company that is
accorded special tax treatment.                                                 

The Fund is subject to a 4%  nondeductible  excise tax on amounts required to be
but not distributed under a prescribed formula.  The formula requires payment to
shareholders  during a calendar year of distributions  representing at least 98%
of the Fund's taxable  ordinary income for the calendar year and at least 98% of
the excess of its capital gains over capital losses realized during the one-year
period  ending  October 31 (in most cases) of such year as well as amounts  that
were neither  distributed  nor taxed to the Fund during the prior calendar year.
Although the Fund's  distribution  policies should enable it to avoid excise tax
liability,  the Fund may  retain  (and be  subject to income or excise tax on) a
portion of its capital  gain or other income if it appears to be in the interest
of such Fund.                                                                   

Taxation of Fund Distributions.  For federal income tax purposes,  distributions
of  investment  income  are  generally  taxable  as  ordinary  income.  Taxes on
distributions  of capital  gains are  determined  by how long the Fund owned the
investments  that generated  them,  rather than how long a shareholder has owned
his or  her  shares.  Distributions  of net  capital  gains  from  the  sale  of
investments  that the Fund  owned for more  than one year and that are  properly
designated by the Fund as capital gain dividends ("Capital Gain Dividends") will
be taxable as long-term  capital gains.  Distributions of gains from the sale of
investments that the Fund owned for one year or less will be taxable as ordinary
income.  For taxable years beginning  before January 1, 2011,  distributions  of
investment  income  designated by the Fund as derived from  "qualified  dividend
income" will be taxed in the hands of  individuals  at the rates  applicable  to
long-term capital gain,  provided holding period and other  requirements are met
at both the shareholder and Fund levels.                                        

Distributions  are taxable to shareholders  even if they are paid from income or
gains  earned  by the Fund  before a  shareholder's  investment  (and  thus were
included in the price the shareholder  paid).  Distributions are taxable whether
shareholders  receive them in cash or reinvest them in additional shares through
the reinvestment  privilege. A shareholder whose distributions are reinvested in
shares will be treated as having  received a dividend  equal to either:  (i) the
fair market value of the new shares  issued to the  shareholder,  or (ii) if the
shares are trading  below net asset value,  the amount of cash  allocated to the
shareholder  for the  purchase of shares on its behalf in the open  market.  Any
gain  resulting  from the sale or  exchange  of Fund  shares  generally  will be
taxable as capital gains.                                                       

Long-term  capital gain rates  applicable to individuals  have been  temporarily
reduced -- in general,  to 15% with lower rates applying to taxpayers in the 10%
and 15% rate brackets -- for taxable years beginning before January 1, 2011.    

For taxable years beginning before January 1, 2011,  "qualified dividend income"
received by an  individual  will be taxed at the rates  applicable  to long-term
capital gain.  In order for some portion of the  dividends  received by the Fund
shareholder to be "qualified dividend income," the Fund must meet holding period
and other  requirements  with  respect to some  portion of the  dividend  paying
stocks in its portfolio and the  shareholder  must meet holding period and other
requirements  with respect to the Fund's shares.  A dividend will not be treated
as qualified  dividend  income (at either the Fund or shareholder  level) (1) if
the dividend is received  with respect to any share of stock held for fewer than
61 days during the 121-day period  beginning on the date which is 60 days before
the date on which such share becomes  ex-dividend  with respect to such dividend
(or, in the case of certain  preferred  stock, 91 days during the 181-day period
beginning  90 days before such date),  (2) to the extent that the  recipient  is
under an                                                                        

48

P-->497579th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 579th
obligation  (whether  pursuant  to a short sale or  otherwise)  to make  related
payments with respect to positions in substantially similar or related property,
(3) if the recipient  elects to have the dividend  income  treated as investment
interest,  or (4) if the dividend is received from a foreign corporation that is
(a) not eligible for the benefits of a comprehensive  income tax treaty with the
United States (with the  exception of dividends  paid on stock of such a foreign
corporation  readily tradable on an established  securities market in the United
States) or (b) treated as a passive foreign investment company.                 

In general, distributions of investment income designated by the Fund as derived
from qualified dividend income will be treated as qualified dividend income by a
shareholder  taxed as an individual  provided the shareholder  meets the holding
period and other requirements described above with respect to the Fund's shares.
If the  aggregate  qualified  dividends  received by the Fund during any taxable
year are 95% or more of its  gross  income,  then 100% of the  Fund's  dividends
(other than dividends  properly  designated as Capital Gain  Dividends)  will be
eligible to be treated as qualified dividend income. For this purpose,  the only
gain included in the term "gross income" is the excess of net short-term capital
gain over net long-term capital loss.                                           

Special tax rules apply to investments  through defined  contribution  plans and
other  tax-qualified  plans.  Shareholders  should  consult their tax adviser to
determine  the  suitability  of shares of a fund as an  investment  through such
plans  and  the  precise  effect  of and  investment  on  their  particular  tax
situation.                                                                      

All  distributions  by the Fund result in a reduction  in the net asset value of
that Fund's  shares.  Should a  distribution  reduce the net asset value below a
shareholder's cost basis, such distribution would nevertheless be taxable to the
shareholder as ordinary income or capital gain as described above,  even though,
from an investment standpoint, it may constitute a partial return of capital. In
particular,  investors  should be careful to consider  the tax  implications  of
buying  shares just prior to a  distribution.  The price of shares  purchased at
that time includes the amount of the forthcoming distribution.  Those purchasing
just prior to a  distribution  will receive a partial return of capital upon the
distribution, which will nevertheless be taxable to them.                       

Capital gains  distributions  may be reduced if Fund capital loss  carryforwards
are available.  Any capital loss carryforwards to which the Fund is entitled are
disclosed in the Fund's annual and semi-annual reports to shareholders.         

Dividends Received Deduction. If dividends from domestic corporations constitute
a  substantial  portion  of the  Fund's  gross  income,  a portion of the income
distributions  of such Fund may be eligible for the 70%  deduction for dividends
received  by  corporations.  Shareholders  will be  informed  of the  portion of
dividends which so qualify. The  dividends-received  deduction is reduced to the
extent the shares of the Fund with respect to which the  dividends  are received
are treated as  debt-financed  under federal income tax law and is eliminated if
either  those shares or the shares of a fund are deemed to have been held by the
Fund or the  shareholder,  as the case may be, for less than 46 days  during the
91-day period beginning 45 days before the shares become ex-dividend.           

Transactions in Fund Shares.  The sale,  exchange or redemption of shares of the
Fund may give rise to a gain or loss. In general, any gain or loss realized upon
a taxable  disposition  of shares will be treated as  long-term  capital gain or
loss if the shares have been held for more than 12 months.  Otherwise,  the gain
or loss on the  taxable  disposition  of shares of the Fund will be  treated  as
short-term gain or loss.  However,  any loss realized upon a taxable disposition
of shares held for six months or less will be treated as long-term,  rather than
short-term,  to the extent of any long-term capital gain distributions  received
(or deemed  received) by the  shareholder  with respect to the shares.  All or a
portion of any loss  realized upon a taxable  disposition  of shares of the Fund
will be  disallowed  if other  substantially  identical  shares  of the Fund are
purchased  within 30 days before or after the  disposition.  In such a case, the
basis of the newly  purchased  shares will be adjusted to reflect the disallowed
loss.                                                                           

Foreign  Taxation.  Foreign  withholding  or other foreign taxes with respect to
income  (possibly  including,  in some cases,  capital gains) on certain foreign
securities may occur.  These taxes may be reduced or eliminated  under the terms
of an applicable US income tax treaty.  If more than 50% of the Fund's assets at
year end consist of the securities of foreign  corporations,  the Fund may elect
to  permit  shareholders  to claim a credit or  deduction  on their  income  tax
returns  for their pro rata  portion  the  qualified  taxes  paid by the Fund to
foreign  countries  in respect of  foreign  securities  the Fund has held for at
least the minimum  period  specified in the Code.  In such a case,              

49

P-->497580th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 580th
shareholders  will include in gross income from foreign  sources  their pro rata
shares of such taxes. A  shareholder's  ability to claim a foreign tax credit or
deduction in respect of foreign taxes paid by the Fund may be subject to certain
limitations  imposed by the Code, as a result of which a shareholder may not get
a full  credit  or  deduction  for the  amount  of such  taxes.  In  particular,
shareholders must hold their Fund shares (without  protection from risk of loss)
on the  ex-dividend  date and for at least 15 additional  days during the 30-day
period  surrounding the  ex-dividend  date to be eligible to claim a foreign tax
credit  with  respect to a given  dividend.  Shareholders  who do not itemize on
their federal  income tax returns may claim a credit (but no deduction) for such
foreign  taxes.  If the  Fund  does  not  make  the  election  discussed  above,
shareholders  will not be able to claim either a credit or a deduction for their
pro rata  portion  of such  taxes  paid by the Fund,  nor will  shareholders  be
required  to treat as part of the  amounts  distributed  to them  their pro rata
portion of such taxes paid.                                                     

Foreign Currency  Transactions.  The Fund's  transactions in foreign currencies,
foreign-currency-denominated  debt  obligations  and  certain  foreign  currency
options,  futures contracts and forward contracts (and similar  instruments) may
give rise to ordinary  income or loss to the extent such income or loss  results
from fluctuations in the value of the foreign currency concerned.               

Passive Foreign Investment Companies.  Equity investments by the Fund in certain
"passive foreign investment  companies"  ("PFICs") could potentially subject the
Fund to a US federal income tax (including  interest  charges) on  distributions
received from the company or on proceeds received from the disposition of shares
in the company,  which tax cannot be eliminated by making  distributions to Fund
shareholders.  However,  the Fund may elect to avoid the imposition of that tax.
For example,  the Fund may elect to treat a PFIC as a "qualified  electing fund"
(a "QEF  election"),  in which case the Fund would be  required  to include  its
share of the  company's  income and net capital  gains  annually,  regardless of
whether it receives any distribution from the company. The Fund also may make an
election to mark the gains (and to a limited extent losses) in such holdings "to
the market" as though it had sold and repurchased its holdings in those PFICs on
the last day of the Fund's  taxable  year.  Such gains and losses are treated as
ordinary  income and loss. The QEF and  mark-to-market  elections may accelerate
the  recognition of income (without the receipt of cash) and increase the amount
required to be distributed by the Fund to avoid taxation. Making either of these
elections  therefore  may  require  the  Fund  to  liquidate  other  investments
(including  when  it is not  advantageous  to do so) to  meet  its  distribution
requirement,  which also may accelerate  the  recognition of gain and affect the
Fund's total return.  Dividends paid by PFICs will not be eligible to be treated
as "qualified dividend income."                                                 

Tax Effects of Certain Transactions.  The Fund's investment in zero coupon bonds
and other debt obligations  having original issue discount may cause the Fund to
recognize  taxable income in excess of any cash received from the investment.  A
portion of the difference  between the issue price of zero coupon securities and
their face value  ("original  issue discount") is considered to be income to the
Fund each year,  even though the Fund will not receive  cash  interest  payments
from these securities. This original issue discount imputed income will comprise
a part of the  investment  company  taxable  income of the Fund,  which  must be
distributed to shareholders in order to maintain the  qualification  of the Fund
as a regulated  investment company and to avoid federal income tax at the Fund's
level.                                                                          

Some debt  obligations with a fixed maturity date of more than one year from the
date of issuance (and all  zero-coupon  debt  obligations  with a fixed maturity
date of more than one year from the date of  issuance)  that are acquired by the
Fund  will be  treated  as debt  obligations  that are  issued  originally  at a
discount.  Generally,  the  amount of the  original  issue  discount  ("OID") is
treated as interest income and is included in taxable income (and required to be
distributed)  over the term of the debt  security,  even though  payment of that
amount  is not  received  until a later  time,  usually  when the debt  security
matures. In addition,  payment-in-kind securities will give rise to income which
is required to be  distributed  and is taxable  even though the Fund holding the
security receives no interest payment in cash on the security during the year.  

Some debt  obligations with a fixed maturity date of more than one year from the
date of issuance  that are acquired by the Fund in the  secondary  market may be
treated  as  having  market  discount.  Generally,  any gain  recognized  on the
disposition  of, and any partial payment of principal on, a debt security having
market  discount  is treated  as  ordinary  income to the  extent  the gain,  or
principal  payment,  does not exceed the "accrued market  discount" on such debt
security.  Market discount  generally accrues in equal daily  installments.  The
Fund may make one or more of                                                    

50

P-->497581st Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 581st
the elections applicable to debt obligations having market discount, which could
affect the character and timing of recognition of income.                       

In addition,  if the Fund invests in certain high yield  original issue discount
obligations issued by corporations (including tax-exempt obligations), a portion
of the original  issue  discount  accruing on the  obligation  may be treated as
taxable dividend income. In such event,  dividends of investment company taxable
income received from the Fund by its shareholders, to the extent attributable to
such portion of accrued  original  issue  discount,  would be taxable.  Any such
dividends received by the Fund's corporate  shareholders may be eligible for the
deduction for dividends received by corporations.                               

Any market discount recognized on a bond is taxable as ordinary income. A market
discount bond is a bond  acquired in the  secondary  market at a price below its
redemption  value (or its  adjusted  issue price if issued with  original  issue
discount).  Absent an election  to include  the market  discount in income as it
accrues,  gain on the  disposition  of such an  obligation  will be  treated  as
ordinary  income  (instead  of capital  gain) to the  extent of  accrued  market
discount.                                                                       

The Fund may invest to a significant  extent in debt obligations that are in the
lowest rating  categories or are unrated,  including debt obligations of issuers
not  currently  paying  interest  or who  are in  default.  Investments  in debt
obligations that are at risk of or in default present special tax issues for the
Fund.  Tax rules are not  entirely  clear about issues such as when the Fund may
cease to accrue interest,  original issue discount or market discount,  when and
to what extent deductions may be taken for bad debts or worthless securities and
how payments  received on  obligations  in default  should be allocated  between
principal and income.  These and other  related  issues will be addressed by the
Fund when, as and if it invests in such  securities,  in order to seek to ensure
that it  distributes  sufficient  income to  preserve  its status as a regulated
investment  company and does not become subject to U.S. federal income or excise
tax.                                                                            

If the Fund engages in hedging  transactions,  including hedging transactions in
options,  futures contracts,  and straddles,  or other similar transactions,  it
will  be  subject   to  special   tax  rules   (including   constructive   sale,
mark-to-market,  straddle, wash sale, and short sale rules), the effect of which
may be to  accelerate  income to the  Fund,  defer  losses  to the  Fund,  cause
adjustments in the holding periods of the Fund's  securities,  convert long-term
capital gains into short-term capital gains or convert short-term capital losses
into long-term  capital losses.  These rules could therefore  affect the amount,
timing and character of distributions to shareholders. The Fund will endeavor to
make  any  available  elections  pertaining  to such  transactions  in a  manner
believed to be in the best interests of the Fund.                               

Certain of the Fund's hedging  activities  (including  transactions,  if any, in
foreign  currencies or foreign  currency-denominated  instruments) may produce a
difference  between its book income and its taxable  income.  If the Fund's book
income exceeds its taxable income, the distribution (if any) of such excess will
be treated as (i) a dividend to the extent of the Fund's remaining  earnings and
profits (including  earnings and profits arising from tax-exempt  income),  (ii)
thereafter as a return of capital to the extent of the recipient's  basis in the
shares,  and (iii)  thereafter  as gain from the sale or  exchange  of a capital
asset. If the Fund's book income is less than its taxable income, the Fund could
be  required  to make  distributions  exceeding  book  income  to  qualify  as a
regulated investment company that is accorded special tax treatment.            

Backup  Withholding.  Under  the  backup  withholding  provisions  of the  Code,
redemption  proceeds as well as  distributions  may be subject to federal income
tax  withholding for certain  shareholders,  including those who fail to furnish
the Fund with their taxpayer  identification  numbers and  certifications  as to
their tax status.                                                               

Non-U.S. Shareholders. Capital Gain Dividends will not be subject to withholding
of federal income tax. In general, dividends (other than Capital Gain Dividends)
paid by the Fund to a shareholder that is not a "U.S. person" within the meaning
of the Code (such shareholder, a "foreign person") are subject to withholding of
U.S. federal income tax at a rate of 30% (or lower applicable  treaty rate) even
if they are funded by income or gains (such as  portfolio  interest,  short-term
capital gains, or foreign-source  dividend and interest income) that, if paid to
a  foreign  person  directly,  would not be  subject  to  withholding.  However,
effective for taxable years of the Fund  beginning  before  January 1, 2008, the
Fund  will  not be  required  to  withhold  any  amounts  (i)  with  respect  to
distributions  (other than  distributions  to a foreign  person (w) that has not
provided  a  satisfactory  statement  that  the  beneficial  owner is           

51

P-->497582nd Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 582nd
not a U.S.  person,  (x) to the extent  that the  dividend  is  attributable  to
certain  interest on an obligation  if the foreign  person is the issuer or is a
10% shareholder of the issuer, (y) that is within certain foreign countries that
have  inadequate  information  exchange  with the United  States,  or (z) to the
extent the  dividend  is  attributable  to  interest  paid by a person that is a
related  person of the  foreign  person and the foreign  person is a  controlled
foreign  corporation) from U.S.-source  interest income that, in general,  would
not be subject to U.S.  federal  income tax if earned  directly by an individual
foreign person, to the extent such distributions are properly  designated by the
Fund, and (ii) with respect to  distributions  (other than  distributions  to an
individual  foreign  person who is present in the United  States for a period or
periods aggregating 183 days or more during the year of the distribution) of net
short-term  capital  gains in excess of net  long-term  capital  losses,  to the
extent such distributions are properly designated by the Fund.  Depending on the
circumstances,  the Fund may make such designations with respect to all, some or
none of its potentially eligible dividends and/or treat such dividends, in whole
or in part, as  ineligible  for this  exemption  from  withholding.  In order to
qualify  for this  exemption  from  withholding,  a foreign  person will need to
comply with applicable certification  requirements relating to its non-US status
(including,  in general,  furnishing an IRS Form W-8BEN or substitute  Form). In
the case of shares held through an  intermediary,  the intermediary may withhold
even if the Fund makes a designation with respect to a payment.  Foreign persons
should  contact their  intermediaries  with respect to the  application of these
rules to their accounts.                                                        

If a  beneficial  holder who is a foreign  person has a trade or business in the
United States,  and the dividends are effectively  connected with the conduct by
the beneficial holder of a trade or business in the United States,  the dividend
will be subject to U.S. federal net income taxation at regular income tax rates.

Tax Shelter Reporting Regulations.  Under Treasury regulations, if a shareholder
recognizes a loss with respect to the Fund's shares of $2 million or more for an
individual shareholder or $10 million or more for a corporate  shareholder,  the
shareholder must file with the Internal  Revenue Service a disclosure  statement
on Form 8886.  Direct  shareholders  of portfolio  securities  are in many cases
excepted  from  this  reporting   requirement,   but  under  current   guidance,
shareholders of a regulated investment company are not excepted. Future guidance
may extend the current exception from this reporting requirement to shareholders
of  most  or all  regulated  investment  companies.  The  fact  that  a loss  is
reportable under these  regulations  does not affect the legal  determination of
whether the  taxpayer's  treatment  of the loss is proper.  Shareholders  should
consult their tax advisors to determine the  applicability of these  regulations
in light of their individual circumstances.                                     

Other Tax  Considerations.  Shareholders of the Fund may be subject to state and
local taxes on  distributions  received from the Fund and on  redemptions of the
Fund's shares.                                                                  

Investors  are advised to consult  their own tax advisors  with respect to their
own circumstances  regarding the above-referenced  federal income taxation rules
and with respect to other federal,  state,  local or foreign tax consequences to
them of an investment in shares of a Fund.                                      

 NET ASSET VALUE

The net asset value of shares of the Fund is computed as of the close of regular
trading on the New York Stock Exchange (the "Exchange") on each day the Exchange
is open for trading (the "Value  Time").  The Exchange is scheduled to be closed
on the following  holidays:  New Year's Day, Dr.  Martin  Luther King,  Jr. Day,
Presidents'  Day,  Good  Friday,  Memorial  Day,  Independence  Day,  Labor Day,
Thanksgiving  and Christmas,  and on the preceding  Friday or subsequent  Monday
when one of these  holidays  falls on a Saturday  or Sunday,  respectively.  Net
asset  value  per share is  determined  separately  for each  class of shares by
dividing the value of the total assets of the Fund attributable to the shares of
that class, less all liabilities attributable to that class, by the total number
of  shares  of that  class  outstanding.  The net  asset  value may be lower for
certain classes of the Fund because of higher expenses borne by these classes.  

An equity  security is valued at its most  recent  sale price on the  security's
primary  exchange  or OTC market as of the Value Time.  Lacking  any sales,  the
security is valued at the calculated  mean between the most recent bid quotation
and the most recent asked quotation (the "Calculated  Mean") on such exchange or
OTC  market  as of the  Value  Time.  If it is not  possible  to  determine  the
Calculated Mean, the security is valued at the most recent bid quotation on such
exchange  or OTC market as of the Value  Time.  In the case of  certain  foreign
exchanges  or OTC  markets,                                                     

52

P-->497583rd Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 583rd
the closing price reported by the exchange or OTC market (which may sometimes be
referred to as the  "official  close" or the "official  closing  price" or other
similar term) will be considered the most recent sale price.                    

Debt securities are valued as follows.  Money market instruments  purchased with
an  original or  remaining  maturity  of 60 days or less,  maturing at par,  are
valued at amortized  cost.  Other money market  instruments  are valued based on
information obtained from an independent pricing service or, if such information
is not readily  available,  by using matrix pricing  techniques  (formula driven
calculations based primarily on current market yields). Bank loans are valued at
prices supplied by an independent pricing service (which are intended to reflect
the mean between the bid and asked prices),  if available,  and otherwise at the
mean of the most  recent  bid and  asked  quotations  or  evaluated  prices,  as
applicable,  based on quotations or evaluated  prices  obtained from one or more
broker-dealers.  Privately  placed  debt  securities,  other than Rule 144A debt
securities,  initially are valued at cost and  thereafter  based on all relevant
factors  including  type  of  security,  size of  holding  and  restrictions  on
disposition.  Municipal  debt  securities  are valued at prices  supplied  by an
approved  pricing  agent (which are intended to reflect the mean between the bid
and asked  prices),  if available,  and otherwise at the mean of the most recent
bid and asked quotations or evaluated price obtained from a broker-dealer. Other
debt securities are valued at prices supplied by an independent pricing service,
if available, and otherwise at the most recent bid quotation or evaluated price,
as applicable,  obtained from one or more broker-dealers.  If it is not possible
to value a particular debt security pursuant to the above methods,  the security
is valued on the basis of  factors  including  (but not  limited  to)  maturity,
coupon, creditworthiness,  currency denomination, and the movement of the market
in which the security is normally traded.                                       

An exchange-traded option contract on securities, currencies and other financial
instruments  is valued at its most recent sale price on the  relevant  exchange.
Lacking any sales,  the option contract is valued at the Calculated  Mean. If it
is not possible to determine the Calculated  Mean, the option contract is valued
at the most recent bid quotation in the case of a purchased  option  contract or
the most recent asked  quotation in the case of a written  option  contract,  in
each case as of the Value Time. An option contract on securities, currencies and
other financial instruments traded in the OTC market is valued on the Value Date
at the evaluated price provided by the  broker-dealer  with which it was traded.
Futures contracts (and options thereon) are valued at the most recent settlement
price,  if available on the exchange on which they are traded most  extensively.
With the exception of stock index futures  contracts  which trade on the Chicago
Mercantile Exchange,  closing settlement times are prior to the close of trading
on the New York Stock Exchange. For stock index futures contracts which trade on
the  Chicago  Mercantile  Exchange,   closing  settlement  prices  are  normally
available  at  approximately  4:20  Eastern  time.  If no  settlement  price  is
available, the last traded price on such exchange will be used.                 

If market quotations for portfolio assets are not readily available or the value
of a portfolio asset as determined in accordance with Board approved  procedures
does not represent the fair market value of the  portfolio  asset,  the value of
the portfolio asset is taken to be an amount which, in the opinion of the Fund's
Pricing  Committee  (or,  in  some  cases,  the  Board's  Valuation  Committee),
represents fair market value. The value of other portfolio holdings owned by the
Fund is  determined  in a manner  which is intended  to fairly  reflect the fair
market value of the asset on the valuation date,  based on valuation  procedures
adopted  by the  Fund's  Board and  overseen  primarily  by the  Fund's  Pricing
Committee.                                                                      

DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS

The following table presents certain information  regarding the Board Members of
the  Corporation.  Each Board Member's year of birth is set forth in parentheses
after his or her name. Unless otherwise noted, (i) each Board Member has engaged
in the principal  occupation(s)  noted in the table for at least the most recent
five years, although not necessarily in the same capacity,  and (ii) the address
of each Board Member that is not an "interested  person" (as defined in the 1940
Act) of the Corporation or the Advisor (each, an "Independent Board Member"), is
c/o Dawn-Marie Driscoll, PO Box 100176, Cape Coral, FL 33904. The term of office
for each Board Member is until the election and qualification of a successor, or
until  such Board  Member  sooner  dies,  resigns,  is  removed or as  otherwise
provided in the governing  documents of the  Corporation.  Because the Fund does
not hold an annual meeting of  shareholders,  each Board Member will hold office
for an  indeterminate  period.  The  Board  Members  may also  serve in  similar
capacities with other funds in the DWS fund complex.                            

53

P-->497584th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 584th
Independent Board Members                                                       

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Name, Year of Birth,                                                                                               
 Position with the                                                                               Number of Funds    
 Corporation and Length    Business Experience and                                               in DWS Fund        
 of Time Served            Directorships During the Past 5 Years                                 Complex Overseen   
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                                                    
Dawn-Marie Driscoll (1946) President, Driscoll Associates (consulting firm); Executive Fellow,           76         
Chairperson since 2004     Center for Business Ethics, Bentley College; formerly, Partner,                          
Board Member since         Palmer & Dodge (1988-1990); Vice President of Corporate Affairs and                      
1987                       General Counsel, Filene's (1978-1988). Directorships: Trustee of 8                       
                           open-end mutual funds managed by Sun Capital Advisers, Inc. (since                       
                           2007); Director of ICI Mutual Insurance Company (since 2007);                            
                           Advisory Board, Center for Business Ethics, Bentley College;                             
                           Trustee, Southwest Florida Community Foundation (charitable                              
                           organization); Former Directorships: Investment Company Institute                        
                           (audit, executive, nominating committees) and Independent Directors                      
                           Council (governance, executive committees)                                               
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Henry P. Becton, Jr.      Vice Chair, WGBH Educational Foundation. Directorships: Association           76         
 (1943)                    of Public Television Stations; Becton Dickinson and Company(1)                           
 Board Member since        (medical technology company); Belo Corporation(1) (media company);                       
 1990                      Boston Museum of Science; Public Radio International. Former                             
                           Directorships: American Public Television; Concord Academy; New                          
                           England Aquarium; Mass. Corporation for Educational                                      
                           Telecommunications; Committee for Economic Development; Public                           
                           Broadcasting Service                                                                     
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Keith R. Fox (1954)        Managing General Partner, Exeter Capital Partners (a series of                76         
Board Member since         private equity funds). Directorships: Progressive Holding                                
1996                       Corporation (kitchen goods importer and distributor); Natural                            
                           History, Inc. (magazine publisher); Box Top Media Inc.                                   
                           (advertising); The Kennel Shop (retailer)                                                
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Kenneth C. Froewiss        Clinical Professor of Finance, NYU Stern School of Business                   76         
(1945)                     (1997-present); Member, Finance Committee, Association for Asian                         
Board Member since         Studies (2002-present); Director, Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Group                        
2005                       (US) (2004-present); prior thereto, Managing Director, J.P. Morgan                       
                           (investment banking firm) (until 1996)                                                   
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Martin J. Gruber           Nomura Professor of Finance, Leonard N. Stern School of Business,             76         
(1937)                     New York University (since September 1965); Director, Japan Equity                       
Board Member since         Fund, Inc. (since January 1992), Thai Capital Fund, Inc. (since                          
2006                       January 2000), Singapore Fund, Inc. (since January 2000), National                       
                           Bureau of Economic Research (since January 2006). Formerly, Trustee,                     
                           TIAA (pension funds) (January 1996-January 2000); Trustee, CREF and                      
                           CREF Mutual Funds (January 2000-March 2005); Chairman, CREF and CREF                     
                           Mutual Funds (February 2004-March 2005); and Director, S.G. Cowen                        
                           Mutual Funds (January 1985-January 2001)                                                 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Richard J. Herring         Jacob Safra Professor of International Banking and Professor,                 76         
(1946)                     Finance Department, The Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania                       
Board Member since         (since July 1972); Co-Director, Wharton Financial Institutions                           
2006                       Center (since July 2000); Director, Japan Equity Fund, Inc. (since                       
                           September 2007), Thai Capital Fund, Inc. (since September 2007),                         
                           Singapore Fund, Inc. (since September 2007). Formerly, Vice Dean and                     
                           Director, Wharton Undergraduate Division (July 1995-June 2000);                          
                           Director, Lauder Institute of International Management Studies (July                     
                           2000-June 2006)                                                                          
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                       54                                                                           

P-->497585th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 585th
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Name, Year of Birth,                                                                                               
 Position with the                                                                               Number of Funds    
 Corporation and Length    Business Experience and                                               in DWS Fund        
 of Time Served            Directorships During the Past 5 Years                                 Complex Overseen   
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Graham E. Jones            Senior Vice President, BGK Realty, Inc. (commercial real estate)              76         
(1933)                     (since 1995). Formerly, Trustee of various investment companies                          
Board Member since         managed by Sun Capital Advisors, Inc. (1998-2005), Morgan Stanley                        
2006                       Asset Management (1985-2001) and Weiss, Peck and Greer (1985-2005)                       
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Rebecca W. Rimel           President and Chief Executive Officer, The Pew Charitable Trusts              76         
(1951)                     (charitable organization) (1994 to present); Trustee, Thomas                             
Board Member since         Jefferson Foundation (charitable organization) (1994 to present);                        
2006                       Trustee, Executive Committee, Philadelphia Chamber of Commerce (2001                     
                           to present). Formerly, Executive Vice President, The Glenmede Trust                      
                           Company (investment trust and wealth management) (1983 to 2004);                         
                           Board Member, Investor Education (charitable organization)                               
                           (2004-2005); Director, Viasys Health Care(1) (January 2007-June 2007)                    
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Philip Saunders, Jr.       Principal, Philip Saunders Associates (economic and financial                 74         
(1935)                     consulting) (since November 1988).  Formerly, Director, Financial                        
Board Member since         Industry Consulting, Wolf & Company (consulting) (1987-1988);                            
2006                       President, John Hancock Home Mortgage Corporation (1984-1986);                           
                           Senior Vice President of Treasury and Financial Services, John                           
                           Hancock Mutual Life Insurance Company, Inc. (1982-1986)                                  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
William N. Searcy, Jr.     Private investor since October 2003; Trustee of 8 open-end mutual             76         
(1946)                     funds managed by Sun Capital Advisers, Inc. (since October 1998).                        
Board Member since         Formerly, Pension & Savings Trust Officer, Sprint Corporation((1))                       
2006                       (telecommunications) (November 1989-September 2003)                                      
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Jean Gleason Stromberg     Retired. Formerly, Consultant (1997-2001); Director, US Government            76         
(1943)                     Accountability Office (1996-1997); Partner, Fulbright & Jaworski,                        
Board Member since         L.L.P. (law firm) (1978-1996). Directorships: The William and Flora                      
1997                       Hewlett Foundation; Service Source, Inc. Former Directorships:                           
                           Mutual Fund Directors Forum (2002-2004), American Bar Retirement                         
                           Association (funding vehicle for retirement plans) (1987-1990 and                        
                           1994-1996)                                                                               
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Carl W. Vogt               Retired Senior Partner, Fulbright & Jaworski, L.L.P. (law firm);              74         
(1936)                     formerly, President (interim) of Williams College (1999-2000);                           
Board Member since         formerly, President of certain funds in the Deutsche Asset                               
2002                       Management family of funds (formerly, Flag Investors family of                           
                           funds) (registered investment companies) (1999-2000). Directorships:                     
                           Yellow Corporation (trucking); American Science & Engineering (x-ray                     
                           detection equipment). Former Directorships: ISI Family of Funds                          
                           (registered investment companies, 4 funds overseen); National                            
                           Railroad Passenger Corporation (Amtrak) Waste Management, Inc.                           
                           (solid waste disposal); formerly, Chairman and Member, National                          
                           Transportation Safety Board                                                              
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                       55                                                                           

P-->497586th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 586th
Interested Board Member                                                                                             

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Name, Year of Birth,                                                                                               
 Position with the                                                                               Number of Funds    
 Corporation and Length    Business Experience and                                               in DWS Fund        
 of Time Served            Directorships During the Past 5 Years                                 Complex Overseen   
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Axel Schwarzer(2)         Managing Director(4), Deutsche Asset Management; Head of Deutsche             82         
 (1958)                    Asset Management Americas; CEO of DWS Scudder; formerly board member                     
 Board Member since        of DWS Investments, Germany (1999-2005); formerly, Head of Sales and                     
 2006                      Product Management for the Retail and Private Banking Division of                        
                           Deutsche Bank in Germany (1997-1999); formerly, various strategic                        
                           and operational positions for Deutsche Bank Germany Retail and                           
                           Private Banking Division in the field of investment funds, tax                           
                           driven instruments and asset management for corporates (1989-1996)                       
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Officers(3)                                                                                                         

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Name, Year of Birth,                                                                                               
 Position with the                                                                                                  
 Corporation and Length     Business Experience and                                                                 
 of Time Served             Directorships During the Past 5 Years                                                   
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Michael G. Clark(5)        Managing Director(4), Deutsche Asset Management (2006-present); President of DWS        
 (1965)                     family of funds; Director, ICI Mutual Insurance Company (since October 2007);           
 President, 2006-present    formerly, Director of Fund Board Relations (2004-2006) and Director of Product          
                            Development (2000-2004), Merrill Lynch Investment Managers; Senior Vice President       
                            Operations, Merrill Lynch Asset Management (1999-2000)                                  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 John Millette(6) (1962)    Director(4), Deutsche Asset Management                                                  
 Vice President and                                                                                                 
 Secretary, 1999-present                                                                                            
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Paul H. Schubert(5)        Managing Director(4), Deutsche Asset Management (since July 2004); formerly,            
 (1963)                     Executive Director, Head of Mutual Fund Services and Treasurer for UBS Family of        
 Chief Financial Officer,   Funds (1998-2004); Vice President and Director of Mutual Fund Finance at UBS Global     
 2004-present               Asset Management (1994-1998)                                                            
 Treasurer, 2005-present                                                                                            
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Patricia DeFilippis(5)     Vice President, Deutsche Asset Management (since June 2005); Counsel, New York Life     
 (1963)                     Investment Management LLC (2003-2005); legal associate, Lord, Abbett & Co. LLC          
 Assistant Secretary,       (1998-2003)                                                                             
 2005-present                                                                                                       
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Elisa D. Metzger(5)        Director(4), Deutsche Asset Management (since September 2005); Counsel, Morrison and    
 (1962)                     Foerster LLP (1999-2005)                                                                
 Assistant Secretary,                                                                                               
 2005-present                                                                                                       
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Caroline Pearson(6)        Managing Director(4), Deutsche Asset Management                                         
 (1962)                                                                                                             
 Assistant Secretary,                                                                                               
 1997-present                                                                                                       
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Paul Antosca(6)            Director(4), Deutsche Asset Management (since 2006); Vice President, The                
 (1957)                     Manufacturers Life Insurance Company (U.S.A.) (1990-2006)                               
 Assistant Treasurer,                                                                                               
 2007-present                                                                                                       
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                       56                                                                           

P-->497587th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 587th
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Name, Year of Birth,                                                                                               
 Position with the                                                                                                  
 Corporation and Length     Business Experience and                                                                 
 of Time Served             Directorships During the Past 5 Years                                                   
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Kathleen Sullivan          Director(4), Deutsche Asset Management                                                  
 D'Eramo(6)                                                                                                         
 (1957)                                                                                                             
 Assistant Treasurer,                                                                                               
 2003-present                                                                                                       
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Jason Vazquez(5) (1972)    Vice President, Deutsche Asset Management (since 2006); formerly, AML Operations        
 Anti-Money Laundering      Manager for Bear Stearns (2004-2006), Supervising Compliance Principal and Operations   
 Compliance Officer,        Manager for AXA Financial (1999-2004)                                                   
 2007-present                                                                                                       
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Robert Kloby(5) (1962)     Managing Director(4), Deutsche Asset Management (2004-present); formerly, Chief         
 Chief Compliance           Compliance Officer/Chief Risk Officer, Robeco USA (2000-2004); Vice President, The      
 Officer, 2006-present      Prudential Insurance Company of America (1988-2000); E.F. Hutton and Company            
                            (1984-1988)                                                                             
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 J. Christopher Jackson(5)  Director(4), Deutsche Asset Management (2006-present); formerly, Director, Senior       
 (1951)                     Vice President, General Counsel, and Assistant Secretary, Hansberger Global             
 Chief Legal Officer,       Investors, Inc. (1996-2006); Director, National Society of Compliance Professionals     
 2006-present               (2002-2005)(2006-2009)                                                                  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

(1)      A publicly held company with securities  registered pursuant to Section
12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.                    

(2)      The  mailing  address  of Axel  Schwarzer  is c/o  Deutsche  Investment
         Management  Americas Inc.,  345 Park Avenue,  New York, New York 10154.
         Mr.  Schwarzer is an interested Board Member by virtue of his positions
         with Deutsche Asset Management.  As an interested person, Mr. Schwarzer
receives no compensation from the Funds.                      

(3)      As a result of their respective positions held with the Advisor,  these
         individuals are considered  "interested  persons" of the Advisor within
         the meaning of the 1940 Act. Interested persons receive no compensation
from the Funds.                                               

(4)      Executive title, not a board directorship.                             

(5)      Address:  345 Park Avenue, New York, New York 10154.                   

(6)      Address: Two International Place, Boston, Massachusetts 02110.         

Each Officer also holds  similar  positions for other  investment  companies for
which DIMA or an affiliate serves as the advisor.                               

Officer's Role with Principal Underwriter:  DWS Scudder Distributors, Inc.      

Paul H. Schubert:                         Vice President                      
Caroline Pearson:                         Secretary                           

Information Concerning Committees and Meetings of Board Members                 

The Board of the  Corporation  met ten (10) times during the calendar year ended
December 31, 2006 and each Board Member attended at least 80% of the meetings of
the Board and meetings of the committees of the Board on which such Board Member
served.                                                                         

57

P-->497588th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 588th
Board  Committees.  Ms.  Driscoll  has served as Chair of the Board of the Funds
since June 2004.                                                                

The Board has established the following  standing  committees:  Audit Committee,
Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee, Valuation Committee, Equity Oversight
Committee, Fixed Income Oversight Committee,  Marketing/Distribution/Shareholder
Service Committee,  Legal/Regulatory/Compliance Committee and Expense/Operations
Committee.                                                                      

The Audit  Committee  assists the Board in  fulfilling  its  responsibility  for
oversight of the quality and integrity of the accounting, auditing and financial
reporting  practices  of the  applicable  Fund.  It also  makes  recommendations
regarding the selection of an independent  registered public accounting firm for
a Fund,  reviews the  independence of such firm,  reviews the scope of audit and
internal  controls,  considers and reports to the Board on matters relating to a
Fund's  accounting and financial  reporting  practices,  and performs such other
tasks as the full Board deems  necessary  or  appropriate.  The Audit  Committee
receives  annual   representations   from  the  independent   registered  public
accounting firm as to its  independence.  The members of the Audit Committee are
Keith R. Fox (Chair and Audit Committee Financial Expert),  Kenneth C. Froewiss,
Richard J. Herring,  Graham E. Jones,  Philip Saunders,  Jr., William N. Searcy,
Jr. and Jean  Gleason  Stromberg.  The Audit  Committee  held eight (8) meetings
during the calendar year 2006.                                                  

The  Nominating/Corporate  Governance  Committee  (i)  recommends  to the  Board
candidates  to serve as Board  Members and (ii)  oversees  and, as  appropriate,
makes  recommendations  to the Board  regarding  other  fund  governance-related
matters,  including but not limited to Board compensation practices,  retirement
policies,  self-evaluations  of effectiveness,  review of possible  conflicts of
interest  and  independence  issues  involving  Board  Members,  allocations  of
assignments  and  functions  of  committees  of the Board,  and share  ownership
policies. The members of the Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee are Henry
P.  Becton,  Jr.  (Chair),  Graham E. Jones,  Rebecca W. Rimel and Jean  Gleason
Stromberg.  The  Nominating/Corporate  Governance Committee (previously known as
the  Committee on  Independent  Directors)  held three (3)  meetings  during the
calendar year 2006.                                                             

The Valuation  Committee  oversees Fund  valuation  matters,  reviews  valuation
procedures  adopted  by the  Board,  determines  the fair  value  of the  Fund's
securities as needed in accordance  with the valuation  procedures  and performs
such other tasks as the full Board deems necessary or  appropriate.  The members
of the Valuation  Committee  are Keith R. Fox,  Kenneth C.  Froewiss,  Martin J.
Gruber,  Richard J. Herring and Philip  Saunders,  Jr.  (Chair).  The  Valuation
Committee held six (6) meetings during the calendar year 2006.                  

The Board has established two Investment Oversight  Committees,  one focusing on
Funds  primarily   investing  in  equity   securities  (the  "Equity   Oversight
Committee")  and one  focusing  on Funds  primarily  investing  in fixed  income
securities  (the "Fixed Income  Oversight  Committee").  These  Committees  meet
regularly with Fund portfolio managers and other investment  personnel to review
the relevant  Funds'  investment  strategies  and  investment  performance.  The
members of the Equity  Oversight  Committee are Henry P. Becton,  Jr., Martin J.
Gruber (Chair),  Richard J. Herring,  Rebecca W. Rimel, Philip Saunders, Jr. and
Carl W. Vogt. The members of the Fixed Income Oversight Committee are Dawn-Marie
Driscoll, Keith R. Fox, Kenneth C. Froewiss, Graham E. Jones, William N. Searcy,
Jr. (Chair) and Jean Gleason Stromberg. Each Investment Oversight Committee held
six (6) meetings during the calendar year 2006.                                 

The  Marketing/Distribution/Shareholder   Service  Committee  oversees  (i)  the
quality, costs and types of shareholder services provided to the Funds and their
shareholders,  and (ii) the distribution-related  services provided to the Funds
and their  shareholders.  The members of the  Marketing/Distribution/Shareholder
Service Committee are Martin J. Gruber,  Richard J. Herring (Chair),  Rebecca W.
Rimel,     Jean     Gleason     Stromberg     and    Carl    W.    Vogt.     The
Marketing/Distribution/Shareholder  Service  Committee  held  six  (6)  meetings
during the calendar year 2006.                                                  

The  Legal/Regulatory/Compliance  Committee  oversees (i) the significant  legal
affairs of the Funds, including the handling of pending or threatened litigation
or  regulatory  action  involving  the Funds,  (ii) general  compliance  matters
relating   to  the  Funds  and  (iii)   proxy   voting.   The   members  of  the
Legal/Regulatory/Compliance  Committee  are  Henry P.  Becton,  Jr.,  Dawn-Marie
Driscoll,  Rebecca W. Rimel,  William N. Searcy, Jr., Jean Gleason Stromberg and
Carl W. Vogt (Chair).  The  Legal/Regulatory/Compliance  Committee  held six (6)
meetings during the calendar year 2006.                                         

The Expense/Operations Committee (i) monitors the Fund's total operating expense
levels,  (ii)  oversees the  provision of  administrative  services to the Fund,
including the Fund's custody,  fund accounting and insurance  arrangements,  and
(iii) reviews the Fund's investment advisers' brokerage practices, including the
implementation  of  related  policies.  The  members  of the  Expense/Operations
Committee are Henry P. Becton, Jr., Dawn-Marie  Driscoll,  Keith R. Fox, Kenneth
C.  Froewiss,  Graham E. Jones  (Chair),  Philip  Saunders,  Jr. and  William N.
Searcy,  Jr. This  committee  held seven (7) meetings  during the calendar  year
2006.                                                                           

58

P-->497589th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 589th
Ad Hoc Committees.  In addition to the standing committees described above, from
time to time the Board also forms ad hoc committees to consider specific issues.
In 2006,  various ad hoc  committees of the Board held an  additional  seven (7)
meetings.                                                                       

Remuneration.  Each Independent Board Member receives compensation from the Fund
for his or her services, which includes an annual retainer and an attendance fee
for each meeting attended. No additional compensation is paid to any Independent
Board Member for travel time to meetings,  attendance at directors'  educational
seminars  or  conferences,   service  on  industry  or  association  committees,
participation  as speakers at directors'  conferences or service on special fund
industry director task forces or subcommittees. Independent Board Members do not
receive any employee  benefits such as pension or retirement  benefits or health
insurance from the Fund or any fund in the DWS fund complex.                    

Members of the Board who are officers,  directors,  employees or stockholders of
Deutsche Asset Management or its affiliates receive no direct  compensation from
a Fund, although they are compensated as employees of Deutsche Asset Management,
or its affiliates,  and as a result may be deemed to participate in fees paid by
the Funds.  The following tables show  compensation  from the Fund and aggregate
compensation  from all of the  funds in the DWS fund  complex  received  by each
Board Member during the calendar year 2006. Mr. Schwarzer became a member of the
Board on May 5,  2006,  is an  interested  person of the Funds and  received  no
compensation  from the  Funds or any fund in the DWS  fund  complex  during  the
relevant periods.                                                               

                                                                [Download Table]

                                                      Total Compensation 
                              Aggregate Compensation    from Fund and    
Name of Board Member                from Fund*        DWS Fund Complex(1)
--------------------                ----------        -------------------
                                                                         
Henry P. Becton, Jr.(3)                 $4                 $189,000      
Dawn-Marie Driscoll(2)(3)(4)            $5                 $251,000      
Keith R. Fox(3)(4)                      $4                 $195,000      
Kenneth C. Froewiss(3)(4)               $4                 $234,988      
Martin J. Gruber(3)                     $4                 $188,000      
Richard J. Herring(3)(4)                $3                 $184,000      
Graham E. Jones(3)(4)                   $4                 $206,000      
Rebecca W. Rimel(3)                     $4                 $185,000      
Philip Saunders, Jr.(3)(4)              $4                 $207,000      
William N. Searcy, Jr.(3)(4)            $4                 $206,000      
Jean Gleason Stromberg(3)(4)            $4                 $202,000      
Carl W. Vogt(3)                         $4                 $189,000      

*        The Fund commenced operations on July 5, 2006.                         

(1)      The DWS Fund Complex is composed of 155 funds as of December 31, 2006. 

(2)      Includes  $50,000 in annual  retainer  fees in Ms.  Driscoll's  role as
Chairperson of the Board.                                     

(3)      For each Board Member,  except Mr. Becton,  Mr.  Froewiss and Mr. Vogt,
         total  compensation  for calendar year 2006 includes  compensation  for
         service  on  the  boards  of  34  trusts/corporations  comprised  of 87
         funds/portfolios.  For Messrs.  Becton and Vogt total  compensation for
         calendar year 2006 includes  compensation  for service on the boards of
         32  trusts/corporations  comprised  of  85  funds/portfolios.  For  Mr.

59

P-->497590th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 590th
         Froewiss   total   compensation   for  calendar   year  2006   includes
         compensation  for  services  on the  boards  of 37  trusts/corporations
comprised of 90 funds/portfolios.                             

(4)      Aggregate  compensation  includes amounts paid to the Board Members for
         special  meetings of ad hoc committees of the board in connection  with
         the  possible  consolidation  of the various DWS Fund boards and funds,
         meetings for considering fund expense simplification  initiatives,  and
         consideration  of issues  specific  to the Funds'  direct  shareholders
         (i.e., those shareholders who did not purchase shares through financial
         intermediaries).  Such amounts totaled $16,000 for Ms. Driscoll, $1,000
         for Mr. Fox, $17,000 for Mr. Froewiss,  $1,000 for Dr. Herring, $16,000
         for Mr.  Jones,  $17,000 for Dr.  Saunders,  $16,000 for Mr. Searcy and
         $16,000  for Ms.  Stromberg.  These  meeting  fees  were  borne  by the
applicable DWS Funds.                                         

Board Member Ownership in the Fund(1)                                           

The  following  table shows the dollar range of equity  securities  beneficially
owned by each Board  Member in the Fund and DWS Fund  Complex as of December 31,
2006.                                                                           

                                                        [Enlarge/Download Table]

                                               Dollar Range of                Aggregate Dollar Range of            
                                           Beneficial Ownership in        Ownership in all Funds Overseen by       
                                             DWS International                    Value Board Member               
Board Member                                  Opportunities Fund              in the DWS Fund Complex(2)           
------------                                  ------------------              --------------------------           

Independent Board Member:                                                                                          
-------------------------                                                                                          
                                                                                                                   
Henry P. Becton, Jr.                                 None                         Over $100,000                    
Dawn-Marie Driscoll                                  None                         Over $100,000                    
Keith R. Fox                                         None                         Over $100,000                    
Kenneth C. Froewiss                               $1-$10,000                      Over $100,000                    
Martin J. Gruber                                     None                         Over $100,000                    
Richard J. Herring                                   None                         Over $100,000                    
Graham E. Jones                                      None                         Over $100,000                    
Rebecca W. Rimel                                     None                         Over $100,000                    
Philip Saunders, Jr.                                 None                         Over $100,000                    
William N. Searcy, Jr.                               None                         Over $100,000                    
Jean Gleason Stromberg                               None                         Over $100,000                    
Carl W. Vogt                                         None                         Over $100,000                    

Interested Board Member:                                                                                           
------------------------                                                                                           

Axel Schwarzer                                       None                           Over $100,000                  

(1)      The amount shown  includes  share  equivalents of funds which the Board                                   
         Member  is  deemed  to be  invested  pursuant  to the  Fund's  deferred                                   
         compensation   plan.  The  inclusion   therein  of  any  shares  deemed                                   
         beneficially  owned does not  constitute  an  admission  of  beneficial                                   
         ownership of the shares.                                                                                  

(2)      Securities  beneficially  owned as defined  under the 1934 Act  include                                   
         direct and/or indirect ownership of securities where the Board Member's                                   
         economic interest is tied to the securities,  employment  ownership and                                   
         securities  when the Board  Member can exert  voting power and when the                                   
         Board Member has  authority to sell the  securities.  The dollar ranges                                   
         are:  None,   $1-$10,000,   $10,001-$50,000,   $50,001-$100,000,   over                                   
         $100,000.                                                                                                 

Ownership in Securities of the Advisor and Related Companies                                                       

As  reported  to the Fund,  the  information  in the  following  table  reflects                                   
ownership by the Independent Board Members and their immediate family members of                                   
certain  securities as of December 31, 2006. An immediate family                                                   

                                       60                                                                          

P-->497591st Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 591st
member can be a spouse,  children residing in the same household  including step                                   
and adoptive children and any dependents.  The securities represent ownership in                                   
the Advisor or principal  underwriter  of the Fund and any persons (other than a                                   
registered  investment company) directly or indirectly  controlling,  controlled                                   
by, or under common  control with the Advisor or  principal  underwriter  of the                                   
Fund (including Deutsche Bank AG).                                                                                 

                                                                                   Value of        Percent of      
                                   Owner and                                     Securities on     Class on an     
Independent                     Relationship to                     Title of     an Aggregate       Aggregate      
Board Member                      Board Member         Company        Class          Basis            Basis        
------------                      ------------         -------        -----          -----            -----        

Henry P. Becton, Jr.                                    None                                                       
Dawn-Marie Driscoll                                     None                                                       
Keith R. Fox                                            None                                                       
Kenneth C. Froewiss                                     None                                                       
Martin J. Gruber                                        None                                                       
Richard J. Herring                                      None                                                       
Graham E. Jones                                         None                                                       
Rebecca W. Rimel                                        None                                                       
Philip Saunders, Jr.                                    None                                                       
William N. Searcy, Jr.                                  None                                                       
Jean Gleason Stromberg                                  None                                                       
Carl W. Vogt                                            None                                                       

Securities Beneficially Owned                                                                                      

As of November 7, 2007, the Board Members and officers of the Corporation owned,                                   
as a group, less than 1% of the outstanding shares of the Fund.                                                    

To the best of the Fund's knowledge,  as of November 7, 2007, no person owned of                                   
record or beneficially 5% or more of any class of the Fund's outstanding shares,                                   
except as noted below.                                                                                             

Name and Address of Investor Ownership                          Shares                      % of Total Shares      
--------------------------------------                          ------                      -----------------      

DEUTSCHE INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT                                93,386.7650                  29.30 % of Class A      
AMERICAS INC                                                                                                       
NEW YORK NY  10017-1216                                                                                            

CHARLES SCHWAB & CO INC                                       65,019.0130                  20.40 % of Class A      
SPECIAL CUSTODY ACCOUNT FOR THE                                                                                    
EXCLUSIVE BENEFIT OF CUSTOMERS                                                                                     
SAN FRANCISCO CA  94104-4151                                                                                       

MLPF&S FOR THE SOLE BENEFIT OF ITS CUSTOMERS                  17,766.3730                   5.57 % of Class A      
JACKSONVILLE FL  32246                                                                                             

STATE STREET BANK & TRUST CO                                 255,253.2170            36.59 % of Institutional Class
CUST FBO                                                                                                           
DWS LIFECOMPASS 2015 FUND                                                                                          
QUINCY MA  02171-2105                                                                                              

STATE STREET BANK & TRUST CO                                 188,546.4570            27.02 % of Institutional Class
CUST FBO                                                                                                           
DWS LIFECOMPASS 2020 FUND                                                                                          
QUINCY MA  02171-2105                                                                                              

                                       61                                                                          

P-->497592nd Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 592nd
Name and Address of Investor Ownership                          Shares                      % of Total Shares      
--------------------------------------                          ------                      -----------------      

DEUTSCHE INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT AMERICAS INC                   93,794.4180            13.44 % of Institutional Class
NEW YORK NY  10017-1216                                                                                            

STATE STREET BANK & TRUST CO                                  79,326.2520            11.37 % of Institutional Class
CUST FBO                                                                                                           
DWS LIFECOMPASS RETIREMENT FUND                                                                                    
QUINCY MA  02171-2105                                                                                              

STATE STREET BANK & TRUST CO                                  77,060.3140            11.05 % of Institutional Class
CUST FBO                                                                                                           
DWS LIFECOMPASS 2030 FUND                                                                                          
QUINCY MA  02171-2105                                                                                              

DEUTSCHE INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT AMERICAS INC                   92,388.3240                  35.23 % of Class C      
NEW YORK NY  10017-1216                                                                                            

MLPF&S FOR THE SOLE BENEFIT OF ITS CUSTOMERS                  43,792.3590                  16.70 % of Class C      
JACKSONVILLE FL  32246                                                                                             

DEUTSCHE INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT AMERICAS INC                   93,731.3650                  30.84 % of Class S      
NEW YORK NY  10017-1216                                                                                            

MERRILL LYNCH PIERCE FENNER & SMITH FOR THE SOLE              79,227.8490                  26.07 % of Class S      
BENEFITS OF ITS CUSTOMERS                                                                                          
JACKSONVILLE FL  32246-6484                                                                                        

DWS TRUST COMPANY CUST                                        15,691.7130                   5.16 % of Class S      
WHITE SALMON WA  98672-1432                                                                                        

Agreement to Indemnify Independent Directors for Certain Expenses               

In connection with litigation or regulatory  action related to possible improper
market timing or other improper trading activity or possible improper  marketing
and sales  activity  in the Funds,  each Fund's  investment  advisor has agreed,
subject to  applicable  law and  regulation,  to indemnify and hold harmless the
applicable  Funds  against  any and all loss,  damage,  liability  and  expense,
arising  from  market  timing or  marketing  and sales  matters  alleged  in any
enforcement actions brought by governmental authorities involving or potentially
affecting the Funds or the investment  advisor  ("Enforcement  Actions") or that
are the basis for private  actions  brought by shareholders of the Funds against
the Funds,  their directors and officers,  the Funds' investment  advisor and/or
certain other parties ("Private Litigation"), or any proceedings or actions that
may  be  threatened  or  commenced  in  the  future  by  any  person  (including
governmental authorities), arising from or similar to the matters alleged in the
Enforcement Actions or Private Litigation.  In recognition of its undertaking to
indemnify  the  applicable  Funds  and in  light of the  rebuttable  presumption
generally  afforded to independent  directors/trustees  of investment  companies
that they have not engaged in disabling conduct,  each Fund's investment advisor
has also agreed,  subject to  applicable  law and  regulation,  to indemnify the
applicable  Funds'  Independent   Directors  against  certain   liabilities  the
Independent  Directors  may incur from the  matters  alleged in any  Enforcement
Actions or Private  Litigation or arising from or similar to the matters alleged
in the Enforcement Actions or Private Litigation,  and advance expenses that may
be  incurred by the  Independent  Director in  connection  with any  Enforcement
Actions  or  Private  Litigation.  The                                          

62

P-->497593rd Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 593rd
applicable   investment   advisor   is  not,   however,   required   to  provide
indemnification and advancement of expenses:  (1) with respect to any proceeding
or action with respect to which the applicable  Fund's Board determines that the
Independent  Director ultimately would not be entitled to indemnification or (2)
for any liability of the Independent Director to the Funds or their shareholders
to which the  Independent  Director  would  otherwise  be  subject  by reason of
willful  misfeasance,  bad faith,  gross negligence or reckless disregard of the
Independent  Director's  duties  as a  director  or  trustee  of  the  Funds  as
determined in a final  adjudication in such action or proceeding.  The estimated
amount of any  expenses  that may be advanced to the  Independent  Directors  or
indemnity  that may be  payable  under the  indemnity  agreements  is  currently
unknown.  These  agreements by each Fund's  investment  advisor will survive the
termination  of the  investment  management  agreements  between the  applicable
investment advisor and the Funds.                                               

 FUND ORGANIZATION

DWS International  Fund, Inc. (the  "Corporation") was organized as Scudder Fund
of Canada Ltd. in Canada in 1953 by the investment  management  firm of Scudder,
Stevens  & Clark,  Inc.  On March 16,  1964,  the name of this  Corporation  was
changed  to  Scudder  International  Investments  Ltd.  On July  31,  1975,  the
corporate  domicile  of this  Corporation  was  changed  to the US  through  the
transfer  of its net  assets to a newly  formed  Maryland  corporation,  Scudder
International  Fund, Inc., in exchange for shares of the Corporation  which then
were distributed to the  shareholders of the  Corporation.  On February 6, 2006,
the name of the Corporation was changed from Scudder International Fund, Inc. to
DWS International Fund, Inc.                                                    

The authorized capital stock of the Corporation consists of 2,447,923,888 shares
of a par value of $.01  each,  which  capital  stock has been  divided  into six
series:  DWS International  Fund, the original series;  DWS Latin America Equity
Fund,  organized in December 1992; DWS Europe Equity Fund,  organized in October
1994;  DWS  Emerging  Markets  Equity  Fund,  organized  in  May  1996  and  DWS
International  Value  Opportunities  Fund  organized  in July 2006.  Each series
consists of 320 million shares, except for DWS International Fund which consists
of  620,595,597  shares,  DWS Latin  America  Equity Fund which  consists of 340
million shares and DWS Europe Equity Fund which consists of 420 million  shares.
DWS  International  Value  Opportunities  Fund is divided  into four  classes of
shares: Class A, Class C, Class S and Institutional Class shares. Class A, C and
Institutional  shares of the Fund are offered  through a separate  statement  of
additional information.                                                         

The Corporation is a Maryland  corporation  organized under the laws of Maryland
and is governed by Amended and  Restated  Articles of  Incorporation,  as may be
further amended from time to time (the "Articles of Incorporation").  All shares
issued and outstanding are fully paid and non-assessable,  transferable, have no
pre-emptive  rights  (except as may be  determined by the Board of Directors) or
conversion rights (except as described below) and are redeemable as described in
the SAI and in the  Fund's  prospectus.  Each share has equal  rights  with each
other share of the same class of the Fund as to voting, dividends, exchanges and
liquidation.  Shareholders  are  entitled  to one vote for each  share  held and
fractional votes for fractional shares held.                                    

The Board of Directors may determine  that shares of a fund or a class of a fund
shall be automatically  converted into shares of another fund of the Corporation
or of another class of the same or another Fund based on the relative net assets
of such Fund or class at the time of conversion. The Board of Directors may also
provide that the holders of shares of a fund or a class of a fund shall have the
right to convert or exchange their shares into shares of one or more other funds
or classes on terms established by the Board of Directors.                      

Each share of the  Corporation  may be subject to such sales  loads or  charges,
expenses and fees, account size  requirements,  and other rights and provisions,
which may be the same or different  from any other share of the  Corporation  or
any  other  share of any fund or class of a fund  (including  shares of the same
Fund or class as the share),  as the Board of Directors of the  Corporation  may
establish or change from time to time and to the extent permitted under the 1940
Act.                                                                            

The Corporation is not required to hold an annual meeting of shareholders in any
year in which the  election of  Directors  is not required by the 1940 Act. If a
meeting of  shareholders  of the Corporation is required by the 1940 Act to take
action on the election of  Directors,  then an annual  meeting  shall be held to
elect  Directors  and take such other  action as may come  before  the  meeting.
Special meetings of the shareholders of the Corporation,  or of the shareholders
of one or more Funds or classes  thereof,  for any purpose or  purposes,  may be
called at any time by the                                                       

63

P-->497594th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 594th
Board of Directors or by the President,  and shall be called by the President or
Secretary at the request in writing of shareholders  entitled to cast a majority
of the votes entitled to be cast at the meeting.                                

Except as  provided in the 1940 Act,  the  presence in person or by proxy of the
holders  of  one-third  of the  shares  entitled  to  vote  at a  meeting  shall
constitute a quorum for the  transaction of business at meetings of shareholders
of the Corporation or of a fund or class.                                       

On any matter submitted to a vote of shareholders, all shares of the Corporation
entitled  to vote  shall be voted in the  aggregate  as a single  class  without
regard  to  series  or  classes  of  shares,  provided,  however,  that (a) when
applicable law requires that one or more series or classes vote separately, such
series or classes shall vote  separately  and,  subject to (b) below,  all other
series  or  classes  shall  vote in the  aggregate;  and (b) when  the  Board of
Directors determines that a matter does not affect the interests of a particular
series or class, such series or class shall not be entitled to any vote and only
the shares of the affected series or classes shall be entitled to vote.         

Notwithstanding any provision of Maryland corporate law requiring  authorization
of any action by a greater  proportion  than a majority  of the total  number of
shares  entitled  to vote  on a  matter,  such  action  shall  be  effective  if
authorized by the majority vote of the outstanding shares entitled to vote.     

Subject to the requirements of applicable law and any procedures  adopted by the
Board of Directors from time to time,  the holders of shares of the  Corporation
or any one or more  series or classes  thereof may take action or consent to any
action by delivering a consent, in writing or by electronic transmission, of the
holders entitled to cast not less than the minimum number of votes that would be
necessary to authorize or take the action at a formal meeting.                  

The Articles of  Incorporation  provide that the Board of Directors  may, in its
discretion,  establish  minimum  investment  amounts for  shareholder  accounts,
impose  fees on  accounts  that do not  exceed a minimum  investment  amount and
involuntarily  redeem  shares in any such  account in payment of such fees.  The
Board of Directors,  in its sole  discretion,  also may cause the Corporation to
redeem all of the  shares of the  Corporation  or one or more  series or classes
held by any  shareholder for any reason,  to the extent  permissible by the 1940
Act,  including (a) if the shareholder owns shares having an aggregate net asset
value  of  less  than a  specified  minimum  amount,  (b)  if the  shareholder's
ownership of shares would disqualify a series from being a regulated  investment
company, (c) upon a shareholder's  failure to provide sufficient  identification
to permit the  Corporation  to verify  the  shareholder's  identity,  (d) upon a
shareholder's  failure to pay for shares or meet or maintain the  qualifications
for  ownership  of a particular  series or class,  (e) if the Board of Directors
determines (or pursuant to policies  established by the Board of Directors it is
determined)  that share  ownership by a shareholder is not in the best interests
of the  remaining  shareholders,  (f)  when  the  Corporation  is  requested  or
compelled to do so by  governmental  authority or applicable  law, or (g) upon a
shareholder's  failure to comply with a request for information  with respect to
the direct or indirect  ownership  of shares of the  Corporation.  By  redeeming
shares the  Corporation  may terminate a fund or any class  without  shareholder
approval,  and the  Corporation may suspend the right of shareholders to require
the Corporation to redeem shares to the extent  permissible  under the 1940 Act.
Payment  for shares  redeemed  shall be made in cash or other  property,  or any
combination thereof; provided, however, that the composition of any such payment
(e.g.,  cash,  securities  and/or  other  assets)  to any  shareholder  shall be
determined by the Corporation in its sole discretion, and may be different among
shareholders  (including  differences  among  shareholders  in the same  fund or
class).                                                                         

Except  as  otherwise   permitted  by  the  Articles  of  Incorporation  of  the
Corporation, upon liquidation or termination of a fund or class, shareholders of
such  fund or  class  of a fund  shall  be  entitled  to  receive,  pro  rata in
proportion to the number of shares of such fund or class held by each of them, a
share of the net assets of such Fund or class,  and the holders of shares of any
other  particular fund or class shall not be entitled to any such  distribution,
provided,  however,  that the  composition  of any  such  payment  (e.g.,  cash,
securities  and/or other assets) to any  shareholder  shall be determined by the
Corporation  in its sole  discretion,  and may be different  among  shareholders
(including differences among shareholders in the same fund or class).           

The  Corporation's  Board  of  Directors  supervises  a fund's  activities.  The
Corporation  adopted  a plan  pursuant  to Rule  18f-3  under  the 1940 Act (the
"Plan") to permit the  Corporation  to establish a multiple  class  distribution
system for its funds.                                                           

64

P-->497595th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 595th
Under the  Plan,  each  class of shares  will  represent  interests  in the same
portfolio of investments of the series, and be identical in all respects to each
other class,  except as set forth below. The only differences  among the various
classes  of  shares  of  the  Series  will  relate   solely  to:  (a)  different
distribution fee payments or service fee payments associated with any Rule 12b-1
Plan  for a  particular  class  of  shares  and  any  other  costs  relating  to
implementing or amending such Rule 12b-1 Plan (including  obtaining  shareholder
approval of such Rule 12b-1 Plan or any amendment thereto),  which will be borne
solely by  shareholders  of such  class;  (b)  different  service  fee  payments
associated with a service plan for a specific class and any other costs relating
to implementing or amending such service plan; (c) different  account  minimums;
(d) the bearing by each class of its Class Expenses,  as defined below;  (e) the
voting  rights  related  to any Rule 12b-1 Plan  affecting  a specific  class of
shares; (f) separate exchange privileges;  (g) different conversion features and
(h) different class names and  designations.  Expenses  currently  designated as
"Class Expenses" by the Corporation's Board of Directors under the Plan include,
for example,  transfer agency fees  attributable to a specific class and certain
securities registration fees.                                                   

 PROXY VOTING GUIDELINES

The Fund has delegated proxy voting responsibilities to the Advisor,  subject to
the  Board's  general  oversight.  The Fund has  delegated  proxy  voting to the
Advisor with the  direction  that proxies  should be voted  consistent  with the
Fund's best  economic  interests.  The Advisor has adopted its own Proxy  Voting
Policies and Procedures ("Policies"), and Proxy Voting Guidelines ("Guidelines")
for this  purpose.  The  Policies  address,  among other  things,  conflicts  of
interest that may arise between the interests of the Fund,  and the interests of
the Advisor and its affiliates,  including the Fund's principal underwriter. The
Guidelines set forth the Advisor's general position on various  proposals,  such
as:                                                                             

o        Shareholder  Rights -- The Advisor  generally  votes against  proposals
that restrict shareholder rights.                             

o        Corporate  Governance -- The Advisor  generally votes for  confidential
         and cumulative voting and against supermajority voting requirements for
         charter and bylaw amendments. The Advisor generally votes for proposals
         to restrict a chief  executive  officer from serving on more than three
         outside  boards of  directors.  The  Advisor  generally  votes  against
         proposals  that  require a company  to  appoint  a  Chairman  who is an
independent director.                                         

o        Anti-Takeover Matters -- The Advisor generally votes for proposals that
         require shareholder ratification of poison pills or that request boards
         to redeem poison pills,  and votes against the adoption of poison pills
         if  they  are  submitted  for  shareholder  ratification.  The  Advisor
generally votes for fair price proposals.                     

o        Compensation  Matters -- The Advisor generally votes for executive cash
         compensation  proposals,  unless they are unreasonably  excessive.  The
         Advisor generally votes against stock option plans that do not meet the
Advisor's criteria.                                           

o        Routine Matters -- The Advisor  generally votes for the ratification of
         auditors,  procedural matters related to the annual meeting and changes
 in company name, and against bundled proposals and adjournment.

The general provisions described above do not apply to investment companies. The
Advisor generally votes proxies solicited by investment  companies in accordance
with the  recommendations  of an  independent  third  party,  except for proxies
solicited by or with respect to investment companies for which the Advisor or an
affiliate serves as the Advisor or principal underwriter ("affiliated investment
companies"). The Advisor votes affiliated investment company proxies in the same
proportion as the vote of the investment company's other shareholders (sometimes
called  "mirror" or "echo"  voting).  Master fund proxies  solicited from feeder
funds are voted in accordance  with  applicable  requirements  of the Investment
Company Act of 1940.                                                            

Although the  Guidelines  set forth the Advisor's  general  voting  positions on
various proposals,  the Advisor may,  consistent with the Funds' best interests,
determine under some circumstances to vote contrary to those positions.         

65

P-->497596th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 596th
The  Guidelines  on a  particular  issue  may or may  not  reflect  the  view of
individual members of the Board or of a majority of the Board. In addition,  the
Guidelines may reflect a voting position that differs from the actual  practices
of  the  public  companies  within  the  Deutsche  Bank  organization  or of the
investment  companies for which the Advisor or an affiliate serves as investment
advisor or sponsor.                                                             

The  Advisor  may  consider  the views of a portfolio  company's  management  in
deciding how to vote a proxy or in establishing general voting positions for the
Guidelines, but management's views are not determinative.                       

As mentioned above, the Policies  describe the way in which the Advisor resolves
conflicts  of  interest.  To  resolve  conflicts,   the  advisor,  under  normal
circumstances, votes proxies in accordance with its Guidelines.                 

If the Advisor departs from the Guidelines with respect to a particular proxy or
if the Guidelines do not specifically  address a certain proxy proposal, a proxy
voting committee  established by the advisor will vote the proxy.  Before voting
any such proxy,  however,  the Advisor's conflicts review committee will conduct
an investigation to determine whether any potential  conflicts of interest exist
in connection  with the  particular  proxy  proposal.  If the  conflicts  review
committee  determines that the Advisor has a material  conflict of interest,  or
certain  individuals  on the  proxy  voting  committee  should be  recused  from
participating  in a  particular  proxy  vote,  it will  inform the proxy  voting
committee.  If notified that the Advisor has a material conflict,  or fewer than
three voting members are eligible to  participate  in the proxy vote,  typically
the Advisor will engage an  independent  third party to vote the proxy or follow
the proxy voting recommendations of an independent third party.                 

Under certain circumstances,  the Advisor may not be able to vote proxies or the
Advisor  may find that the  expected  economic  costs from voting  outweigh  the
benefits  associated with voting. For example,  the Advisor may not vote proxies
on certain foreign securities due to local restrictions or customs.  The Advisor
generally  does  not vote  proxies  on  securities  subject  to  share  blocking
restrictions.                                                                   

You may  obtain  information  about how the Fund  voted  proxies  related to its
portfolio  securities  during the 12-month  period ended June 30 by visiting the
Securities and Exchange  Commission's Web site at www.sec.gov or by visiting our
Web site at:  dws-scudder.com  (click on  "proxy  voting"  at the  bottom of the
page).                                                                          

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The financial statements,  including the portfolio of investments,  of the Fund,
together  with the Report of  Independent  Registered  Public  Accounting  Firm,
Financial  Highlights and notes to financial  statements in the Annual Report to
the Shareholders of the Fund dated August 31, 2007, are  incorporated  herein by
reference  and are hereby  deemed to be a part of this  Statement of  Additional
Information.                                                                    

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

The CUSIP  number of the class of DWS  International  Value  Opportunities  Fund
offered herein is:                                                              

Class S:          23337R627                                                     

DWS International Value Opportunities Fund has a fiscal year ending August 31.  

Many of the investment changes in the Fund will be made at prices different from
those  prevailing  at the time  they may be  reflected  in a  regular  report to
shareholders of the Fund. These transactions will reflect  investment  decisions
made by the Advisor in light of the Fund's  investment  objective  and policies,
its other portfolio holdings and tax considerations, and should not be construed
as recommendations for similar action by other investors.                       

The Fund's Prospectus and this Statement of Additional  Information omit certain
information  contained in the  Registration  Statement  which the Fund has filed
with the SEC under the  Securities  Act of 1933 and  reference is hereby made to
the Registration  Statement for further information with respect to the Fund and
the securities  offered hereby.  This Registration  Statement and its amendments
are available for inspection by the public at the SEC in Washington, D.C.       

66

P-->497597th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 597th
RATINGS OF INVESTMENTS

Standard & Poor's Corporation Bond Ratings                                      

AAA.  Debt  rated AAA had the  highest  rating  assigned  by  Standard & Poor's.
Capacity to pay interest and repay principal is extremely strong.               

AA. Debt rated AA has a very strong capacity to pay interest and repay principal
and differs from the higher rated issues only in small degree.                  

A. Debt  rated A has a strong  capacity  to pay  interest  and  repay  principal
although it is somewhat more  susceptible  to the adverse  effects of changes in
circumstances and economic conditions than debt in higher rated categories.     

BBB.  Debt rated BBB is regarded as having an adequate  capacity to pay interest
and  repay  principal.   Whereas  it  normally  exhibits   adequate   protection
parameters,  adverse  economic  conditions  or changing  circumstances  are more
likely to lead to a weakened  capacity to pay interest and repay  principal  for
debt in this category than in higher rated categories.                          

BB, B, CCC, CC and C. Debt rated BB, B, CCC, CC and C is  regarded,  on balance,
as predominantly  speculative with respect to capacity to pay interest and repay
principal in  accordance  with the terms of the  obligation.  BB  indicates  the
lowest degree of speculation and C the highest degree of speculation. While such
debt will likely have some  quality and  protective  characteristics,  these are
outweighed by large uncertainties or major risk exposures to adverse conditions.

CI. The rating CI is  reserved  for income  bonds on which no  interest is being
paid.                                                                           

D. Debt rated D is in  default,  and  payment of interest  and/or  repayment  of
principal is in arrears.                                                        

Moody's Investors Service, Inc. Bond Ratings                                    

AAA. Bonds which are rated Aaa are judged to be of the best quality.  They carry
the  smallest  degree  of  investment  risk  and are  generally  referred  to as
"gilt-edge."  Interest  payments are protected by a large or by an exceptionally
stable margin and principal is secure. While the various protective elements are
likely to change,  such changes as can be visualized are most unlikely to impair
the fundamentally strong position of such issues.                               

Aa. Bonds which are rated Aa are judged to be of high quality by all  standards.
Together with the Aaa group they comprise what are generally known as high-grade
bonds.  They are rated lower than the best bonds  because  margins of protection
may not be as large as in Aaa securities or  fluctuation of protective  elements
may be of greater  amplitude or there may be other  elements  present which make
the long term risks appear somewhat larger than in                              

Aaa securities.                                                                 

A. Bonds which are rated A possess many favorable investment  attributes and are
to be considered as upper medium grade  obligations.  Factors giving security to
principal and interest are considered adequate but elements may be present which
suggest a susceptibility to impairment sometime in the future.                  

Baa. Bonds which are rated Baa are considered as medium grade obligations, i.e.,
they are neither  highly  protected nor poorly  secured.  Interest  payments and
principal  security  appear  adequate  for the present  but  certain  protective
elements may be lacking or may be  characteristically  unreliable over any great
length of time. Such bonds lack outstanding  investment  characteristics  and in
fact have speculative characteristics as well.                                  

Ba.  Bonds  which are rated Ba are judged to have  speculative  elements;  their
future cannot be considered  as well assured.  Often the  protection of interest
and  principal  payments may be very  moderate and thereby not well             

67

P-->497598th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 598th
safeguarded  during  both good and bad times  over the  future.  Uncertainty  of
position characterizes bonds in this class.                                     

B. Bonds  which are rated B  generally  lack  characteristics  of the  desirable
investment.  Assurance of interest and principal  payments or of  maintenance of
other terms of the contract over any long period of time may be small.          

Caa.  Bonds  which are rated Caa are of poor  standing.  Such  issues  may be in
default or there may be present  elements of danger with respect to principal or
interest.                                                                       

Ca. Bonds which are rated Ca represent  obligations  which are  speculative in a
high degree. Such issues are often in default or have other marked shortcomings.

C.  Bonds  which are rated C are the lowest  rated  class of bonds and issues so
rated can be regarded as having  extremely  poor prospects of ever attaining any
real investment standing.                                                       

Fitch Long-Term Debt Ratings                                                    

AAA.  Highest credit  quality.  "AAA" ratings  denote the lowest  expectation of
credit risk. They are assigned only in case of exceptionally strong capacity for
timely payment of financial commitments.  This capacity is highly unlikely to be
adversely affected by foreseeable events.                                       

AA. Very high credit  quality.  "AA"` ratings  denote a very low  expectation of
credit risk.  They indicate very strong capacity for timely payment of financial
commitments.  This  capacity  is not  significantly  vulnerable  to  foreseeable
events.                                                                         

A. High credit quality. "A" ratings denote a low expectation of credit risk. The
capacity for timely payment of financial  commitments is considered strong. This
capacity may, nevertheless, be more vulnerable to changes in circumstances or in
economic conditions than is the case for higher ratings.                        

BBB. Good credit quality.  "BBB" ratings  indicate that there is currently a low
expectation  of credit  risk.  The  capacity  for timely  payment  of  financial
commitments is considered adequate,  but adverse changes in circumstances and in
economic conditions are more likely to impair this capacity.  This is the lowest
investment-grade category.                                                      

BB.  Speculative.  "BB" ratings  indicate that there is a possibility  of credit
risk  developing,  particularly  as the result of adverse  economic  change over
time;  however,  business or  financial  alternatives  may be available to allow
financial  commitments  to be met.  Securities  rated in this  category  are not
investment grade.                                                               

B. Highly  speculative.  "B" ratings  indicate that  significant  credit risk is
present,  but a limited  margin of safety  remains.  Financial  commitments  are
currently being met; however,  capacity for continued payment is contingent upon
a sustained, favorable business and economic environment.                       

CCC,  CC, C. High  default  risk.  Default is a real  possibility.  Capacity for
meeting  financial  commitments  is solely  reliant  upon  sustained,  favorable
business or economic developments.  A "CC" rating indicates that default of some
kind appears probable. "C" ratings signal imminent default.                     

DDD, DD, D. Default.  The ratings of  obligations  in this category are based on
their prospects for achieving  partial or full recovery in a  reorganization  or
liquidation  of  the  obligor.   While  expected   recovery  values  are  highly
speculative  and cannot be estimated with any precision,  the following serve as
general  guidelines.  "DDD" obligations have the highest potential for recovery,
around 90%-100% of outstanding amounts and accrued interest.                    

"DD" indicates potential  recoveries in the range of 50%-90%, and "D" the lowest
recovery  potential,  i.e.,  below 50%.  Entities  rated in this  category  have
defaulted  on some or all of their  obligations.  Entities  rated "DDD" have the
highest  prospect for resumption of  performance or continued  operation with or
without  a  formal  reorganization  process.  Entities  rated  "DD"  and "D" are
generally undergoing a formal reorganization or liquidation process; those      

68

P-->497599th Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 599th
rated  "DD" are  likely  to  satisfy  a  higher  portion  of  their  outstanding
obligations,  while  entities  rated "D" have a poor  prospect  for repaying all
obligations.                                                                    

Fitch Short-Term Debt Ratings                                                   

F1.  Highest credit  quality.  Indicates the Best capacity for timely payment of
financial commitments;  may have an added "+" to denote any exceptionally strong
credit feature.                                                                 

F2. Good credit quality. A satisfactory capacity for timely payment of financial
commitments,  but the  margin  of  safety  is not as great as in the case of the
higher ratings.                                                                 

F3.  Fair  credit  quality.   The  capacity  for  timely  payment  of  financial
commitments is adequate;  however,  near-term  adverse changes could result in a
reduction to non-investment grade.                                              

B.  Speculative.  Minimal capacity for timely payment of financial  commitments,
plus  vulnerability  to  near-term  adverse  changes in  financial  and economic
conditions.                                                                     

C. High  default  risk.  Default is a real  possibility.  Capacity  for  meeting
financial commitments is solely reliant upon a sustained, favorable business and
economic environment.                                                           

D. Default. Denotes actual or imminent payment default.                         

Commercial Paper Ratings                                                        

Commercial  paper rated by Standard & Poor's  Ratings  Services  ("S&P") has the
following   characteristics:   Liquidity   ratios  are  adequate  to  meet  cash
requirements.  Long-term  senior  debt is rated "A" or  better.  The  issuer has
access to at least two additional channels of borrowing. Basic earnings and cash
flow  have an  upward  trend  with  allowance  made for  unusual  circumstances.
Typically, the issuer's industry is well established and the issuer has a strong
position  within the industry.  The  reliability  and quality of management  are
unquestioned.  Relative  strength  or weakness  of the above  factors  determine
whether the issuer's commercial paper is rated A-1 or A-2.                      

The ratings  Prime-1 and Prime-2 are the two highest  commercial  paper  ratings
assigned  by Moody's  Investors  Service,  Inc.  ("Moody's").  Among the factors
considered by it in assigning  ratings are the following:  (1) evaluation of the
management of the issuer;  (2) economic  evaluation of the issuer's  industry or
industries and an appraisal of  speculative-type  risks which may be inherent in
certain  areas;  (3)  evaluation  of  the  issuer's   products  in  relation  to
competition and customer  acceptance;  (4) liquidity;  (5) amount and quality of
long-term debt; (6) trend of earnings over a period of ten years;  (7) financial
strength of a parent company and the relationships  which exist with the issuer;
and (8) recognition by the management of obligations which may be present or may
arise as a result of public  interest  questions and  preparations  to meet such
obligations.  Relative  strength  or weakness  of the above  factors  determines
whether the issuer's commercial paper is rated Prime-1 or 2.                    

Municipal Notes                                                                 

Moody's: The highest ratings for state and municipal short-term  obligations are
"MIG 1," "MIG 2," and "MIG 3" (or "VMIG 1," "VMIG 2" and "VMIG 3" in the case of
an issue having a variable rate demand feature). Notes rated "MIG 1" or "VMIG 1"
are judged to be of the "best  quality".  Notes rated "MIG 2" or "VMIG 2" are of
"high  quality," with margins or protection  "ample  although not as large as in
the  preceding  group".  Notes  rated  "MIG  3" or  "VMIG  3" are of  "favorable
quality," with all security  elements  accounted for but lacking the strength of
the preceding grades.                                                           

69

P-->497Last Page of 600TOC1stPreviousNext↓BottomJust 600th
S&P:  The  "SP-1"  rating  reflects  a "very  strong or strong  capacity  to pay
principal and interest". Notes issued with "overwhelming safety characteristics"
will be rated "SP-1+".  The "SP-2" rating reflects a "satisfactory  capacity" to
pay principal and interest.                                                     

Fitch:  The highest ratings for state and municipal  short-term  obligations are
"F-1+," "F-1," and "F-2."                                                       

70
R-->Dates Referenced Herein   and   Documents Incorporated by Reference
Referenced-On PageThis ‘497’ Filing    Date First  Last      Other Filings1/1/116057811/30/1020399485BPOS,  497K,  N-Q11/30/08164556N-Q9/30/08113124974/1/082801/1/08351581Filed on / Effective on:12/6/0712/1/071529485BPOS11/26/0728249711/7/073615919/30/074745579/18/074805618/31/071159624F-2NT,  24F-2NT/A,  N-CSR,  NSAR-B6/11/072039924F-2NT4/1/0732340712/31/0635759012/21/0631455349710/23/064165709/28/063155548/31/0616856624F-2NT,  N-CSR,  N-PX,  NSAR-B8/18/064165694977/17/064155697/5/061635897/1/06480561485BPOS6/28/06474561N-CSRS,  NSAR-A6/1/063124015/5/06359589497,  DEF 14A,  PRE 14A4/17/064165694972/6/063645934971/1/063208/31/0532841024F-2NT,  N-CSR,  NSAR-B12/31/04415569NSAR-B/A8/31/042924F-2NT,  N-CSR,  NSAR-B8/13/04869349711/3/0392910/1/033394964974/5/023104066/18/01912/29/0018485BPOS,  NT-NSAR8/2/99184971/1/992903795/29/983634408/31/95339497 List all Filings 
↑TopFiling Submission 0000088053-07-001383   –   Alternative Formats (Word / Rich Text, HTML, Plain Text, et al.)
Copyright © 2017 Fran Finnegan & Company.  All Rights Reserved.About – Privacy – Redactions – Help —
Fri, 28 Jul 11:39:44.3 GMT 


Home  | Deutsche Asset Management


































Market Insight

Economic Outlook 



Products

Money Market Funds: Yields
Closed End Funds: Prices & Performance
Variable Insurance Portfolios



Literature

Fund Literature : Mutual Funds
Fund Literature : Money Market Funds
Fund Literature : Closed End Funds
Fund Literature : Variable Insurance Portfolios



Retirement

Retirement: Employer-Sponsored Plans

Retirement: IRAs




Tools & Services

Advisors
Investors
Financial Institutions
Mutual & Money Fund Account Forms: Public



About Us

Who We Are
News & Press: Reprints
Contact Us







INSIGHTS





The Allocator
by David Bianco, Chief Investment Strategist



U.S. Economic Outlook 
Economic and financial market projections



Employment Report
A viewpoint from Josh Feinman 







        
        FEATURED INSIGHTS
        


    
    Chief Investment Office
    


    
    Global Markets Insights
    


(Locked) 
    Global Markets Presentations
    


    
    On-Demand
    







        
        SEARCH INSIGHTS
        


    
    Asset-Class Perspectives
    


    
    Research
    


    
    Fund Commentaries
    


    
    Global Economic Outlook
    


    
    Market Perspectives
    


    
    White Papers
    







        
        SPEAKER SERIES
        


    
    Upcoming Calls
    


    
    Replays
    






(Locked) Sign In Required



PRODUCTS





Global Infrastructure
Fund overview, prices, ratios and fund facts



European Equity Fund
Fund Overview, prices, ratios and fund facts



Global High Income
Fund Overview, prices, ratios and fund facts







MUTUAL FUNDS
        



       Fund Product Pages
    

    
    Prices & Performance
    


    
    Expense Ratios & Ratings
    


    
    Dividends
    


    
    Capital Gains
    


    
    Yields & Distributions
    







CLOSED END FUNDS
        



       Fund Product Pages
    

    
    Prices & Performance
    




MONEY MARKET FUNDS
        


    
    Yields
    


    
    Performance
    


    
    Full Portfolio Holdings
    


    
    Fund Characteristics
    







        
        VARIABLE INSURANCEPORTFOLIOS
        


    
    Prices
    


(Locked) 
    Performance
    


    
    Expenses
    


    
    Dividends & Capital Gains
    


    
    Full Portfolio Holdings
    







        
        MARKET-LINKED INVESTMENTS
        


    
    Previous Offerings
    




MODEL DELIVERY
        


    
    Strategy Offerings
    






(Locked) Sign In Required



LITERATURE





Global Infrastructure 
Fact sheets, presentations, sales ideas and more



High-yield and GNMAs
Potential protection from shifting markets



CROCI Funds
Fact sheets, presentations, sales ideas and more







MUTUAL FUNDS
        


    
    View All
    


    
    Fact Sheets
    


    
    Commentaries
    


    
    Brochures
    


    
    Sales Ideas
    


    
    Summary Prospectuses
    


    
    Prospectuses
    







        
        MONEYMARKET FUNDS
        


    
    View All
    


    
    Fact Sheets
    


    
    Summary Prospectuses
    


    
    Prospectuses
    







CLOSED END FUNDS
        


    
    View All
    


    
    Fact sheets
    


    
    Annual Reports
    


    
    Semi-Annual Reports
    


    
    Quarterly Reports
    







        
        VARIABLE INSURANCEPORTFOLIOS
        


    
    View All
    


    
    Fact Sheets
    






(Locked) Sign In Required



RETIREMENT





DCIO
Defined Contribution Investment Only 



FINRA Calculator
Information and analysis for mutual funds



Rollover IRA
Options available to rollover your IRA







        
        EMPLOYERSPONSORED PLANS
        


    
    Overview
    


    
    Participants
    


    
    Plan Sponsors
    


(Locked) 
    Advisors
    







IRAs
        


    
    Overview
    


    
    Traditional
    


    
    Roth
    


    
    Rollover
    


(Locked) 
    IRA Account Forms for Advisors
    


    
    IRA Account Change & Distributions
    







ADVISOR SIGN-IN
        


    
    Retirement Plan Access
    







INVESTOR SIGN-IN
        


    
    Investor Resource Center
    


    
    Retirement Account
    






(Locked) Sign In Required



RESOURCES





Subscription Center
Key insights and analysis



Life goes on 
Are you prepared?  



Go Paperless
E-delivery - fast and free







        
        INVESTORS
        


    
    Shareholder Accounts
    


    
    Retirement Plan Accounts
    


    
    Investor Resource Center
    


    
    Account Forms
    


    
    Tax Center
    


    
    Frequently Asked Questions
    


    
    Glossary
    







        
        ADVISORS
        


(Locked) 
    Advisor Center
    


(Locked) 
    Account Forms
    


    
    Retirement Accounts
    


    
    Client Portfolios
    







        
        INSTITUTIONS
        


(Locked) 
    Institutions Center
    






(Locked) Sign In Required



ABOUT US





Media Release
Deutsche Bank refines strategy



Municipal Bond Team 
Long-term results from an experienced team 



A Wealth of Experience
Asset management capabilities







        
        WHO WE ARE
        


    
    Overview
    


    
    Key Figures
    


    
    Deutsche Bank -A Strong Partner
    


    
    Investment Philosophy
    


    
    U.S. Management Team
    


    
    History
    







        
        NEWS & PRESS
        


    
    Article Reprints
    


    
    Press Releases
    







        
        CONTACT US
        


    
    General
    


    
    Advisors
    


    
    Institutions
    


    
    Investors
    


    
    Media Relations
    






(Locked) Sign In Required







Search





Sign In / Enroll







Fund FinderVideo:Emerging MarketsVideo:Global High YieldSubscribeConnect the dotsReal DealBianco's BriefingPreviousFund FinderVideo:Emerging MarketsVideo:Global High YieldSubscribeConnect the dotsReal DealBianco's BriefingNextMUTUAL FUND FINDERVIEW PRICES & PERFORMANCEAlternative Fundsinnovative investment solutionsAsset Allocation Fundsvariety through stocks, bonds and cash equivalentsInt'l / Global Equity Fundsglobal securities for a global economyIndex-Related Fundsinvesting along market indicesReal Assets Fundsliquid real estate, commodities and infrastructureTaxable Fixed-Income Fundsseeking income and investment preservationTax-Free Income Fundsreduce taxable investment incomeU.S. Equity Fundsportfolios focused on distinct market segmentsView all prices & performance
        Opportunities are emerging
    Send To A Friend
        Macroeconomic and fundamental improvements have supported Emerging Markets resurgence. Now may be the time for investors to take a closer look at the potential investment opportunities Emerging Markets could offer.
    View videoR-51764-1 (7/17)
        Looking for an income boost?
    Send To A Friend
        Three (3) reasons why global high yield may be of interest.                                                               
    View the videoR-49874-2 (7/17)
        Quick and easy way to get what you need
    Send To A Friend
        Subscribe to receive key analysis to
shape your decisions and investment strategy.
    SubscribeR-050372-1 (4/17)
        There's a world of opportunity out there
    Send To A Friend
        You just need to connect the dots.  When it comes to emerging and developed international markets, the right partner can help you see the full picture. With over 900 investment professionals across 19 countries and 24 time zones, we can show you opportunities you might not see otherwise.  
    Start connectingR-051390-1 (6/17)
        Discover the Real Deal
    Send To A Friend
        Adding real assets to a portfolio may reduce volatility, hedge inflation and potentially boost returns and income. With more than 40 years of real asset experience, we can help you explore the possibilities.
    Learn more048216-1 (10/16)
        The Strategist's Corner
    Send To A Friend
        Don't get upended by trends or emerging developments.  Gain more solid footing.
    Learn more
                        |
                    The Allocator:  What to expect from 2Q EPS?R-050029-19 (7/17)DWS INSIGHTSGlobal Listed Infrastructure 2016 OutlookStrategy Insights (R-40559-1)Prev01234NextHighlightsCIO View: Investment Traffic LightsOur latest strategic and tactical signalsReal Asset CategoryLiquid real estate, commodities and infrastructureRepeal and Replace FailureA viewpoint from David BiancoDeutsche funds at a glanceView our product lineup.  Life Events HappenAre You Prepared?Deutsche Asset Management is here to help youplan for your financial future.
                    ��
                COMMENTARY & OUTLOOKarticleGlobal Listed Infrastructure Investing - June 2017A pure-play approach to an essential asset class (R-047644-2)articleCIO ViewChina's Balancing Act (R-050312-2)articleA Closer Look - July 2017Global outlook: Cyclically improved, structurally still challenged (R-050680-2)
                ��
            More: Commentaries
    Insights On-Demand
VIDEOConnect with Global High YieldLooking to boost your income? Three reasons why Global High Yield is the opportunity you've been looking for. (R-50424-1)VIDEOThe case for Emerging Market EquitiesFeaturing Sean Taylor, Chief Investment Officer, APAC and Head of Emerging Market EquitiesVIDEOInfrastructure Time to Rethink InvestingWhat makes us overcome the barriers of time and distance? Infrastructure. (R-050065-1)VIDEOTrump beats Clinton!The nation has decided! 3 things investors should keep in mind now.VIDEOCIO View 2016More: VideosQuick LinksFINRA BrokerCheck2016 Final Capital GainsInvestment CalculatorsLife EventsGo PaperlessFund Sales Charge ScheduleMutual Funds: Prices and Performance



R-2181-11 (7/17) 

Risk Considerations
Investments in mutual funds involve risk. Stocks may decline in value. Bond investments are subject to interest-rate, credit, liquidity and market risks to varying degrees. Credit risk refers to the ability of an issuer to make timely payments of principal and interest. Investing in derivatives entails special risks relating to liquidity, leverage and credit that may reduce returns and/or increase volatility. Investing in foreign securities, particularly those of emerging markets, presents certain risks, such as currency fluctuations, political and economic changes, and market risks. There are additional risks associated with investing in commodities, high-yield bonds, aggressive growth stocks, non-diversified/concentrated funds and small- and mid-cap stocks which are more fully explained in the prospectuses. Please read the prospectus for more information.

Read the Prospectus
To obtain a summary prospectus, if available, or prospectus, download for mutual funds or download for money funds, talk to your financial representative or contact us, We advise you to carefully consider the product's objectives, risks, charges and expenses before investing. The summary prospectus and prospectus contains this and other important information about the investment product. Please read the summary prospectus and prospectus carefully before you invest. 
Nothing contained herein is fiduciary or impartial investment advice that is individualized or directed to any plan, plan participant, or IRA owner regarding the advisability of any investment transaction, including any IRA distribution or rollover.

Other Deutsche Asset Management Websites Exchange Traded Funds   |  Liquidity Management  |  RREEF Property Trust  |  Institutional Solutions  |  Global Asset Management 

NO BANK GUARANTEE | NOT FDIC INSURED | MAY LOSE VALUEThis site is intended for U.S. investors only. 



Privacy Policy|
Legal Notice |
Security|
Proxy Voting|
XBRL Files|
Contact Us


Deutsche Asset Management represents the asset management activities conducted by Deutsche Bank AG or any of its subsidiaries.
Copyright © 2017 Deutsche Bank AG. All rights reserved.Deutsche AM Distributors, Inc. Member FINRA















 SECGems: DEUTSCHE GLOBAL/INTERNATIONAL FUND, INC. 







































  







			Data feeds now available
			Excel / CSV / Java / Python /etc 
Database
Learn more









  




  


  






























 DEUTSCHE GLOBAL/INTERNATIONAL FUND, INC. 
		     










 Info




 Ownership




 Filings
1,538













	 
	
	 345 PARK AVENUE
	 
	
	
	   NEW YORK, 
	   NY, 
	  
	
	  
		
		

			
			 
		
		
		
		 USA
		
	
	   212-454-6778    
	    

						        









Filing DateCurrent and former namesChanged on date




2014-08-15DEUTSCHE GLOBAL/INTERNATIONAL FUND, INC.


2006-02-27DWS GLOBAL/INTERNATIONAL FUND, INC.


1998-06-05GLOBAL/INTERNATIONAL FUND INC


1997-08-26SCUDDER GLOBAL FUND INC1992-07-03








Central Index Key (CIK)
0000793597
Fiscal year end
0630










All related persons/companies# Filings





 BALANCED INCOME FUND INC


1




 BROWN ALEX CASH RESERVE FUND INC


101




 BT ADVISOR FUNDS (0000948630) 


17




 BT ADVISOR FUNDS II


16




 BT ALEX BROWN CASH RESERVE FUND INC


101




 BT GLOBAL INVESTORS


16




 BT INSTITUTIONAL FUNDS (0000862157) 


196




 BT INSURANCE FUNDS TRUST /MA/


67




 BT INVESTMENT FUNDS (0000797657) 


140




 BT PYRAMID MUTUAL FUNDS (0000884463) 


20




 BT TAX FREE INVESTMENT TRUST


140




 CASH ACCOUNT FUND INC


1




 CASH ACCOUNT TRUST (0000858372) 


105




 CASH EQUIVALENT FUND (0000310030) 


7




 CASH EQUIVALENT FUND INC


7




 CASH MANAGEMENT PORTFOLIO (0000862064) 


28




 CASH RESERVE FUND INC (0000353447) 


101




 CENTRAL EUROPE & RUSSIA FUND, INC. (0000860489) 


4




 CENTRAL EUROPE, RUSSIA & TURKEY FUND, INC. (0000860489) 


1




 CENTRAL EUROPEAN EQUITY FUND INC /MD/


4




 DEUTSCHE ASSET ALLOCATION TRUST (0000926425) 


23




 DEUTSCHE ASSET MANAGEMENT


56




 DEUTSCHE ASSET MANAGEMENT VIT FUNDS


88




 DEUTSCHE BANC ALEX BROWN CASH RESERVE FUND INC


101




 DEUTSCHE BANK SECURITIES INC (0001074042) 


1




 DEUTSCHE EQUITY 500 INDEX PORTFOLIO (0000888568) 


4




 DEUTSCHE FAMILY OF FUNDS INC


3




 DEUTSCHE FUNDS INC


33




 DEUTSCHE FUNDS TRUST (0000854905) 


2




 DEUTSCHE GLOBAL HIGH INCOME FUND, INC. (0000887590) 


4




 DEUTSCHE HIGH INCOME OPPORTUNITIES FUND, INC. (0001375387) 


4




 DEUTSCHE HIGH INCOME TRUST (0000830160) 


4




 DEUTSCHE INCOME TRUST (0000747677) 


41




 DEUTSCHE INSTITUTIONAL FUNDS (0000862157) 


36




 DEUTSCHE INTERNATIONAL FUND, INC. (0000088053) 


50




 DEUTSCHE INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT AMERICAS INC (0001179124) 


22




 DEUTSCHE INVESTMENT TRUST (0000088064) 


46




 DEUTSCHE INVESTMENTS VIT FUNDS (0001006373) 


21




 DEUTSCHE INVESTORS FUNDS INC (0001039826) 


87




 DEUTSCHE MARKET TRUST (0000095603) 


42




 DEUTSCHE MONEY FUNDS (0000055189) 


28




 DEUTSCHE MONEY MARKET TRUST (0000703642) 


21




 DEUTSCHE MULTI-MARKET INCOME TRUST (0000842905) 


4




 DEUTSCHE MUNICIPAL INCOME TRUST (0000839533) 


4




 DEUTSCHE MUNICIPAL TRUST (0000203142) 


36




 DEUTSCHE PORTFOLIO TRUST (0000088063) 


39




 DEUTSCHE SECURITIES TRUST (0000088048) 


50




 DEUTSCHE STATE TAX-FREE INCOME SERIES (0000714287) 


33




 DEUTSCHE STRATEGIC INCOME TRUST (0000919708) 


4




 DEUTSCHE STRATEGIC MUNICIPAL INCOME TRUST (0000846596) 


4




 DEUTSCHE TARGET DATE SERIES (0000926425) 


36




 DEUTSCHE TARGET FUND (0000854905) 


6




 DEUTSCHE TAX FREE TRUST (0000711600) 


32




 DEUTSCHE VALUE SERIES, INC (0000825062) 


37




 DEUTSCHE VARIABLE SERIES I (0000764797) 


23




 DEUTSCHE VARIABLE SERIES II (0000810573) 


24




 DREMAN MUTUAL GROUP INC


35




 DWS ADVISOR FUNDS (0000797657) 


103




 DWS ADVISOR FUNDS II (0000948630) 


1




 DWS ADVISOR FUNDS III (0000884463) 


2




 DWS ALLOCATION SERIES (0000926425) 


166




 DWS BALANCED FUND (0000095603) 


167




 DWS BLUE CHIP FUND (0000823342) 


88




 DWS CASH INVESTMENT TRUST (0000088047) 


15




 DWS COMMUNICATIONS FUND


82




 DWS COMMUNICATIONS FUND, INC. (0000731129) 


82




 DWS Dreman Value IncomEdge Fund, Inc. (0001375387) 


16




 DWS Dreman Value Income Edge Fund, Inc. (0001375387) 


15




 DWS ENHANCED COMMODITY STRATEGY FUND, INC. (0001296115) 


1




 DWS EQUITY 500 INDEX PORTFOLIO (0000888568) 


28




 DWS EQUITY PARTNERS FUND


39




 DWS EQUITY PARTNERS FUND, INC. (0000933402) 


39




 DWS EQUITY TRUST (0001052427) 


97




 DWS FLOATING RATE OPPORTUNITIES FUND, INC. (0001493549) 


1




 DWS FUNDS TRUST (0000354472) 


22




 DWS GLOBAL COMMODITIES STOCK FUND, INC. (0001296115) 


7




 DWS GLOBAL HIGH INCOME FUND (0000887590) 


16




 DWS GLOBAL HIGH INCOME FUND, INC. (0000887590) 


8




 DWS GLOBAL/INTERNATIONAL FUND, INC. (0000793597) 


981




 DWS HIGH INCOME SERIES (0000225528) 


80




 DWS HIGH INCOME TRUST (0000830160) 


16




 DWS High Income Opportunities Fund, Inc. (0001375387) 


10




 DWS INCOME TRUST (0000747677) 


175




 DWS INSTITUTIONAL FUNDS (0000862157) 


179




 DWS INTERNATIONAL EQUITY PORTFOLIO (0000888779) 


1




 DWS INTERNATIONAL FUND, INC. (0000088053) 


201




 DWS INVESTMENT TRUST (0000088064) 


199




 DWS INVESTMENTS TRUST (0000912035) 


16




 DWS INVESTMENTS VIT FUNDS (0001006373) 


84




 DWS INVESTORS FUNDS, INC. (0001039826) 


54




 DWS MARKET TRUST (0000095603) 


88




 DWS MONEY FUNDS (0000055189) 


131




 DWS MONEY MARKET TRUST (0000703642) 


117




 DWS MULTI-MARKET INCOME TRUST (0000842905) 


16




 DWS MUNICIPAL INCOME TRUST (0000839533) 


16




 DWS MUNICIPAL TRUST (0000203142) 


158




 DWS MUTUAL FUNDS, INC. (0000832946) 


94




 DWS PORTFOLIO TRUST (0000088063) 


179




 DWS RREEF REAL ESTATE FUND II, INC. (0001231160) 


8




 DWS RREEF REAL ESTATE FUND, INC. (0001179126) 


8




 DWS RREEF SECURITIES TRUST (0001095417) 


6




 DWS RREEF WORLD REAL ESTATE FUND, INC. (0001395999) 


1




 DWS RREEF World Real Estate & Tactical Strategies Fund, Inc. (0001395999) 


6




 DWS RREEF World Real Estate Plus Fund, Inc.


6




 DWS SECURITIES TRUST (0000088048) 


187




 DWS STATE TAX FREE TRUST (0000720245) 


79




 DWS STATE TAX-FREE INCOME SERIES (0000714287) 


143




 DWS STATE TAX-FREE TRUST (0000720245) 


76




 DWS STRATEGIC GOVERNMENT SECURITIES FUND (0000202163) 


55




 DWS STRATEGIC INCOME FUND (0000216314) 


86




 DWS STRATEGIC INCOME TRUST (0000919708) 


16




 DWS STRATEGIC MUNICIPAL INCOME TRUST (0000846596) 


16




 DWS TARGET DATE SERIES (0000926425) 


134




 DWS TARGET FUND (0000854905) 


108




 DWS TAX FREE MONEY FUND (0000313397) 


14




 DWS TAX FREE TRUST (0000711600) 


149




 DWS TECHNOLOGY FUND (0000096790) 


86




 DWS U.S. GOVERNMENT SECURITIES FUND (0000202163) 


81




 DWS U.S. TREASURY MONEY FUND (0000316138) 


15




 DWS VALUE BUILDER FUND


44




 DWS VALUE BUILDER FUND, INC. (0000885111) 


44




 DWS VALUE EQUITY TRUST (0000088051) 


109




 DWS VALUE SERIES, INC (0000825062) 


170




 DWS VARIABLE SERIES I (0000764797) 


92




 DWS VARIABLE SERIES II (0000810573) 


93




 Deutsche Asset Management International GMBH (0001304143) 


1




 EQUITY 500 INDEX PORTFOLIO


28




 EUROPEAN EQUITY FUND, INC / MD (0000791718) 


4




 FLAG INVESTORS BALANCED FUND INC


29




 FLAG INVESTORS COMMUNICATIONS FUND INC (0000731129) 


110




 FLAG INVESTORS EQUITY PARTNERS FUND INC (0000933402) 


70




 FLAG INVESTORS FUND TELEPHONE INCOME SHARES SERIES


3




 FLAG INVESTORS FUNDS INC


87




 FLAG INVESTORS TELEPHONE INCOME FUND INC


28




 FLAG INVESTORS TELEPHONE INCOME TRUST


28




 FLAG INVESTORS VALUE BUILDER FUND INC (0000885111) 


73




 FUTURE GERMANY FUND INC


3




 GERMANY FUND INC


4




 GLOBAL/INTERNATIONAL FUND INC (0000793597) 


1,382




 GOVERNMENT CASH MANAGEMENT PORTFOLIO (0000862064) 


1




 GOVERNMENTCASH MANAGEMENT PORTFOLIO


1




 INCOME INVESTMENT FUND


68




 INCOME TRUST FOR U S GOVERNMENT GUARANTEED SECURITIES


30




 INTERNATIONAL EQUITY PORTFOLIO


1




 INVESTMENT PORTFOLIOS INC


1




 INVESTMENT TRUST (0000088064) 


255




 INVESTORS CASH TRUST (0000863209) 


111




 INVESTORS FUND SERIES


76




 INVESTORS MUNICIPAL CASH FUND (0000863420) 


14




 KEMPER ADJUSTABLE RATE U S GOVERNMENT FUND (0000814955) 


1




 KEMPER AGGRESSIVE GROWTH FUND (0001024112) 


28




 KEMPER ASIAN GROWTH FUND (0001018865) 


1




 KEMPER BLUE CHIP FUND (0000823342) 


119




 KEMPER CALIFORNIA TAX FREE INCOME FUND INC


147




 KEMPER DIVERSIFIED INCOME FUND (0000216314) 


118




 KEMPER EQUITY TRUST (0001052427) 


126




 KEMPER EUROPE FUND (0001005218) 


1




 KEMPER FLEXIBLE GROWTH FUND


28




 KEMPER FLOATING RATE FUND


1




 KEMPER FUND FOR GOVERNMENT GUARANTEED SECURITIES INC


56




 KEMPER FUNDS TRUST


25




 KEMPER GLOBAL INCOME FUND (0000852067) 


1




 KEMPER GLOBAL INTERNATIONAL SERIES (0001046598) 


2




 KEMPER GOVERNMENT INCOME TRUST


1




 KEMPER GROWTH & INCOME FUND (0001046599) 


1




 KEMPER GROWTH FUND (0000095601) 


27




 KEMPER GROWTH FUND INC


27




 KEMPER GUARANTEED RETIREMENT FUND


4




 KEMPER HIGH INCOME TRUST


16




 KEMPER HIGH YIELD FUND


32




 KEMPER HIGH YIELD FUND INC


4




 KEMPER HIGH YIELD SERIES (0000225528) 


112




 KEMPER HORIZON FUND (0001001983) 


1




 KEMPER INCOME & CAPITAL PRESERVATION FUND INC (0000055185) 


1




 KEMPER INCOME SECURITIES INC


1




 KEMPER INTERNATIONAL FUND (0000350562) 


1




 KEMPER INTERNATIONAL FUND INC


1




 KEMPER INVESTMENT PORTFOLIOS


8




 KEMPER INVESTORS FUND


7




 KEMPER MONEY FUNDS


114




 KEMPER MONEY MARKET FUND


11




 KEMPER MULTI MARKET INCOME TRUST


16




 KEMPER MUNICIPAL BOND FUND INC


1




 KEMPER MUNICIPAL INCOME TRUST


16




 KEMPER NATIONAL TAX FREE INCOME SERIES (0000055190) 


1




 KEMPER NEW EUROPE FUND INC


22




 KEMPER OPTION INCOME FUND


118




 KEMPER OPTION INCOME FUND INC


32




 KEMPER PORTFOLIOS (0000701638) 


8




 KEMPER QUANTITATIVE EQUITY FUND (0000949461) 


1




 KEMPER RETIREMENT FUND


22




 KEMPER SAVERS MONEY FUND


7




 KEMPER SMALL CAPITALIZATION EQUITY FUND (0000095605) 


23




 KEMPER STATE TAX FREE INCOME SERIES (0000714287) 


180




 KEMPER STRATEGIC INCOME FUND


12




 KEMPER STRATEGIC INCOME TRUST


16




 KEMPER STRATEGIC MUNICIPAL INCOME TRUST


16




 KEMPER SUMMIT FUND


23




 KEMPER SUMMIT FUND INC


5




 KEMPER TARGET EQUITY FUND (0000854905) 


124




 KEMPER TECHNOLOGY FUND (0000096790) 


119




 KEMPER TOTAL RETURN FUND (0000095603) 


157




 KEMPER TOTAL RETURN FUND INC


110




 KEMPER U S GOVERNMENT SECURITIES FUND (0000202163) 


111




 KEMPER VALUE FUND INC (0000825062) 


168




 KEMPER VALUE PLUS GROWTH FUND (0000946751) 


23




 KEMPER VALUE SERIES INC


204




 KEMPER VARIABLE SERIES /MA/


100




 KOREA FUND INC (0000748691) 


1




 LARGE CAPITALIZATION EQUITY INDEX PORTFOLIO


24




 LAZARD FRERES FUNDS INC


118




 LAZARD TAX FREE RESERVES INC


22




 LENOX FUND INC


4




 MASTER INVESTMENT SERVICES TAX FREE FUND


2




 MORGAN GRENFELL INVESTMENT TRUST


40




 MORGAN GRENFELL INVESTMENT TRUST /NY/ (0000912035) 


56




 NEW GERMANY FUND INC (0000858706) 


4




 RREEF SECURITIES TRUST


35




 SCUDDER ADVISOR FUNDS (0000797657) 


137




 SCUDDER ADVISOR FUNDS II (0000948630) 


16




 SCUDDER ADVISOR FUNDS III (0000884463) 


19




 SCUDDER AGGRESSIVE GROWTH FUND (0001024112) 


27




 SCUDDER AM FUND


188




 SCUDDER BLUE CHIP FUND (0000823342) 


118




 SCUDDER CALIFORNIA TAX FREE FUND


4




 SCUDDER CALIFORNIA TAX FREE TRUST (0000719150) 


4




 SCUDDER CAPITAL GROWTH FUND INC


162




 SCUDDER CASH INVESTMENT TRUST (0000088047) 


40




 SCUDDER CASH INVESTMENT TRUST II


38




 SCUDDER CASH MANAGEMENT PORTFOLIO


27




 SCUDDER COMMON STOCK FUND


1




 SCUDDER COMMON STOCK FUND INC


57




 SCUDDER DEVELOPMENT FUND


238




 SCUDDER DUO VEST INC


53




 SCUDDER DYNAMIC GROWTH FUND (0000095605) 


22




 SCUDDER EQUITY 500 INDEX PORTFOLIO


28




 SCUDDER EQUITY TRUST


162




 SCUDDER EQUITY TRUST/IL (0001052427) 


125




 SCUDDER FLAG INVESTORS COMMUNICATIONS FUND INC (0000731129) 


107




 SCUDDER FLAG INVESTORS EQUITY PARTNERS FUND INC (0000933402) 


67




 SCUDDER FLAG INVESTORS VALUE BUILDER FUND INC (0000885111) 


70




 SCUDDER FLOATING RATE FUND


1




 SCUDDER FLOATING RATE FUND /MA/ (0001082300) 


1




 SCUDDER FOCUS VALUE PLUS GROWTH FUND (0000946751) 


22




 SCUDDER FOCUS VALUE PLUS GROWTH FUND/ (0000946751) 


22




 SCUDDER FUND INC (0000703642) 


118




 SCUDDER FUNDS TRUST (0000354472) 


68




 SCUDDER GLOBAL FUND INC (0000793597) 


1,539




 SCUDDER GLOBAL HIGH INCOME FUND /MA/


16




 SCUDDER GNMA FUND (0000716963) 


2




 SCUDDER GOVERNMENT MONEY FUND


38




 SCUDDER GOVERNMENT MORTGAGE SECURITIES FUND


2




 SCUDDER GROWTH & INCOME FUND


210




 SCUDDER GROWTH FUND (0000095601) 


26




 SCUDDER GROWTH TRUST (0000095601) 


23




 SCUDDER HIGH INCOME SERIES (0000225528) 


108




 SCUDDER HIGH INCOME TRUST


16




 SCUDDER HIGH YIELD SERIES (0000225528) 


111




 SCUDDER INCOME FUND


225




 SCUDDER INCOME TRUST (0000747677) 


205




 SCUDDER INSTITUTIONAL FUNDS (0000862157) 


195




 SCUDDER INTERNATIONAL EQUITY PORTFOLIO


1




 SCUDDER INTERNATIONAL FUND INC (0000088053) 


256




 SCUDDER INTERNATIONAL INVESTMENTS LTD


256




 SCUDDER INTERNATIONAL RESEARCH FUND INC (0001046598) 


1




 SCUDDER INVESTMENT TRUST (0000088064) 


256




 SCUDDER INVESTMENTS VIT FUNDS (0001006373) 


88




 SCUDDER INVESTORS FUNDS INC (0001039826) 


84




 SCUDDER INVESTORS TRUST (0001072010) 


25




 SCUDDER MANAGED MUNICIPAL BONDS


205




 SCUDDER MG INVESTMENTS TRUST (0000912035) 


53




 SCUDDER MONEY FUNDS (0000055189) 


141




 SCUDDER MONEY MARKET TRUST (0000703642) 


129




 SCUDDER MULTI MARKET INCOME TRUST


16




 SCUDDER MUNICIPAL CASH FUND


46




 SCUDDER MUNICIPAL INCOME TRUST


16




 SCUDDER MUNICIPAL TRUST (0000203142) 


205




 SCUDDER MUTUAL FUNDS INC (0000832946) 


142




 SCUDDER NEW EUROPE FUND INC


22




 SCUDDER NEW EUROPE FUND INC /NEW/ (0000857690) 


22




 SCUDDER NEW YORK TAX FREE FUND


57




 SCUDDER PATHWAY SERIES /NEW/ (0000926425) 


186




 SCUDDER PORTFOLIO TRUST/ (0000088063) 


229




 SCUDDER PORTFOLIOS (0000701638) 


7




 SCUDDER PRIME FUND


173




 SCUDDER RREEF REAL ESTATE FUND II INC


8




 SCUDDER RREEF REAL ESTATE FUND INC


8




 SCUDDER RREEF REIT FUND INC


8




 SCUDDER RREEF SECURITIES TRUST (0001095417) 


35




 SCUDDER SECURITIES TRUST (0000088048) 


238




 SCUDDER SHORT TERM MUNICIPAL TRUST


37




 SCUDDER SMALL CAPITALIZATION EQUITY FUND


22




 SCUDDER STATE TAX FREE TRUST (0000720245) 


125




 SCUDDER STATE TAX-FREE INCOME SERIES (0000714287) 


179




 SCUDDER STEVENS & CLARK BALANCED FUND INC


190




 SCUDDER STRATEGIC INCOME FUND (0000216314) 


117




 SCUDDER STRATEGIC INCOME TRUST


16




 SCUDDER STRATEGIC MUNICIPAL INCOME TRUST


16




 SCUDDER TARGET EQUITY FUND


127




 SCUDDER TARGET FUND (0000854905) 


169




 SCUDDER TAX FREE MONEY FUND (0000313397) 


37




 SCUDDER TAX FREE TARGET FUND


192




 SCUDDER TAX FREE TRUST (0000711600) 


192




 SCUDDER TECHNOLOGY FUND (0000096790) 


118




 SCUDDER TOTAL RETURN FUND (0000095603) 


198




 SCUDDER TREASURY MONEY PORTFOLIO


1




 SCUDDER U S GOVERNMENT SECURITIES FUND (0000202163) 


110




 SCUDDER US TREASURY MONEY FUND (0000316138) 


38




 SCUDDER VALUE PLUS GROWTH FUND


22




 SCUDDER VALUE SERIES INC (0000825062) 


204




 SCUDDER VARIABLE LIFE INVESTMENT FUND/MA/


101




 SCUDDER VARIABLE SERIES I (0000764797) 


101




 SCUDDER VARIABLE SERIES II (0000810573) 


100




 SCUDDER YIELDWISE FUNDS (0001026415) 


6




 SCUDER PORTFOLIOS


7




 SUPERVISED CASH ACCOUNT INC


7




 SUPERVISED INVESTORS CONVERTIBLE FUND IN


1




 SUPERVISED INVESTORS INCOME FUND INC


32




 SUPERVISED INVESTORS SUMMIT FUND INC


1




 SUPERVSED INVESTORS GROWTH FUND INC


6




 Scudder Commodities Stock Fund, Inc.


7




 Scudder Global Commodities Stock Fund, Inc.


7




 TAX EXEMPT CALIFORNIA MONEY MARKET FUND (0000811911) 


92




 TAX EXEMPT NEW YORK MONEY MARKET FUND


14




 TAX-EXEMPT CALIFORNIA MONEY MARKET FUND (0000811911) 


85




 TECHNOLOGY FUND INC


119




 TELEVISION ELECTRONICS FUND INC


33




 TREASURY MONEY PORTFOLIO (0000862062) 


1




 VALUE EQUITY TRUST (0000088051) 


162




 ZURICH MONEY FUNDS (0000055189) 


142




 ZURICH YIELDWISE FUNDS (0001026415) 


7




 ZURICH YIELDWISE MONEY FUND


7







 








db
 
 








































