    Bowen Diehl | Capital Southwest Corporation | ZoomInfo.comEarnings Call Transcripts | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO» 








Earnings Transcripts


  Sectors 


All
Most Popular

Basic Materials
Conglomerates
Consumer Goods
Financial
Healthcare
Industrial Goods
Services
Technology
Utilities










Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria SA (BBVA) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


BBVA•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  7:33 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




MPLX's (MPLX) CEO Gary Heminger on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


MPLX•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  5:56 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




Echo Global Logistics (ECHO) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ECHO•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  4:35 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




Seattle Genetics (SGEN) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


SGEN•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  3:10 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




Iridium Communications' (IRDM) CEO Matt Desch on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


IRDM•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  3:05 AM

        •
SA Transcripts
•1 Comment 



Whiting Petroleum (WLL) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


WLL•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  1:19 AM

        •
SA Transcripts
•2 Comments 



Imperva (IMPV) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


IMPV•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  1:17 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




Starbucks (SBUX) Q3 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


SBUX•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  1:13 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




World Wrestling Entertainment's (WWE) CEO Vince McMahon on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


WWE•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  1:01 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




HFF's (HF) CEO Mark Gibson on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


HF•
      Fri, Jul. 28, 12:47 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




Cypress Semiconductor (CY) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CY•
      Fri, Jul. 28, 12:33 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




Align Technology (ALGN) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ALGN•
      Fri, Jul. 28, 12:09 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




Edison International (EIX) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


EIX•
      Fri, Jul. 28, 12:07 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




First Solar (FSLR) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


FSLR•
      Fri, Jul. 28, 12:07 AM

        •
SA Transcripts
•1 Comment 



Southwest Airlines (LUV) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


LUV•
      Fri, Jul. 28, 12:07 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




BofI Holding's (BOFI) CEO Greg Garrabrants on Q4 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


BOFI•
      Fri, Jul. 28, 12:03 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




Ellie Mae (ELLI) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ELLI•
      Thu, Jul. 27, 11:51 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




MicroStrategy Incorporated's (MSTR) CEO Michael Saylor on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


MSTR•
      Thu, Jul. 27, 11:43 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Vale's (VALE) CEO Murilo Ferreira on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


VALE•
      Thu, Jul. 27, 11:43 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Digital Realty Trust (DLR) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


DLR•
      Thu, Jul. 27, 11:43 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




BJ's Restaurants (BJRI) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


BJRI•
      Thu, Jul. 27, 11:39 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Republic Services (RSG) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


RSG•
      Thu, Jul. 27, 11:37 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Cloud Peak Energy's (CLD) CEO Colin Marshall on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CLD•
      Thu, Jul. 27, 11:34 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Cerner (CERN) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CERN•
      Thu, Jul. 27, 11:27 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Proofpoint (PFPT) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


PFPT•
      Thu, Jul. 27, 11:27 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




OceanaGold Corp's (OCANF) CEO Michael Wilkes on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


OCANF•
      Thu, Jul. 27, 11:25 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Ultragenyx Pharmaceutical's (RARE) CEO Emil Kakkis on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


RARE•
      Thu, Jul. 27, 11:24 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Floor & Decor's (FND) CEO Tom Taylor on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


FND•
      Thu, Jul. 27, 11:22 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




SVB Financial's (SIVB) CEO Greg Becker on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


SIVB•
      Thu, Jul. 27, 11:20 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Western Digital (WDC) Q4 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


WDC•
      Thu, Jul. 27, 11:17 PM

        •
SA Transcripts





123456...4451Next Page





Search Transcripts






You can use: AND,NOT, OR,* *(exact phrase)













 











Capital Southwest Corporation (CSWC), Interview with Bowen S. Diehl, CEO - Nasdaq.com

















































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search










































Capital Southwest Corporation (CSWC), Interview with Bowen S. Diehl, CEO


January 23, 2017, 03:27:43 PM EDT
By Nasdaq CEO Signature Series










































Watch the CEO Signature Series interview with Bowen S. Diehl, Chief Executive Officer of Capital Southwest Corporation (CSWC).Bowen S. Diehl, CEOCEO Bio:Mr. Diehl joined Capital Southwest in 2014 and leads the firm's investment activities and strategic direction. He brings over 20 years of experience in sourcing, structuring and managing investments in a variety of industries. Mr. Diehl came to Capital Southwest from American Capital, Ltd., which he joined in 2001 and had been a Managing Director since 2007. While at American Capital, he closed investments in 15 platform companies and several add-on acquisitions, representing over $1.1 billion of invested capital. Mr. Diehl’s investments have been in a variety of industries, including industrial manufacturing, healthcare, business services and consumer finance. Mr. Diehl earned a Bachelor of Engineering degree, with majors in Environmental/Geotechnical Engineering and Economics, from Vanderbilt University and a Masters of Business Administration from the University of Texas at Austin.  Mr. Diehl lives in Dallas with his wife and three children.Company Description:Capital Southwest Corporation (Nasdaq: CSWC) is a Dallas, Texas-based publicly traded business development company, with approximately $279 million in net assets as of September 30, 2016. Capital Southwest is a credit investment firm focused on supporting the acquisition and growth of middle market businesses with $5 to $20 million investments across the capital structure, including first lien, unitranche, second lien and subordinated debt, as well as non-control equity co-investments. Since Capital Southwest's formation in 1961, it has always sought to invest in companies with strong management teams and sound financial performance. As a public company with a permanent capital base, Capital Southwest is fortunate to have the flexibility to be creative in its financing solutions and to invest to support the growth of its portfolio companies over long periods of time.



The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.











This article appears in:
Investing                           
                            
                                , Investing Ideas                           
                            
                                , CEOs                           
                            
                                , Investing Basics
















More from Nasdaq CEO Signature Series



Subscribe




TiGenix NV (TIG?), Interview with Eduardo Bravo, CEO
Tactile Systems Technology Inc. (TCMD), Interview with Gerald R. Mattys, CEO
Obalon Therapeutics Inc. (OBLN), Interview with Dr. Andrew Rasdal, CEO














Related Investing Ideas Articles




Subscribe







Earnings Reaction History: Health Care REIT Inc., 37.5% Follow-Through Indicator, 1.4% Sensitive


						7/28/2017 07:16 AM
					



Earnings Reaction History: Credit Suisse Group, 28.6% Follow-Through Indicator, 3.8% Sensitive


						7/28/2017 07:10 AM
					



Earnings Reaction History: ArcelorMittal, 37.5% Follow-Through Indicator, 1.6% Sensitive


						7/28/2017 07:06 AM
					














Contributor:Nasdaq CEO Signature Series
CEOs



Follow on:

























Most Popular




Highest Rated








Mitel To Acquire ShoreTel - Quick Facts
Sientra Completes Acquisition of Miramar Labs®
Seagate Technology PLC Q4 Profit Rises 174%
LedgerX gets U.S. approval for derivatives on digital currencies
U.S. Fines Frontier, American And Delta For Violating Consumer







Shareholders Approve Major Structural Change to Top Performing...
Yatra Attains Leadership Position in Corporate Travel With the...
Miller Heiman Group Selects CallidusCloud Datahug for Pipeline...
Tractor Supply Company Reports Second Quarter Results
Spectranetics Announces FDA Approval of Stellarex™ Drug-Coated Balloon




View All Highest Rated






















Research Brokers before you trade



		Compare Online Brokers
	


Want to trade FX?



		Visit our Forex Broker Center 
	
















Find a Credit Card



                    Select a credit card product by:
                


 Card Type
 Credit Score
 Card Issuer



                    Select an offer:
                





0% APR Credit CardsAirline Credit CardsBalance Transfer Credit CardsBusiness Credit CardsCash Back Credit CardsCharge CardsCharge Cards for BusinessEMV Smart ChipsGas Cards & Auto RewardsHome Improvement Rewards Credit CardsInstant Approval Credit CardsLow Interest Credit CardsNo Annual Fee Credit CardsNo Foreign Transaction Fee Credit CardsPoints Rewards Credit CardsPrepaid & Debit CardsReward Credit CardsStudent Credit CardsTop 10 Best Credit Card Deals and Offers




Bad CreditCredit Quality AverageCredit Quality ExcellentCredit Quality FairCredit Quality GoodLimited or No Credit HistoryPersonal Loans




American ExpressAmerican Express Airline CardsAmerican Express Business CardsAmerican Express Cash Back Credit CardsAmerican Express Charge CardsBarclaycardCapital OneCapital One Cash BackCapital One Fair CreditCapital One MilesCapital One PointsCapital One Prepaid Credit CardsChaseCiti Credit CardsDiscoverDiscover CashbackDiscover MilesDiscover Student Credit CardsMasterCard Credit CardsU.S. BankUSAAUSAA SavingsVisa Credit Cards







Search





Data Provided by BankRate.com






Stocks

Referenced





CSWC








0%



Rate It































CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX










































Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version












Capital Southwest's (CSWC) CEO Bowen Diehl on Q4 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Capital Southwest's (CSWC) CEO Bowen Diehl on Q4 2017 Results - Earnings Call TranscriptJun. 1.17 | About: Capital Southwest (CSWC) Capital Southwest Corp (NASDAQ:CSWC)
Q4 2017 Results Earnings Conference Call
June 1, 2017, 11:00 AM ET
Executives
Chris Rehberger - VP, Finance and Treasurer
Bowen Diehl - President and CEO
Michael Sarner - CFO
Analysts
Bryce Rowe - Robert W. Baird & Co.
Operator
Thank you for joining today's Capital Southwest Fourth Fiscal Quarter Earnings Call. Participating on the call today is Bowen Diehl, CEO; Michael Sarner, CFO; and Chris Rehberger, Vice President of Finance.
I'll now turn the call over to Chris Rehberger.
Chris Rehberger
Thank you. I would like to remind everyone that in the course of this call we will be making certain forward-looking statements. These statements are based on current conditions, currently available information, and management's expectations, assumptions, and beliefs.
They are not guarantees of future results and are subject to numerous risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that could cause actual results to differ materially from such statements. For information concerning these risks and uncertainties, see Capital Southwest's publicly available filings with the SEC.
The company does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events, changing circumstances, or any other reason after the date of this press release, except as required by law.
I will now hand the call off to our President and Chief Executive Officer, Bowen Diehl.
Bowen Diehl
Thanks, Chris and thanks to everyone for joining us for our fourth quarter 2017 earnings call. Throughout our prepared remarks, we will refer to various slides in our earnings presentation, which can be found on our website at www.capitalsouthwest.com.
We are pleased to report that fiscal year 2017 marked the first full fiscal year, post the spinoff of CSW Industrials, and a year in which we achieved our goal of establishing a premier middle market lending firm.
Our focus remains on building a portfolio that consists of a diverse set of debt and equity investments from both the lower middle market and the upper middle market. To this point, we believe we are well on our way to building a high-performing portfolio that generates market dividends to our shareholders while growing NAV per share.
We continued to execute under our shareholder-friendly, internally managed structure which at its foundation closely aligns our interests with the interests of our fellow shareholders in generating sustainable, long-term value through stable increasing dividends and NAV per share growth.
During our fiscal year ended March 31st, we delivered a 28% all-in return to shareholders, paying $0.79 per share in cumulative dividends during the year while experiencing stock price appreciation of 22%.
We believe this is evidence of the market both understanding and appreciating the evolution underway at Capital Southwest, from an all-equity focused BDC paying a negligible dividend to a credit-focused BDC paying a market dividend.
Slide seven illustrates our progress in this evolution during fiscal year 2017. As of the end of the March quarter, we generated a 4.5% annualized dividend yield to our shareholders, exclusive of the $0.26 per share special dividend, after increasing NAV per share during the year from $17.34 per share to $17.80 per share.
Though we are proud of our performance to-date, we look forward to continuing to execute on our strategy, with a goal of producing a market dividend for our shareholders while increasing NAV per share.
Our investment strategy is described on slide eight, which focuses on a blend of both lower middle market and upper middle market assets, has served as well throughout this fiscal year.
The upper middle market capability provides us the opportunity to invest capital relatively quickly in times of excess liquidity and to rotate capital out of the upper middle market as we continue to grow our lower middle-market portfolio.

The upper middle market capability also allows us to capitalize on market disruptions, as we saw during the fall of 2015 and spring of 2016. Our ability to underwrite strong credits in the upper middle market during this time resulted in heavy prepayment and attractive returns as the market strengthened over the subsequent 12 months.
As a result, we were able to rotate those dollars out of the upper middle market into the lower middle market, where we were able to originate highly attractive opportunities, many of which provide a potential for equity upside.
We believe investing a portion of our balance sheet in minority equity positions in our lower middle market companies is an important aspect of our strategy. Our goal is to build out a granular portfolio of equity positions, which as they appreciate and are harvested, a portion will be available to pay out to shareholders as special dividends, as was the case in the fourth quarter.
As seen on slide nine, the evolution of our balance sheet continues, as 88% of our investable assets are now in securities generating recurring cash income compared to 1% in mid-2014 when we began the transformation of Capital Southwest from equity investing to middle market credit.
This fiscal year, as seen on slide 10, we grew our balance sheet credit portfolio by $75 million on a net basis, with $120 million in new investments and $45 million in total repayments during the year. Of our new investments, 87% are floating rate first lien and 100% are floating rate secure.
Specific to the fourth quarter, as we have laid out on slide 11, we originated $41 million in new investments, all in the lower middle market and all floating rate first lien loans, with the new portfolio companies having equity exposure. The investments during the quarter had a weighted average yield to maturity on the debt of 11.2%.
As seen on slide 12, we received $23 million in proceeds from four additional portfolio exits during the quarter, generating a weighted average IRR of 38%. This brings the total exits for the year to $41 million of proceeds from seven portfolio exits with a weighted average IRR of 29%. Again, we believe these portfolio exits demonstrate early evidence of the attractive risk adjusted returns potential for our investment strategy.
As seen on slide 13, excluding capital invested in I-45, our on balance sheet investment portfolio mix was 75% debt and 25% equity at quarter end. The weighted average yield on our debt portfolio was 10.3% for the quarter, flat to the previous quarter.
On slide 14, we break out our investment portfolio between the upper middle market, excluding I-45, and the lower middle market. The portfolio is approximately 50/50 weighted on a cost basis between the two markets.
We had 17 upper middle market investments comprised of first and second lien debt, with an average hold size of $5.6 million, a weighted average EBITDA of $101.3 million, a weighted average yield of 9.6%, and leverage, measured as debt to EBITDA through our security, of four times.
Our lower middle market portfolio consisted of 10 investments comprised of first lien, sub-debt, and equity investments with an average hold size of $9.4 million, a weighted average EBITDA of $7.4 million, a weighted average yield of 11.4%, and leverage through our security of 3.1 times.
As illustrated on slide 15, including our capital invested in I-45, our overall investment portfolio grew to $287 million as of the end of the year, with enhanced diversity and 95% of the invested assets generating yield for our shareholders.
During the March quarter, as seen on slide 16, at our I-45 senior loan fund experienced solid net portfolio growth, increasing portfolio assets to over $200 million from $187 million at the beginning of the quarter, and $99 million at the beginning of the year.

This quarter, I-45 originated $32 million in seven new and four add-on credit investments, while receiving $18 million in proceeds from the prepayment of five credits during the quarter.
As it has grown, the I-45 loan portfolio has maintained a weighted average asset yield in excess of our original business plan and an increasing ROE to Capital Southwest. The run rate recurring ROE to Capital Southwest is currently over 12%.
In recent quarters, however, accelerated OID [ph] and prepayment fees have boosted annualized ROEs to Capital Southwest to levels ranging from 14% to 18%. The I-45 portfolio is virtually all first lien, with diversity among industries and an average hold size of 2.3% of the portfolio. The portfolio has a weighted average EBITDA of $81 million and a weighted average leverage through the I-45 security of three times.
We continue to see robust credit markets in a generally favorable environment for our portfolio companies. In the upper middle market, it has become more difficult to find value as spreads continue to tighten, leverage levels remain high, and many deals include dividend recaps and/or covenant light structures.
In the lower middle market, the flow of quality deals was robust during the quarter. Our pipeline remained solid through the quarter and has continued into the current quarter. We continue to see the banks be conservative in their lending approach. But we are seeing increased competition from non-bank senior lenders levering companies deep into the junior capital levels of the capital structure at very low senior lending rates.
Essentially stretch senior lenders, as they are often called, levering companies to unitranche levels at stretch senior pricing. Overall, the market remains competitive with significant liquidity needing to be put to work among non-bank lenders as well as private equity firms.
As we have previously stated, to mitigate risk in times like these, which we believe is characteristic of being late in the economic cycle, we must aggressively broaden our deal pipeline, but we must maintain both our conservative underwriting approach and high levels of investment discipline.
For example, during the fiscal year 2017, we closed on approximately 1.5% of the lower middle market opportunities we reviewed, and approximately 12.8% of upper middle market opportunities we reviewed.
In every deal we structure and underwrite, we stress test the capital structure by modeling a recession during our hold period equivalent to the Great Recession. As a result, we focus on situations where we can understand how the business and industry performed during the Great Recession, applying capital structures to these businesses that are appropriate for their potential volatility, and invest our shareholders' capital in securities that will remain inside enterprise value with interest being paid during a repeat of such tough times.
While this discipline sometimes causes us to pass on opportunities or lose opportunities we like, we are pleased with the credits we have added to our portfolio, and continue to believe this discipline will pay off in the long run.
I will now hand the call over to Michael Sarner to review the specifics of our financial performance for the quarter.
Michael Sarner
Thanks Bowen. On the capital raising front, during fiscal year 2017, we closed on a $150 million ING Capital led credit facility, consisting of $100 million in commitments from five banks, and a $50 million accordion.
As of March 31, 2017, we had $25 million drawn on their credit facility. In addition, we were able to close on the remainder of the I-45 credit facility commitments led by Deutsche Bank, bringing the facility to its target size of $165 million. As of March 31, 2017, I-45 had $122 million drawn on the facility.

As of the end of the quarter, we had $22 million in balance sheet cash, $75 million available on the ING credit facility and $43 million in additional capacity on the I-45 credit facility, leaving us with significant liquidity to fund investments going forward.
Further, we had a leverage ratio of 0.1 to 1, leaving us substantial running room to increase our balance sheet leverage and drive dividend growth for our shareholders.
Turning to the income statement on slide 18, our investment portfolio produced $7.7 million in investment income this quarter, with a weighted average yield on all investments of 10.5%.
This represented an increase of $900,000 or 13% from the previous quarter's investment income of $6.9 million. The increase was due to net investment growth in the credit portfolio during the quarter and an increase in prepayment fees, as well as an increase in the cash dividend from I-45 generated from short-term realized gains.
We incurred $3.6 million in operating expenses, excluding tax and interest expense, this quarter, an increase of $500,000 or 16% versus $3.1 million in the previous quarter. The increase in operating expenses was due primarily to legal fees related to corporate matters and an increase in our year-end bonus accrual.
For the quarter, we earned pretax net investment income of $3.6 million or $0.22 per share compared to $3.4 million or $0.21 per share in the previous period. We paid a $0.19 per share quarterly dividend along with a $0.26 per share special dividend on April 3rd for the quarter ended March 31st.
Our net investment income exceeded our quarterly dividend this quarter [ph] by $0.03 per share. We continue to focus on growing our quarterly dividends in a sustainable manner. Our dividend coverage over the last 12 months was 115%.
As mentioned on previous calls, as we continue to work toward our goal of receiving approval from the SBA for a new SBIC license with participation in the SBIC debenture program, we would provide updates to our shareholders.
We have received recent feedback from the SBA indicating their preference to monitor our post-spinoff progress and reassess our portfolio once it has had the opportunity to further season. We appreciate the feedback from the SBA and will continue our dialogue with their staff as we continue to build our lower middle market portfolio.
In terms of our capitalization strategy, we have been actively working with banks to further diversify our financing sources. And this delay should not impact our ability to grow our portfolio and achieve a competitive market dividend yield. We will continue to update our shareholders with our progress toward receiving a new SBIC license with participation in the SBIC debenture program in the future.
Finally, this year we conducted a review of our organizational documents and determined that Capital Southwest and its shareholders would benefit from changing Capital Southwest's state of incorporation from Texas to Maryland.
We found that Capital Southwest was the only business development company incorporated in Texas, with most other BDCs incorporated in either Maryland our Delaware due to those states' well-developed case law and familiarity with registered investment companies.
After a full evaluation, the Board of Directors decided that converting Capital Southwest to a Maryland corporation was the most beneficial course of action for our shareholders. In reviewing the details included within the Maryland provisions, the Board of Directors has proactively chosen to opt out of the several Maryland provisions that could restrict shareholder rights in an effort to preserve current shareholder rights and distinguish ourselves from other business development companies incorporated in Maryland.

The proxy statement includes a summary of changes that will result from our proposed conversion. We strongly urge each of our shareholders to read the detailed provided for each provision change included within the proxy and contact either Bowen or myself with any questions you may have.
I will now hand the call back to Bowen for some final comments.
Bowen Diehl
Thanks Michael and thank you to our shareholders for giving us the opportunity to be stewards of your capital, a responsibility that we take very seriously. We continue to thoughtfully and carefully execute our investment strategy with the creation of long-term sustainable shareholder value as our most important goal.
This concludes our prepared remarks. I would like to turn the call over to the operator to open up the line for Q&A.
Question-and-Answer Session
Operator
Thank you. [Operator Instructions]
Our first question comes from the line of Bryce Rowe of Baird. Your line is now open.
Bryce Rowe
Thanks good morning.
Bowen Diehl
Hey Bryce.
Bryce Rowe
Bowen, I was -- maybe you've covered this in past calls, but did want to ask you about the undistributed spillover income on the balance sheet. Just curious how you think about that philosophically, how you think about paying that out to shareholders over the course of time.
Bowen Diehl
Yes, you want to cover that?
Michael Sarner
Sure. So, first of all, thanks for the question, Bryce. First of all, that's built up, first and foremost, by some undistributed realized gains in the past as well as some of the taxable income that we earned this year that wasn't paid out.
We see having a UTI balance is important sort of for the shareholders for a surety on the dividend. We see ourselves paying out a portion in time, certainly not the entire amount, as we think building up and maintaining NAV growth is important to our shareholders.
Bowen Diehl
Yes, I mean like you said, I think paying that out over time is our intent. It does provide surety of the dividend in times where we might have heavy prepayments at the same time as light originations if the market gets really white hot and we're just not comfortable investing.
There's also a benefit as we move towards a time where we're above book and we have an equity offering on the table that it helps cushion the dividends, the J curve effect, if you will, post-equity offer.
Bryce Rowe
Yes, got it. That's helpful. And then appreciate the comments around the market, bifurcating both lower middle market and upper middle market. It sounds like the upper middle market is increasingly competitive and maybe a little less attractive. Do we read into that that maybe future activity, at least over the next couple quarters, will likely be driven by lower middle market activity?
Bowen Diehl
Yes, I mean I would say that's absolutely right. Our lower middle market activity is -- we're finding some pretty attractive opportunities, as you saw in our quarterly release, the deals we closed recently. We've seen similar transactions coming into this quarter.
So, the lower middle market, as we've said before, is our premium product. The upper middle market is important to manage cash inflows and outflows. It's a slightly more liquid market obviously. The spreads for quality deals have been -- have tightened significantly.
I-45 remains a very attractive financing vehicle, given the terms, provisions of that credit facility with Deutsche Bank. So, for the quality companies there's room -- they fit in that vehicle and still create ROEs that make sense for our shareholders.
On our balance sheet, those assets right now -- we're pretty heavily focused on the lower middle market, because we think the value is there where it's tougher on the upper middle market side.
Bryce Rowe
Yes, got it. And then maybe one more for you, Michael. On the expense side of the income statement, you obviously called out some bonus accruals, incentive accruals, as well as some legal expenses. Just curious what portion of that may recur here in the future? Thanks.

Michael Sarner
Sure. So, a portion of this was included in actually in the proxy when we discuss the reincorporation. So, we're seeing about $100,000 to $200,000 of expense that we've spent over the last quarter.
I think we're really at the tail end of that, so some of that is going to go away. And in terms of the bonus accrual the Board had indicated, based on performance for the company, that they increased a few hundred thousand -- $200,000 for the bonus accruals for the entire pool this year. And that's obviously a one-time in nature.
So, we expect really the run rate to come back down to around a $3.4 million to $3.5 million on a quarterly basis.
Bryce Rowe
Great. That's helpful. Thank you, guys. Appreciate it.
Bowen Diehl
Thanks Bryce.
Operator
Thank you. [Operator Instructions]
And I'm showing no further questions at this time. I'd hand the call back over to Bowen Diehl for any closing remarks.
Bowen Diehl
Thank you, operator and thank you all for participating in our call today. We look forward to keeping you apprised of our progress on future quarterly calls. Again, shareholder value creation is our absolute first priority and we intend to work hard to make that happen. Thank you very much and we hope everyone has a great rest of the week.
Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. That does conclude today's program. You can [ph] disconnect. Everyone have a great day.
Copyright policy: All transcripts on this site are the copyright of Seeking Alpha. However, we view them as an important resource for bloggers and journalists, and are excited to contribute to the democratization of financial information on the Internet. (Until now investors have had to pay thousands of dollars in subscription fees for transcripts.) So our reproduction policy is as follows: You may quote up to 400 words of any transcript on the condition that you attribute the transcript to Seeking Alpha and either link to the original transcript or to www.SeekingAlpha.com. All other use is prohibited.
THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HERE IS A TEXTUAL REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL, CONFERENCE PRESENTATION OR OTHER AUDIO PRESENTATION, AND WHILE EFFORTS ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE AUDIO PRESENTATIONS. IN NO WAY DOES SEEKING ALPHA ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S AUDIO PRESENTATION ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.
If you have any additional questions about our online transcripts, please contact us at: transcripts@seekingalpha.com. Thank you!
About this article:ExpandTagged: Financial, Asset Management, TranscriptsError in this transcript? Let us know.Contact us to add your company to our coverage or use transcripts in your business.Learn more about Seeking Alpha transcripts here.Follow SA Transcripts and get email alertsSearch TranscriptThis transcriptFindAll transcriptsFindCompare To:All CSWC TranscriptsOther Companies in this sector










Team - CSWC Capital Southwest










































 





Home

Team



A team dedicated to growing shareholder value The Capital Southwest team brings a long-term perspective and an unrelenting interest in delivering consistent risk-adjusted returns for our shareholders. 

Filter:

All
Board of Directors
Credit Investment Team







Bowen S. Diehl
President, Chief Executive Officer and Director







Michael S. Sarner
Chief Financial Officer







Douglas M. Kelley
Managing Director







William M. Ashbaugh
Managing Director







Josh Weinstein
Managing Director







Matt Darrah
Vice President







Ryan Kelly
Vice President







Spencer Klein
Associate







Michael Knapp
Associate







Rachel Bazan
Associate







Chris Rehberger
VP Finance / Treasurer







Ally Benson
Assistant Controller







Kristine Incavo
Finance Associate







Joseph B. Armes
Chairman







David R. Brooks
Director







Jack D. Furst
Director







T. Duane Morgan
Director







William R. Thomas III
Director







John H. Wilson
Director






 




Financial Stocks including REITs and Investment Companies  | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Financial Stocks including REITs and Investment Companies Doing It Well Is What Separates The Best From The RestEditors' Pick • OHI• Today, 6:45 AM • Brad Thomas•6 CommentsBanco Santander S.A. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesSAN• Today, 6:20 AM • SA TranscriptsBarclays PLC 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesBCS• Today, 5:10 AM • SA TranscriptsFirst Hawaiian 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesFHB• Today, 2:44 AM • SA TranscriptsWashington Primed For A Large Short SqueezeWPG• Today, 1:07 AM • Trapping Value•4 CommentsNVG: A Muni CEF Cornerstone, But Beware The NameNVG• Yesterday, 9:14 PM • Maks F. S.•1 CommentHFF, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesHF• Yesterday, 7:25 PM • SA TranscriptsThis 8.7%-Yielding Monthly-Paying REIT Should Be In Everybody's Dividend PortfolioWSR• Yesterday, 6:24 PM • Achilles Research•15 CommentsGreen Bancorp 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesGNBC• Yesterday, 6:09 PM • SA TranscriptsCNO Financial Group, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesCNO• Yesterday, 5:03 PM • SA TranscriptsRealty Income: What I Feel As A New InvestorO• Yesterday, 5:02 PM • Jonathan Weber•10 CommentsHeritage Insurance Holdings Inc.: Hurricane TestHRTG• Yesterday, 4:14 PM • Christiaan Casper•3 CommentsFirst Merchants Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesFRME• Yesterday, 3:24 PM • SA TranscriptsVisa Is Still Growing FastV• Yesterday, 3:22 PM • Isaac Tang•3 CommentsMacquarie Group Limited (MCQEF) Investor Presentation - SlideshowMCQEF• Yesterday, 3:08 PM • SA TranscriptsSinking: The Curious Case Of CapsteadCMO• Yesterday, 3:06 PM • Quad 7 Capital•3 CommentsImpac Mortgage Holdings (IMH) Investor Presentation - SlideshowIMH• Yesterday, 3:01 PM • SA TranscriptsTriumph Bancorp (TBK) Acquires Valley Bancorp - M&A SlideshowTBK• Yesterday, 2:55 PM • SA TranscriptsBrookfield Real Assets Income Fund (RA) Updates On Q2 2017 Reorganizations - SlideshowRA• Yesterday, 2:53 PM • SA TranscriptsValley National Bancorp (VLY) Acquires USAmeriBancorp (USAB) - SlideshowVLY• Yesterday, 2:51 PM • SA Transcripts•1 CommentFund.com - Peculiar Legal Opportunity With Activist CatalystFNDM• Yesterday, 2:21 PM • Jan Svenda•10 CommentsStarwood Property Trust: Look For Book Value To Grow, Not The DividendSTWD• Yesterday, 2:20 PM • Matthew Utesch•17 CommentsCYS Investments: It's MixedCYS• Yesterday, 2:10 PM • Quad 7 Capital•4 CommentsAnnaly Called NLY-A As I Expected, NLY-D Is Now The Logical ChoiceNLY• Yesterday, 1:28 PM • Colorado Wealth Management Fund•17 CommentsVisa Leads $25 Million Investment Round In MarqetaV• Yesterday, 1:22 PM • Donovan Jones•3 CommentsCEE: Sanctions, What Sanctions?CEE• Yesterday, 1:17 PM • Maks F. S.•3 CommentsWoori Bank: Newly Privatized, Undervalued, And Hitting On All CylindersEditors' Pick • WF• Yesterday, 1:01 PM • Heath White•2 CommentsARMOUR Residential: This One Was ImportantARR• Yesterday, 12:52 PM • Quad 7 Capital•7 CommentsEastgroup Properties: Pushing Through The Houston ProblemEGP• Yesterday, 11:00 AM • Beyond SavingComparing Citigroup To Wells Fargo: Financial Ratio AnalysisC, WFC• Yesterday, 10:40 AM • Chris B Murphy•7 CommentsMasterCard Incorporated 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesMA• Yesterday, 10:39 AM • SA TranscriptsIs Low-Single-Digit Revenue Growth The Best Goldman Sachs Can Do?GS• Yesterday, 10:36 AM • Brian Gilmartin, CFA•11 CommentsKKR 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesKKR• Yesterday, 10:31 AM • SA TranscriptsMasterCard: Why Own Anything Else?MA• Yesterday, 10:08 AM • Quad 7 Capital•7 CommentsBuy This REIT For Its Dividend OnlyOHI• Yesterday, 10:05 AM • Jonathan Weber•54 CommentsAllianceBernstein Holding L.P. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesAB• Yesterday, 9:35 AM • SA TranscriptsAGNC Investment Corp. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesAGNC• Yesterday, 9:22 AM • SA TranscriptsGreat Western Bancorp 2017 Q3 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesGWB• Yesterday, 9:04 AM • SA TranscriptsLazard Ltd. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesLAZ• Yesterday, 8:44 AM • SA Transcripts•1 CommentDividend Aristocrat On Sale, Yield 5.1%, Never Missed A Dividend Hike Since 1994Editors' Pick • SKT• Yesterday, 8:15 AM • Rida Morwa•53 CommentsAnother Value Trap ConundrumEditors' Pick • SBRA• Yesterday, 7:00 AM • Brad Thomas•60 CommentsDeutsche Bank AG 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesDB• Yesterday, 6:45 AM • SA TranscriptsDynex Capital Gets Discounted For Being RealisticDX• Yesterday, 5:27 AM • Colorado Wealth Management Fund•4 CommentsI Put In An Order For AGNCP'S 7.96% Dividend Yield Preferred ShareAGNC• Yesterday, 4:30 AM • Colorado Wealth Management Fund•10 CommentsWestpac Banking And The Prospect Of An Ever Higher Tax BurdenWBK• Wed, Jul. 26, 7:48 PM • Louis Koen•8 CommentsTembec Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesTMBCF• Wed, Jul. 26, 7:38 PM • SA TranscriptsXL Group plc 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesXL• Wed, Jul. 26, 7:09 PM • SA TranscriptsLegg Mason Inc. 2017 Q1 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesLM• Wed, Jul. 26, 7:08 PM • SA TranscriptsDHG: The Register Is Almost Rung!DHG• Wed, Jul. 26, 7:06 PM • Maks F. S.•4 CommentsDiscover Financial Services 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesDFS• Wed, Jul. 26, 7:06 PM • SA Transcripts•2 CommentsIf I Could Buy Just 1 Real Estate StockBPY• Wed, Jul. 26, 6:08 PM • Trapping Value•43 CommentsIn The Already Saturated Market Of Southern California, Can Another Chinese-American Bank Succeed?RBB• Wed, Jul. 26, 5:27 PM • Samantha Hendrie•2 CommentsLadder Capital: Strong Buy On The DropLADR• Wed, Jul. 26, 5:19 PM • Achilles Research•23 CommentsAmeriprise Financial, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesAMP• Wed, Jul. 26, 4:59 PM • SA TranscriptsCanada's Top Insurance Companies: Sun Life FinancialSLF• Wed, Jul. 26, 4:21 PM • Mat Litalien•6 CommentsTPG Specialty Lending: Q2 Earnings Beat Will Likely Drive Special Dividends For This High-Quality BDCTSLX• Wed, Jul. 26, 4:07 PM • BDC Buzz•3 CommentsFirst Commonwealth Financial Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesFCF• Wed, Jul. 26, 3:21 PM • SA TranscriptsBGC Partners, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesBGCP• Wed, Jul. 26, 3:21 PM • SA Transcripts•4 CommentsUnum: Time To Take ProfitsUNM• Wed, Jul. 26, 2:44 PM • MnMInvestor•2 CommentsChemical Financial Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesCHFC• Wed, Jul. 26, 2:36 PM • SA TranscriptsComparing Bank Of America To JPMorgan: Breaking Down Their Income StatementsBAC, JPM• Wed, Jul. 26, 2:25 PM • Chris B Murphy•14 CommentsPTY Could Still Trend HigherPTY• Wed, Jul. 26, 12:45 PM • Dividend Seeker•14 CommentsFlushing Financial Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesFFIC• Wed, Jul. 26, 12:36 PM • SA TranscriptsPopular, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesBPOP• Wed, Jul. 26, 12:00 PM • SA TranscriptsEastGroup Properties Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesEGP• Wed, Jul. 26, 11:54 AM • SA TranscriptsBuy Regions Financial Corporation For Moderate Growth And IncomeRF• Wed, Jul. 26, 11:50 AM • Bobak Forouzan•5 CommentsGBAB - Best Performing Build America Bond Portfolio?GBAB• Wed, Jul. 26, 11:28 AM • Maks F. S.•10 CommentsTRI Pointe Homes 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesTPH• Wed, Jul. 26, 11:12 AM • SA TranscriptsBOK Financial Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesBOKF• Wed, Jul. 26, 11:06 AM • SA TranscriptsCentral Pacific Financial Corp. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesCPF• Wed, Jul. 26, 10:57 AM • SA TranscriptsSterling Bancorp 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesSTL• Wed, Jul. 26, 10:48 AM • SA TranscriptsGet Twice The Market's Dividend Yield With A Big And Cheap BankCM• Wed, Jul. 26, 10:38 AM • Jonathan Weber•18 CommentsMarketAxess Holdings, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesMKTX• Wed, Jul. 26, 10:29 AM • SA TranscriptsCitigroup: 2020 VisionC• Wed, Jul. 26, 10:26 AM • FIG Ideas•7 CommentsThe Strategy Behind The Dividend Champion DominanceO• Wed, Jul. 26, 10:11 AM • Colorado Wealth Management Fund•15 Comments123456...659Next Page














Capital Southwest Corporation Appoints Bowen S. Diehl Chief Investment Officer - TheStreet




































































 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 








































Capital Southwest Corporation Appoints Bowen S. Diehl Chief Investment Officer






GlobeNewswire



Feb 26, 2014 4:30 PM EST













 




























































    DALLAS, Feb. 26, 2014 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Capital Southwest Corporation (Nasdaq:CSWC) today announced the appointment of Bowen S. Diehl as Senior Vice President and Chief Investment Officer, effective March 17, 2014. Mr. Diehl brings almost 20 years of experience in sourcing, structuring, and managing investments in a variety of industries. Mr. Diehl comes to CSWC from American Capital, Ltd. where he has been a Managing Director since 2007. Mr. Diehl originally joined American Capital as a Vice President in 2001 and was promoted to Principal in 2004. During his tenure at American Capital, he has closed investments in 15 platform companies and numerous add-on acquisitions, representing over $1.1 billion of invested capital. Mr. Diehl's investments have been in a variety of industries including industrial manufacturing, healthcare, business services, and consumer finance. Prior to joining American Capital, Mr. Diehl was a Vice President in Investment Banking at Merrill Lynch where he gained experience working with companies in the exploration and production, oilfield services, natural gas pipeline, natural gas gathering and processing, homebuilding and semiconductor sectors. Prior to joining Merrill Lynch, Mr. Diehl was a Vice President in the Global Oil and Gas Group at Chase Securities Inc., in New York, NY and then in Houston, TX, completing numerous transactions in the upstream and midstream oil and gas sectors.    Joseph B. Armes, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Capital Southwest, commented, "We are absolutely delighted to have Bowen join the Capital Southwest leadership team. He brings a long and successful track record of middle market investing and will provide valuable leadership in pursuing our objectives of building great companies and creating shareholder value."   Mr. Diehl stated, "I am pleased to join Capital Southwest and its talented leadership team. Capital Southwest is a unique investment platform that provides a compelling opportunity to create long-term shareholder value. I look forward to working with Joe and his team as we seek to deliver attractive risk adjusted returns for our shareholders."  



 








 










































If you liked this article you might like













Insider Trading Alert - CSWC, LII And MBTF Traded By Insiders
Stocks with insider trader activity include CSWC, LII and MBTF



TheStreet Wire

Mar 22, 2016 10:15 AM EDT
























Insider Trading Alert - EXA, CSWC And MUX Traded By Insiders
Stocks with insider trader activity include EXA, CSWC and MUX



TheStreet Wire

Dec 21, 2015 12:00 PM EST
























Insider Trading Alert - EPR, SUP And CSWC Traded By Insiders
Stocks with insider trader activity include EPR, SUP and CSWC



TheStreet Wire

Nov 24, 2015 10:15 AM EST
























Insider Trading Alert - OXFD, CSWC And CVS Traded By Insiders
Stocks with insider trader activity include OXFD, CSWC and CVS



TheStreet Wire

Jun 3, 2015 2:15 PM EDT








































 











Trending


I Believe 'Ugly' Would Be the Proper Term for the Selloff: Market Recon


Amazon Falls, Obamacare Repeal Fails - 5 Things You Must Know Before the Market Opens


Twitter's Jack Dorsey on the Hot Seat Again After Company Adds ZERO New Users


Tesla's Model 3 Arrives on Friday -- Here's Everything You Need to Know About This Over-Hyped Ride


The Stock Market Rally Is Being Ripped Apart -- Watch 'Five Before the Bell'











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 

















Capital Southwest To Spin Off Industrial Unit To Shareholders - Stock Spinoffs

































































Stock Spinoffs
Finding Value in Special Situations















Capital Southwest To Spin Off Industrial Unit To Shareholders



		By        
Inelegant Investor

|
January 27, 2015


0 Comment





Much like Real Estate Investment Trusts(REITs), Business Development Companies(BDCs) are a corporate structure that bypasses corporate taxes, and has shareholders pay taxes at their own rates, according to their ownership. Capital Southwest Corporation(CSWC) is a Dallas-based BDC which has built up an Industrials business through decades of acquisitions. In December, CEO Joe Armes announced a plan to spin off the firm’s Industrials group. Armes, a former executive for Tom Hicks, will be CEO of the Industrials group after the spinoff.
Capital Southwest’s Chief Investment Officer, Bowen S. Diehl, who is expected to become Chief Executive Officer of CSWC after the transaction is complete, stated: “Upon completion of the separation, CSWC is expected to have a significant capital base, which we intend to leverage to build an investment portfolio with attractive risk-adjusted returns to support a competitive market dividend. We are confident that over time this strategy will enable CSWC to trade at or above net asset value.”
The Industrials company will consist of three platforms, which had combined 2014 revenue of $220 million and EBITDA of $47 million.


The RectorSeal Corporation (“RectorSeal”), which manufactures specialty chemical products and control devices for plumbing, HVAC, electrical and industrial applications;
The Whitmore Manufacturing Company (“Whitmore”), which manufactures high performance, specialty lubricants for heavy equipment used in surface mining, railroads and other industries, lubrication equipment specifically for rail applications and lubrication-centric reliability solutions for a wide variety of industries. Whitmore also produces water-based coatings for the automotive and primary metals industries; and
Jet-Lube, Inc. (“Jet-Lube”), which manufactures specialty lubricants and other products used in oil field and industrial applications.


RectorSeal has continued to acquire complementary assets with its recent acquisition of SureSeal.

With the acquisition of SureSeal, RectorSeal continues to build upon its track record for identifying and executing strategic acquisitions that profitably expand its product offering,” said Joseph B. Armes, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Capital Southwest.
The acquisition of SureSeal represents the 27th acquisition by RectorSeal since 1991.
“SureSeal is established as the premier brand in this category, therefore it’s a natural fit that provides RectorSeal with an outstanding growth opportunity.” said David Smith, President of RectorSeal.
RectorSeal continues to seek acquisitions and partnership opportunities with manufacturers serving the plumbing, HVAC/R, electrical and fire protection markets.

Capital Southwest has, meanwhile, been filling out its executive team.

Douglas M. Kelley has joined the Company as Senior Vice President and Managing Director, and as a senior member of the Capital Southwest investment team, reporting to Bowen Diehl, Chief Investment Officer.
“We are well on our way to launching our previously announced credit-focused investment strategy of lending to strong middle-market companies, and the inclusion of Doug onto the Capital Southwest team is another pivotal step,” said Mr. Diehl. “Doug’s broad network of relationships across the private equity industry will make a significant impact on our origination and deal execution capability. His long and impressive track record of originating, structuring, closing and managing a portfolio of debt and equity investments will give us the horsepower necessary to build our business and create shareholder value. Having previously worked with Doug for almost ten years and seeing firsthand how he operates, I am elated that he will be joining our team at Capital Southwest.”
“I am excited to join Capital Southwest and be part of creating a new leader in our industry,” said Mr. Kelley. “Capital Southwest has a very strong team and I believe a real opportunity to create lasting value for its shareholders. I look forward to hitting the ground running and making a positive impact on our business.”

The parent will continue as a pure BDC

CSWC will maintain operations as an internally-managed business development company (“BDC”) and pursue a credit-focused investing strategy akin to similarly structured organizations. The business will continue to provide capital to middle-market companies in the Southwest and across the country that have strong management teams and have demonstrated sound financial performance. It will focus on generating current income that will allow shareholders to receive a market based dividend in a tax efficient manner. CSWC intends to primarily invest in debt securities, including senior “unitranche” debt, second lien and subordinated debt, and may also invest in preferred stock and common stock alongside its debt investments or through warrants.
 
The company’s strategy of separating its mature operating assets from its investment platform seems sound and likely to enhance value for shareholders.  We are particularly intrigued by the industrial arm that Mr. Armes will be leaving to run.
Disclosure: The author holds no position in any stock mentioned.
 












Search for:



 




















Capital Southwest Corporation Appoints Bowen S. Diehl Chief Investment Officer (NASDAQ:CSWC)
























 


#Langlib.SEC_Filing_Print#




Feb 26, 2014



 Previous Release | Next Release 


PDF


Capital Southwest Corporation Appoints Bowen S. Diehl Chief Investment Officer
Transformation of Management Team Continues

DALLAS, Feb. 26, 2014 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Capital Southwest Corporation (Nasdaq:CSWC) today announced the appointment of Bowen S. Diehl as Senior Vice President and Chief Investment Officer, effective March 17, 2014. Mr. Diehl brings almost 20 years of experience in sourcing, structuring, and managing investments in a variety of industries. Mr. Diehl comes to CSWC from American Capital, Ltd. where he has been a Managing Director since 2007. Mr. Diehl originally joined American Capital as a Vice President in 2001 and was promoted to Principal in 2004. During his tenure at American Capital, he has closed investments in 15 platform companies and numerous add-on acquisitions, representing over $1.1 billion of invested capital. Mr. Diehl's investments have been in a 
variety of industries including industrial manufacturing, healthcare, business services, and consumer finance. Prior to joining American Capital, Mr. Diehl was a Vice President in Investment Banking at Merrill Lynch where he gained experience working with companies in the exploration and production, oilfield services, natural gas pipeline, natural gas gathering and processing, homebuilding and semiconductor sectors. Prior to joining Merrill Lynch, Mr. Diehl was a Vice President in the Global Oil and Gas Group at Chase Securities Inc., in New York, NY and then in Houston, TX, completing numerous transactions in the upstream and midstream oil and gas sectors.  

	Joseph B. Armes, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Capital Southwest, commented, "We are absolutely delighted to have Bowen join the Capital Southwest leadership team. He brings a long and successful track record of middle market investing and will provide valuable leadership in pursuing our objectives of building great companies and creating shareholder value." 

	Mr. Diehl stated, "I am pleased to join Capital Southwest and its talented leadership team. Capital Southwest is a unique investment platform that provides a compelling opportunity to create long-term shareholder value. I look forward to working with Joe and his team as we seek to deliver attractive risk adjusted returns for our shareholders."

	Mr. Diehl earned a Bachelor of Engineering degree, with majors in Environmental/Geotechnical Engineering and Economics, from Vanderbilt University and a Masters of Business Administration from the University of Texas at Austin.

	Mr. Diehl is replacing Glenn Neblett, who is leaving the company to pursue other opportunities. "I want to personally thank Glenn for the contributions he has made to the success of Capital Southwest over the past few years. We wish Glenn all the best," said Mr. Armes.

	About Capital Southwest Corporation

	Capital Southwest Corporation (Nasdaq:CSWC) is a Dallas, Texas-based publicly traded investment company that makes private equity investments. Since Capital Southwest was formed in 1961, we have always sought to invest in companies with strong management teams and sound financial performance. As a public company, we are fortunate to have the flexibility to hold investments indefinitely. It is our dedication to this patient investment strategy that enables our portfolio companies to achieve their full potential. Visit our website www.capitalsouthwest.com to learn about our investment criteria and how our capital can enhance your company's growth.

	This press release may contain historical information and forward-looking statements within the meaning of The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 with respect to the business, financial condition and results of operations of the Company. The words "believe," "expect," "intend," "plan," "should" and similar expressions are intended to identify forward looking statements. Such statements reflect the current views, assumptions and expectations of the Company with respect to future events and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Many factors could cause the actual results, performance or achievements of the Company to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements that may be expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements, including, among others, changes in the markets in which the Company operates and in general economic and business 
conditions, competitive pressures, changes in business strategy and various other factors, both referenced and not referenced in this press release. Certain factors that may affect the Company and its results of operations, are included in the "Risk Factors" section of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2013 and the Company's subsequent periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Company does not assume any obligation to update these forward-looking statements. This release may also contain non-GAAP financial measures. These measures are included to facilitate meaningful comparisons of our results to those in prior periods and future periods and to allow a better evaluation of our operating performance, in management's opinion. Our reference to any non-GAAP measures should not be considered as a substitute for results that 
are presented in a manner consistent with GAAP. These non-GAAP measures are provided only to enhance investors overall understanding of our financial performance.CONTACT: Media contacts:

         Lisa LeMaster or

         Rick Ericson

         The LeMaster Group/(214)706-6000










 


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















Diehl, Bowen S. - The Wall Street Transcript











































 





































Bowen S. Diehl
Bowen S. Diehl is President and Chief Executive Officer of Capital Southwest Corporation and leads the firm’s investment activities and strategic direction. Mr. Diehl joined Capital Southwest as Chief Investment Officer in 2014. He brings almost 20 years of experience in sourcing, structuring and managing investments in a variety of industries. Mr. Diehl came to Capital Southwest from American Capital, Ltd., which he joined in 2001 and was a managing director since 2007. He has closed investments in 15 platform companies and several add-on acquisitions, representing over $1.1 billion of invested capital. Mr. Diehl’s investments have been in a variety of industries including industrial manufacturing, health care, business services and consumer finance. Mr. Diehl earned a Bachelor of Engineering degree, with majors in environmental/geotechnical engineering and economics, from Vanderbilt University and a Master of Business Administration from the University of Texas at Austin.
Related Interviews:Interview with the President and CEO: Capital Southwest Corporation (NASDAQ:CSWC)March 28, 2016Interview with the President and CEO and the CFO: Capital Southwest Corporation (NASDAQ:CSWC)December 11, 2015







CartLatest NewsAll American USC Footbal Player Joseph M. Boskovich Jr. Now Picks All American Value Stocks for his ClientsPaul Hogan Picks Tech Dividend Growers Microchip Technology (NASDAQ:MCHP), Xilinx (NASDAQ:XLNX) and Versum Materials (NYSE:VSM)600 Gallons of Water to Produce a McDonalds (NYSE:MCD) Quarter Pounder:  How Will Investors Profit?The Wall Street Transcript is a completely unique resource for investors and business researchers.Over 20,000 CEO, Equity Analyst and Money Manager InterviewsSubscribe now!Sign Up For Newsletter Weekly email with New In-Depth Interviews


Email: 



Most Popular InterviewsBuilding Diversified Portfolios with Quality Global EquitiesGregory D. PadillaAlberto Jimenez Crespo Published July 27, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: AMZN 005930 AAPL MU WHR KIMBERA GS VOD PPG SHW VIV PEY Buy ($25)Building Accountability and Avoiding Mistakes Through the Decision ProcessDean  Pagonis Published July 27, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: CMP SBH AMZN ULTA CVS LRLCY KMB WWW SDF Buy ($25)Finding Optimal Balance Sheets by Utilizing High Yield Market ExpertiseZach  Miller Published July 27, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: LSXMK SIRI BLL CHTR ARMK Buy ($25)Most Popular ReportsInvesting Strategies Published July 24, 2017Buy ($175)Wireless Communications & Telecom Published July 14, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published July 11, 2017Buy ($175) 






Top Company Interviews






Register for a Free Account to gain greater access to
            The Wall Street Transcript right now




CEO INTERVIEWSInterview with the President and CEO: Lumos Networks Corp. (NASDAQ:LMOS)Interview with the Corporate VP of Business Development, Strategy and Investor Relations: DSP Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:DSPG)Interview with the CEO and Director: Tactile Systems Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:TCMD) 

SECTOR ROUNDTABLESNatural Gas Weighs Heavy On E&P Near-Term ProspectsRoundtable Forum:optimism Despite Uncertainty In For-profit EducationRoundtable Forum:a Shift In Focus To Natural Gas From Oil 

MONEY MANAGER INTERVIEWSBuilding Diversified Portfolios with Quality Global EquitiesBuilding Accountability and Avoiding Mistakes Through the Decision ProcessFinding Optimal Balance Sheets by Utilizing High Yield Market Expertise 

ANALYST INTERVIEWSAnalyzing the Secular Drivers Within Communications Infrastructure and TelecomSatellite Companies Benefiting from Growth in Data TrafficIncreased Focus on Content as Consumers Shift to Digital Consumption 




Subscribe Today!







                Since 1963
                © The Wall Street Transcript 1997-2016
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy  
            





https://www.twst.com/wp-admin/admin-ajax.php

Pin It on Pinterest





































Share This





Twitter





Facebook





Google+





Gmail





LinkedIn








































×





Join now for free!
Already a member?






First Name 





Last Name 





Email address *








Create new account
 


or create an account with a social network.

Join with Facebook


Join with Twitter


Join with Google








Username or Email address: *





Password: *






LoginJoin now! | Forgot password?
 


or login using a social network


Log in with Facebook


Log in with Twitter


Log in with Google












