










 










        Diffeo | Uncover the whole story
    









































Hey Beta Testers! Thanks a ton for helping us out. Click here to skip our wait list!
    	Start searching today!



You have powerful friends - Thanks to them you can skip our wait list!
    	Start searching today!



Psst! Alfred users - Get instant access today, sign up to skip our waitlist!
    	Start searching today!



Welcome Netted readers! We've hit the 500 person limit, but you can still sign up for the waitlist!
    






Your AI-powered research assistant
 Diffeo seamlessly connects to your authoring tools and browser to show you what you’re missing.
                







Sign up for early access

 How does it work?



How does it work?

 Request a Demo










David Allen





























































Understands your context
With every line you read and write, Diffeo learns what matters to your research. Behind the scenes, it uses that context to build a dynamic graph of relevant people, organizations, places, and events.







Explores content for you
Diffeo actively explores the web and your internal data using automatically formulated queries in 18+ languages.







Presents insights in real time
Diffeo discovers critical entity connections and displays recommendations alongside your work. Every insight is backed up by contextual evidence.







Your knowledge graph
Every edge on the Knowledge Board is backed up by websites, documents, and emails that Diffeo has discovered across the web, your internal search portals, email, and shared drives.







Seamlessly integrated into your workflow
Diffeo connects with your favorite authoring tools and browsers so that you don't have to change your existing workflows.

...and more on the way!






Our Partners






Find out how much you don't know with Diffeo.


Request a Demo





























        Advanced Discovery | Diffeo
    







































Hey Beta Testers! Thanks a ton for helping us out. Click here to skip our wait list!
    	Start searching today!



You have powerful friends - Thanks to them you can skip our wait list!
    	Start searching today!



Psst! Alfred users - Get instant access today, sign up to skip our waitlist!
    	Start searching today!



Welcome Netted readers! We've hit the 500 person limit, but you can still sign up for the waitlist!
    






Your AI-powered research assistant
 Diffeo seamlessly connects to your authoring tools and browser to show you what you’re missing.
                







Sign up for early access

 How does it work?



How does it work?

 Request a Demo










David Allen





























































Understands your context
With every line you read and write, Diffeo learns what matters to your research. Behind the scenes, it uses that context to build a dynamic graph of relevant people, organizations, places, and events.







Explores content for you
Diffeo actively explores the web and your internal data using automatically formulated queries in 18+ languages.







Presents insights in real time
Diffeo discovers critical entity connections and displays recommendations alongside your work. Every insight is backed up by contextual evidence.







Your knowledge graph
Every edge on the Knowledge Board is backed up by websites, documents, and emails that Diffeo has discovered across the web, your internal search portals, email, and shared drives.







Seamlessly integrated into your workflow
Diffeo connects with your favorite authoring tools and browsers so that you don't have to change your existing workflows.

...and more on the way!






Our Partners






Find out how much you don't know with Diffeo.


Request a Demo



























Security | Diffeo 


































Security
The security of our users is very important to us at Diffeo. Every choice we make and feature we add is examined with security in mind.
This document primarily describes the security practices of Diffeo Cloud Search. For additional information about our Advanced Discovery and Enterprise products, contact us at sales@diffeo.com.
What We Store
To provide you with lightning-fast search across all your cloud platforms and devices with Cloud Search, and help you dig deeper with Advanced Discovery, Diffeo stores certain pieces of information about your content, as well as usage data from your interactions with Diffeo services.
Cloud Account Tokens
When you integrate a cloud service with Diffeo, the industry standard OAuth 2.0 protocol is used to synchronize your account. The credentials that Diffeo receives are then automatically encrypted before they are stored or transmitted, and are only accessible from within our cloud system. Even if someone were to gain access to your Diffeo account, they still would not have access to the decrypted version of these credentials, so your other cloud accounts would remain safe and secure.
File Metadata
To automatically tag your files and provide you with the best possible search quality, Diffeo processes the content of your files. Where possible, Diffeo only sends extracted text from the document, leaving behind the rest of the content. The parts of a file that do get uploaded are encrypted by Google Cloud Platform’s built in tools and by Diffeo with industry standard AES-256 encryption. Employees of Diffeo do not have direct access to your files.
As soon as a file’s content enters our system, Diffeo analyzes it to produce tags and other searchable information from the document. These tags are sent to our database and search indices. Once the tags are stored, Diffeo erases the file from our system. Diffeo does not store your files.
Once your files have been analyzed, the basic Diffeodata and extracted tags are stored in search indices that allow the most relevant results to be retrieved extremely quickly. Currently, this information is kept on high-performance enterprise servers hosted by Algolia. Their enterprise tier provides us with dedicated hardware specific to Diffeo. Once the tags and Diffeodata we’ve extracted from your files are in this search index, no one has access to that content but you.
Usage Information
To continually improve the search quality and user experience that Diffeo provides, we leverage a number of common technologies that give us insight into user behavior. To monitor the performance, we use New Relic for our web and mobile apps. We also collect bug and crash report data through Sentry and Crashlytics.
As you modify and interact with files, Diffeo receives notifications from your cloud services and your Mac Client to efficiently keep your files up to date. We also keep track of search activity through an internal metrics system that securely stores data within Google Cloud Platform. This information is used to continually improve the quality of our searches and the user experience that Diffeo provides. Diffeo also reacts to your usage in real time to improve the quality of search results that you see.
Stripe Billing Token
Diffeo does not store billing information. Instead, we partner with industry leader Stripe to provide a secure payment solution. Stripe is used by a wide variety of companies across every industry.
More
As our technology needs evolve and as we grow as a company, the technologies and platforms that we use may change. The information present on this page describes the current state of the system and may change over time. For more detailed information, please consult our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
Web Security Standards
We use HTTPS with the strictest security settings to ensure that users are always communicating securely with our servers. We also use a number of web security features to ensure that users can only communicate with us over encrypted connections.
Our services at accounts.diffeo.com use OpenSSL FIPS 140-2 Certified cryptography for HTTPS connections. Cryptography that is FIPS 140-2 certified has been approved for use by NIST. We also make use of Amazon Web Services, which provides information about it’s use of FIPS 140-2 here.



Ongoing Security Efforts
We constantly audit our application for security vulnerabilities.
If you are a security researcher and have an issue to report, please responsibly disclose it to us. You can send us an email at security@diffeo.com. We also have a bug bounty program set up at hackerone.com/diffeo that is currently in invitation-only mode. We plan to launch it publicly in the near future. If you would like to take part in that program now, just send us an email.
























Terms of Service | Diffeo 


































Diffeo Terms of Service
Thank you for choosing Diffeo. We think you’ll enjoy our platform, which is governed by the following Terms of Service ("Agreement").
Diffeo, Inc. ("Diffeo," "we" or "us") provides and operates the Diffeo services though our downloadable applications (the "Diffeo Apps") and the Diffeo website (the "Diffeo Website"), which may be modified from time to time in our sole discretion (collectively, the "Services"). By registering with us, or by using the Services, you agree to be bound by this Agreement, which we may change at any time by posting a notice on the Diffeo Website and/or the Diffeo Apps. Your continued use of the Services constitutes your consent to such changes. PLEASE READ THIS AGREEMENT CAREFULLY AND CHECK THESE TERMS OF USE PERIODICALLY FOR CHANGES. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS OF USE, YOU MAY NOT USE THE SERVICES.
1. Conditions on Using the Services
a) Basic Terms. We may, in our sole discretion, refuse to offer the Services to any person or entity. We may, without notice and in our sole discretion, terminate your right to use the Services, or any portion of thereof, and block or prevent your future access to and use of the Services or any portion thereof.
b) Your Account. A Diffeo account is required in order to use the Services. You agree to provide only accurate and true information in connection with the creation of your account, and to update your information as necessary so it remains accurate and current. You may not transfer your account to any third party. You are responsible for keeping your account login information confidential and for any and all activities that occur under your account. You agree to notify us immediately if you suspect or become aware of any unauthorized use of your account or other breach of security on the Services.
c) Privacy Policy. Our Privacy Policy, which describes how we may collect and use your information, may be viewed on and is incorporated into and considered a part of this Agreement. By using the Services, you agree that your information may be collected and used in accordance with our Privacy Policy and this Agreement.
d) Minors. THE SERVICES ARE NOT INTENDED FOR CHILDREN UNDER 13, and persons under the age of 13 are prohibited from registering with or using the Services. You represent and warrant that you are more than 18 years of age or, if you are above 13 and below 18 years of age, you are an emancipated minor, or possess legal parental or guardian consent, and are fully able and competent to abide by and comply with the terms, conditions, obligations, affirmations, representations, and warranties set forth in this Agreement. This provision is void where prohibited by law and the right to access the Sites and Services is revoked in such jurisdictions.
e) Paid Accounts. If applicable, you may be accessing the Service by choosing and paying for one of the paid account plans available and detailed on our Pricing page. You may cancel your Diffeo paid account at any time but you won’t be issued a refund. Your paid account will remain in effect until it’s cancelled or terminated under these Terms. If you don’t pay for your Paid Account on time, we reserve the right to suspend it or reduce the Service levels accessible to you accordingly. We may change the fees in effect but will give you advance notice of these changes via a message to the email address associated with your account.
2. Ownership and Content
a) Generally. By using the Services, you will encounter "Diffeo Content," which includes all of the images, text, information, data, audio, video, graphics and other material included on or otherwise made available through the Services, via either the Diffeo Apps or the Diffeo Website, excluding User Content. "User Content" which includes all of the files, file structures, and other data that you submit to us, or which we must access, in order to provide the Services to you. Except as otherwise set forth in this Agreement we do not claim ownership over any User Content, and each user is solely responsible for any User Content that they provide to us via the Services.
b) Ownership. All Diffeo Content is owned by Diffeo, Inc. or its licensors, and is protected by U.S. and international copyright laws, trademark laws and/or other proprietary rights and laws. As between you and Diffeo, Inc. and its licensors, Diffeo, Inc. or its licensors own and retain, solely and exclusively, all rights, title and interest in and to the Services, and all Diffeo Content that we or our licensors create and that we make available to you through the Services, including but not limited to any and all copyrights, trademark rights, trade secret rights, patent rights, database rights and other intellectual property and proprietary rights therein. DIFFEO and all associated logos and the other trademarks, service marks, logos and trade names displayed on or in connection with the Services are the registered and unregistered trademarks and service marks of Diffeo, Inc. or third parties in the United States and/or other countries. Your use of the Services does not grant you any ownership over any Diffeo Content, and except for the limited license we grant you under this Agreement, your use of the Services does not grant you any license or permission under any copyright, trademark or other intellectual property rights of Diffeo, Inc. or any third party. We reserve all rights not expressly granted to you in this Agreement.
c) Service and Content License. We grant you a limited, non-exclusive, non-sublicensable and non-transferable license to use the Services as they are provided to you by us, only as set forth in this Agreement and in the manner described here. Except as expressly permitted in this Agreement, you may not reproduce, distribute, adapt, modify, translate, create derivative works from, publish or otherwise use any portion of the Services or Diffeo Content for any purpose without express prior written permission from us or the applicable rights holder. Any commercial exploitation of the Services or Diffeo Content without express prior written permission from us or the applicable rights holder is strictly prohibited.
d) Software. The Diffeo App, and all other software and software-as-a-service (SAAS) used in connection with the Services ("Software") is proprietary to us or to third parties, and except as may be required to exercise the foregoing license grant, any use, redistribution, sale, decompilation, reverse engineering, disassembly, translation or reduction of such software to human-readable form is prohibited. You agree that we may update the Software without notice, at any time and in our sole discretion, and that this Agreement will apply to any updated versions.
3. User Content
a) Generally. You are solely responsible for ensuring that any User Content you submit to the Services complies with any applicable laws and third party rights, including but not limited to any intellectual property rights, privacy rights and publicity rights. You agree that any information included in your User Content may be used in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
b) User Feedback. We appreciate your feedback and suggestions about our Services, but you agree that any feedback or suggestions submitted to us about the Services are entirely voluntary and that we will be free to use any such feedback or suggestions as we see fit and without any obligation to you.
c) License to Diffeo, Inc. During the operation of the Services, we may access, scan, copy, modify, view metadata, and otherwise manipulate your User Content on a temporary basis solely to provide the Services as set forth under this Agreement. We do not claim any ownership rights in your User Content, and you remain the owner of any intellectual property rights that you have in your User Content. By using the Services, you grant Diffeo, Inc. a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, sub-licensable (through multiple tiers) right and license to use, reproduce, adapt, modify, translate, and create derivative works from your User Content, solely for the purposes of developing, distributing, providing, and improving the Services.
d) User Representations. By submitted User Content, you represent and warrant that (i) you own or otherwise control all of the rights to your User Content, (ii) the use of your User Content does not violate this Agreement or the law, and will not violate any rights of or cause injury to any person or entity, and (iii) your User Content will not violate the content restrictions set forth in Section 3(f) of this Agreement.
e) Right to Monitor or Remove. You agree that you, and bear all risks associated with, your User Content. Diffeo, Inc. does not permanently store entire files on its servers. However, we do not permit the infringement of intellectual property rights on the Services, and will remove User Content from the Services if properly notified that such User Content infringes on another’s intellectual property rights. We reserve the right to remove User Content from the Services, in whole or in part, without prior notice, for any reason or for no reason at all. Without limiting our right to terminate a user pursuant to Section 9 of this Agreement, we reserve the right to terminate the account of any user of the Services who has been notified of infringing activity more than twice and/or has had User Content removed from the Service more than twice. We also reserve the right to decide whether User Content is appropriate and complies with this Agreement for violations other than violations of intellectual property law. We may remove any User Content and/or terminate a user account for uploading such material in violation of this Agreement at any time, without prior notice and at our sole discretion.
f) Restrictions. You agree that you will not use the Services to:

i. Promote any illegal activity, or advocate, promote or assist any unlawful act;
ii. Violate the legal rights (including the rights of publicity and privacy) of others or contain any material that could give rise to any civil or criminal liability under applicable laws or regulations or that otherwise may be in conflict with this Agreement and our Privacy Policy;
iii. Transmit any pornographic, obscene, offensive, threatening, harassing, libelous, hate-oriented, harmful, defamatory, racist, illegal, or otherwise objectionable material or content;
iv. Transmit any material or content that attempts to falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your identity or affiliation with a person or entity;
v. Transmit material or content that promotes, provides, or relates to instructional information about illegal activities or promotes physical harm or injury against any individual or group;
vi. Transmit or otherwise make available any unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, "junk mail," "spam," "chain letters," "pyramid
schemes," or any other form of solicitation;
vii. Transmit or encourage the transmission of any material that may infringe the intellectual property rights or other rights of third parties, including trademark, copyright, or right of publicity; and
viii. Transmit any nude or sexually suggestive photos.

4. Other Websites and Services
The Services may contain links and features that enable you to access other third-party websites or services that are not owned or controlled by us. We do not control these websites or services, and we are not responsible for the contents of any linked site. A link does not imply endorsement of, sponsorship  of, or affiliation with the linked site by Diffeo, Inc. Please exercise caution before proceeding to any third-party website or entering into any transaction with third parties linked to from the Services. Our Services contain features that permit you to interact with various services provided by third parties, including Dropbox, Google, Evernote, Trello, and Slack. By using these features, you agree to abide by the Terms of Services that apply to each third-party service. The owners of these other services do not sponsor or endorse our Services.
5. Warranty Disclaimers, Limitations of Liability, Indemnity
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES. Diffeo, Inc. makes no representations or warranties of any kind regarding the Services or the Diffeo Content. YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" FOR YOUR USE, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, UNLESS SUCH WARRANTIES ARE LEGALLY INCAPABLE OF EXCLUSION. DIFFEO, INC. EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING: (i) ALL WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, NONINFRINGEMENT, AND ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES ARISING FROM COURSE OF DEALING AND USAGE OF TRADE; (ii) THAT THE SERVICES, WEBSITE AND THE DIFFEO CONTENT WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, WILL ALWAYS BE AVAILABLE, ACCESSIBLE, UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE OR OPERATE WITHOUT ERROR; (iii) AS TO THE RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE OPERATION, USE OR OTHER EXPLOITATION OF THE SERVICES, WEBSITE OR THE DIFFEO CONTENT; AND (iv) AS TO THE ACCURACY OR RELIABILITY OF ANY INFORMATION OBTAINED FROM THE SERVICES, WEBSITE OR THE DIFFEO CONTENT. No advice or information obtained by you from Diffeo, Inc., or otherwise through the Services, will create any warranty not expressly stated herein.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. DIFFEO, INC. WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OF ANY KIND ARISING FROM THE USE OF THE SERVICE OR FROM ANY INFORMATION, DIFFEO CONTENT, MATERIALS, PRODUCTS (INCLUDING SOFTWARE) OR SERVICES INCLUDED ON OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE TO YOU THROUGH THE SERVICE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, AND CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, UNLESS OTHERWISE SPECIFIED IN WRITING.
CERTAIN STATE LAWS DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN DAMAGES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY TO YOU, SOME OR ALL OF THE ABOVE DISCLAIMERS, EXCLUSIONS, OR LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU, AND YOU MIGHT HAVE ADDITIONAL RIGHTS.
Indemnity. You agree to indemnify and hold Diffeo, Inc. and its affiliates, subsidiaries, owners, directors, officers, employees and agents harmless from and against any and all claims, demands, suits, proceedings, liabilities, judgments, losses, damages, expenses and costs (including without limitation reasonable attorneys’ fees) assessed or incurred by Diffeo, Inc., directly or indirectly, with respect to or arising out of: (i) your failure to comply with this Agreement; (ii) your breach of your obligations under this Agreement; (iii) your use of the rights granted hereunder, including without limitation any claims made by any third parties; (iv) your violation of any third party right, including without limitation any intellectual property, right of publicity, or privacy right; and/or (v) any claim that any of your User Content caused damage to a third party.
6. Copyright Claims
Diffeo, Inc. complies with the provisions of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA) applicable to internet service providers (17 U.S.C. § 512, as amended), and responds to clear notices of alleged copyright infringement.
In the event you believe that any Content on the Services infringes your copyright, then please file a notice of infringement with our designated agent:

Diffeo, Inc.
Attn: Copyright Agent
15 Crescent Street, Cambridge, MA 02138, USA
info@diffeo.com

Electronic notification is preferred. To be effective, any notice submitted to our Copyright Agent must comply with the requirements set forth at 17 U.S.C. § 512©(3). That means that the notice must include substantially the following:

A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed;
Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site;
Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the material;
Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the material;
A statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and


6. A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that you are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

If we take measures to remove or disable content, we will make a good-faith attempt to contact, if applicable, the user who uploaded the content so that he or she may make a counter-notification pursuant to sections 17 U.S.C. § 512(g). Your complaint, along with your personally identifying information, may be shared with the user who uploaded the content at issue. It is our policy to document all notifications of alleged infringement on which we act. As with all legal notices, a copy of the notification may be sent to one or more third parties who may make it available to the public. Please be advised that it is Company’s policy to terminate the accounts of users that repeatedly violate these Terms of Use and/or the DMCA Policy.
If you are a user of the Services and User Content that you have stored on the Services has been removed or disabled, you may file a counter-notification pursuant to 17 U.S.C. § 512(g). To be effective, the counter-notification must be a written communication sent to the Copyright Agent listed above that
includes the following:


Your physical or electronic signature;


Identification of the material that has been removed or to which access has been disabled, and the location at which the material appeared before it was removed or access to it was disabled;


A statement under penalty of perjury that you have a good faith belief that the material was removed or disabled as a result of mistake or misidentification of the material to be removed or disabled; and


Your name, address, and telephone number, and a statement that you consent to the jurisdiction of Federal District Court for the judicial district in
which the address is located or, if your address is outside of the United States, for any judicial district in which Company may be found, and that you
will accept service of process from the person who provided notification under subsection 17 U.S.C. § 512©(1)© or an agent of such person.


7. Applicable Law and Jurisdiction
The Services are operated by Diffeo, Inc. from the United States, and we do not represent or warrant that use of the Services or any component
thereof is lawful in other jurisdictions. Access to the Service from jurisdictions where such access is illegal is prohibited. All matters arising from or relating to this Agreement and the use and operation of the Services shall be governed by the substantive laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, without regard to its conflicts of laws principles. Without derogation of the obligation to arbitrate set forth in Section 8 below, you agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in Boston, Massachusetts. If you gain access to the Services from locations outside the United States, you will be responsible for compliance with all local laws of any such other location, and in no event will you use the Services or Content in violation of U.S. export laws or regulations.
8. Dispute Resolution
All disputes arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the Services that are not resolved by mutual agreement shall be resolved exclusively by
binding arbitration before a single arbitrator (the "Arbitrator") in accordance with the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration
Association (the "AAA") then in effect (for information on the AAA and its rules, see www.adr.org.) and the further procedures set forth herein, except that each party retains the right to seek injunctive or other equitable relief in a court of competent jurisdiction to prevent the actual or threatened infringement, misappropriation or violation of a party’s copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, patents or other intellectual property rights. The arbitration shall be conducted in Boston, Massachusetts, unless the Arbitrator shall determine that that venue is not reasonably convenient to all parties,
in which case the Arbitrator shall determine another venue that is. In the event that the AAA is unavailable or unwilling to administer the arbitration,
and the parties are unable to agree to a substitute, a substitute shall be appointed by the court. The Arbitrator shall have authority to issue any and all remedies authorized by law. The arbitration shall be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act, 9 U.S.C. §§ 2 et seq. Notwithstanding any rules of the AAA to the contrary, any claims shall be adjudicated on an individual basis only, and YOU WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO BRING ANY CLAIM AS A REPRESENTATIVE OF A PROPOSED CLASS, ON AN AGGREGATED OR MASS BASIS, OR AS A PRIVATE ATTORNEY GENERAL, OR TO CONSOLIDATE ARBITRATION PROCEEDINGS WITHOUT THE CONSENT OF ALL PARTIES THERETO. Any award rendered by the Arbitrator shall be final and binding upon the parties hereto. In connection with any arbitration proceeding pursuant to this Agreement, unless the Arbitrator shall determine otherwise, each party shall bear its own costs and expenses. Notwithstanding the foregoing, you may at your option file an individual claim in any small claims court for disputes or claims within the scope of its subject matter jurisdiction if such court has personal jurisdiction. The provisions of this arbitration section will be enforceable in any court of competent jurisdiction.
9. Termination of Service
You may discontinue your use of the Services at any time. We may terminate your user account or right to access all or portions of the Services at any
time, without notice, for any reason or for no reason or for conduct that we believe violates this Agreement and/or is harmful to other users, to Diffeo, Inc., to other service or information providers, or to any third parties. After any termination of this Agreement and/or after you otherwise stop using the Services, the following will survive and remain enforceable and in full force and effect: (i) all outstanding obligations between you and us; (ii) all remedies for breach of this Agreement; and (iii) the following sections of this Agreement: 2(a), 2(b), and 2(d) (Ownership and Content); 3 (User Content); 4 (Other Websites and Services); 5 (Warranty Disclaimers, Limitations of Liability,
Indemnity); 7 (Applicable Law and Jurisdiction); 8 (Dispute Resolution); 9 (Termination of Service); and 10 (Miscellaneous).
10. Miscellaneous
No delay or omission by Diffeo, Inc. in exercising any of its rights under this Agreement will impair any such right or be construed to be a
waiver thereof, and a waiver by Diffeo, Inc. of any of the covenants, conditions or agreements to be performed by you will not be construed to be
a waiver of any succeeding breach thereof or of any other covenant, condition or agreement hereof contained. If any provision of this Agreement is found by
a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable, then this Agreement will remain in full force and effect and will be reformed to be valid
and enforceable while reflecting the intent of the parties to the greatest extent permitted by law. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, this
Agreement sets forth the entire agreement between you and Diffeo, Inc. regarding its subject matter, and supersedes all prior promises,
agreements or representations, whether written or oral, regarding such subject matter. You shall not assign or transfer this Agreement or any right or
obligation hereunder to any third party. You agree that the electronic text of this Agreement constitutes a writing and your assent to the terms and
conditions hereof constitutes a "signing" for all purposes.
You consent to receive communications from us electronically, and you agree that we may communicate with you by email or by posting notices on the
Services. You agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that we provide to you, or that you provide to us, electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing. We are not responsible for any automatic filtering that may be applied to any email notices that we send to the email address you have provided.
The effective date of these Terms of Service is June 1, 2016.
























Solutions | Diffeo 





































Diffeo Solutions




Intelligence


Open Source Intelligence Analysis (OSINT)


Supply Chain Risk Management (SCRM)


Cyber Threat Analysis


Geospatial Analysis


All-Source Analysis


Defense Intelligence


Law Enforcement


Commercial




Finance


Event-Driven Investing


Quant-Driven Investing


Private Equity


Venture Capital


Private Wealth Advisor


Sell Side




Business Consulting


Management Advisory Services


Supply Chain Risk Management (SCRM)


Anti-Fraud & Compliance


Competitive Intelligence


Financial Investment Research




Research


Natural Resources


Investigative Journalism


Pharma


Biotech


Legal Due Dilligence


Wikipedian


Other





























        Cloud Search | Diffeo
    







































You've got a special coupon code for free months!
    	Create your account!



Hey Beta Testers! Thanks a ton for helping us out. Click here to skip our wait list!
    	Start searching today!



You have powerful friends - Thanks to them you can skip our wait list!
    	Start searching today!



Psst! Alfred users - Get instant access today, sign up to skip our waitlist!
    	Start searching today!



Welcome Netted readers! We've hit the 500 person limit, but you can still sign up for the waitlist!
    






One search bar for all of your files

                    Search your Desktop, Google Drive, Dropbox, Gmail, Evernote, and everything else as easily as you’d search the Internet.
                






Create your account!

 Watch our demo



Watch the demo
Create your account!







David Allen




Getting Things Done eBook






The Art of Stress-Free Productivity
      






Stand Up Minutes






Re: Stand Up Minutes






Pitchdeck v1.0






Here's Pitch Deck v1.0














All your files, one place to search
Cloud Search links with your Dropbox, Google Drive, Evernote and other cloud accounts, as well as your devices and hard drives, so you can access and share any file from one simple interface.







Find the right file, instantly
Cloud Search ranks your search results so the file you’re looking for is always right at the top. With results in the blink of an eye, you’ll spend less time searching and more time getting things done.







Forget about remembering
Don’t remember what you named a file? Or specific content from the file? No worries! Our powerful search engine allows you to search by concepts and topics as well.







Smart Tags keep you organized
Our engine automatically tags all of your documents so you don’t have to take time out of your day to organize. It also learns from your behavior so the more you use it, the better your Smart Tags get.







Seamlessly integrated with all of your cloud services

...and more on the way!






Get organized, effortlessly.
Take control of your files. With insanely fast and comprehensive search, you can access any document at the drop of a hat - and you don’t even need to know the filename! 


Watch the demo











Start saving time.
We waste 4 hours each week searching for lost files. That's a weeklong vacation every year! Take back your 4 hours with Diffeo Cloud Search.






Sign up for early access



Sign up for early access


















































Pricing | Diffeo
























Choose the Solution That's Right for You





 Cloud Search
Search all your cloud accounts in one place.


$10
user/month



Create Account



Intelligent, real time search across your content
Seamless cloud drive integrations
Local desktop search with a lightweight client
Search analytics improve future results




Available 



Coming Soon






Advanced Discovery Toolbox
Uncover the whole story while you read and write.


$150
user/month



More Information



Knowledge discovery across the entire Web
Connect to familiar tools like OneNote, Word, Outlook
Researches as you type to surface relevant results
Visual representation of entities you’re researching




Coming Soon



Available


Includes Cloud Search




Deploy Diffeo in your private cloud with  Diffeo Enterprise.






























 




	DIFFEO Trademark of Diffeo, Inc.. Serial Number: 86489287 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Computer & Software Products & Electr...
DIFFEO










 
Get FREE email alerts













DIFFEO  Trademark Information
 Diffeo, Inc.
Computer software for accessing, retrieving, analyzing, delivering, compiling, processing, sharing, and displaying text, information and references from the Internet and intranets; computer software for creating indices of text, information and references; computer software for text mining and knowledge management; computer software for reference matching, namely, matching input by user and relevant text, information and references from the In...
Text mining; Creating, maintaining and providing temporary access of non-downloadable software for accessing, retrieving, analyzing, delivering, compiling, processing, sharing, and displaying text, information and references from the Internet and intranets; Hosting software for others, namely, software for accessing, retrieving, analyzing, delivering, compiling, processing, sharing, and displaying text, information and references from the Inte...




Perfect for these industries

Computer & Software Products & Electrical & Scientific Products
Computer & Software Services & Scientific Services





Words that describe this mark
software   accessing      retrieving      analyzing      delivering      compiling      processing      sharing      displaying   text      information   references   internet   intranets   software   creating   indices   text    
                                    




This is a brand page for the DIFFEO trademark by Diffeo, Inc. 
                                in Cambridge, MA, 02138.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this DIFFEO trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner Diffeo, Inc. of the DIFFEO trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the DIFFEO trademark.
                           






On Tuesday, December 23, 2014,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        DIFFEO by 
                        Diffeo, Inc., Cambridge, MA  02138.
                        The USPTO has given the DIFFEO 
                        trademark serial  number of  86489287.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is REGISTERED.
                        The correspondent listed for DIFFEO is 
                        
                        
                                            KAREN WON of 
                                            COOLEY LLP,  1299 PENNSYLVANIA AVENUE NW, SUITE 700, WASHINGTON, DC 20004 
                                .
                            The DIFFEO trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Computer & Software Products & Electrical & Scientific Products
                                , 
                                    Computer & Software Services & Scientific Services
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for DIFFEO 
                            is Computer software for accessing, retrieving, analyzing, delivering, compiling, processing, sharing, and displaying text, information and references from the Internet and intranets; computer software for creating indices of text, information and references; computer software for text mining and knowledge management; computer software for reference matching, namely, matching input by user and relevant text, information and references from the Internet and intranets for delivery to user. 
                            





Word mark:
 DIFFEO


  Status/Status Date:  


REGISTERED

1/26/2016



  Serial Number:  
86489287


  Filing Date:  
12/23/2014


 Registration Number:  
4893646 


 Registration Date:  
1/26/2016


 Goods and Services: 
Computer software for accessing, retrieving, analyzing, delivering, compiling, processing, sharing, and displaying text, information and references from the Internet and intranets; computer software for creating indices of text, information and references; computer software for text mining and knowledge management; computer software for reference matching, namely, matching input by user and relevant text, information and references from the Internet and intranets for delivery to user


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
6/16/2015


Last Applicant/Owner:

Diffeo, Inc.Cambridge, MA  02138
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Standard Character Mark


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 (NOT AVAILABLE)


 Correspondent:


KAREN WON
COOLEY LLP
1299 PENNSYLVANIA AVENUE NW, SUITE 700
WASHINGTON, DC 20004






 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (009) - Scientific, nautical, surveying, photographic, cinematographic, optical, weighing, measuring, signalling, checking (supervision), life-saving and teaching apparatus and instruments; apparatus and instruments for conducting, switching, transforming, accumulating, regulating or controlling electricity; apparatus for recording, transmission or reproduction of sound or images; magnetic data carriers, recording discs; automatic vending machines and mechanisms for coin operated apparatus; cash registers, calculating machines, data processing equipment and computers; fire extinguishing apparatus.


First Use Anywhere: 
12/1/2012


First Use In Commerce: 
12/1/2012




Primary Class: 
 Class (042) - Scientific and technological services and research and design relating thereto; industrial analysis and research services; design and development of computer hardware and software. 


First Use Anywhere: 
12/1/2012


First Use In Commerce: 
12/1/2012





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your DIFFEO trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

1/26/2016
REGISTERED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



KAREN WON


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of DIFFEO trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search diffeo on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for DIFFEO 




DIFFEO is providing Computer software for accessing, retrieving, analyzing, delivering, compiling, processing, sharing, and displaying text, information and references from the Internet and intranets; computer software for creating indices of text, information and references; computer software for text mining and knowledge management; computer software for reference matching, namely, matching input by user and relevant text, information and references from the Internet and intranets for delivery to user.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 




















Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version
















DIFFEO INC Cambridge MA, 02138 - Cortera Company Profile
















cortera. business directory



Create
								Account
Login
Developers





Search Cortera for a Business









State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Puerto Rico
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming














Home
Business
							Directory
Business Services
Diffeo Inc
Cortera Support: 866-589-0664







Diffeo Inc



15 Crescent St

Cambridge,
							
							
							 MA
							
							
							 02138-1907
							
							 |  view map


(617) 899-2066

						Looking for more information? Sign
							up for FREE!







Company Overview

DIFFEO INC is in the Equipment Rental and Leasing, N.E.C. industry in Cambridge, MA.  This company currently has approximately 1 to 5 employees  and  annual sales of Under $500,000.













Company Details

Location Type:
						Single Location
					

Industry:
						Equipment Rental and Leasing, N.E.C.
					

Ownership: Private
						
					

Year Founded:
						2015
					

Sales Range:
						Under $500,000
					

Employees:
						1 to 5


     
    
   
  

						Have fresher information?  Update
















Latest Company News


Diffeo Buys Cloud Search Tech Developer Meta Search Government Contract Wire




READ ALL COMPANY NEWS IN THE
									COMPLETE COMPANY CREDIT REPORT







Recent Company Alerts

Credit Risk Increase
No


Overall Payments
No


Peer Payments
No


Public Records
No


Financial News

Yes













								Alerts on more than 5,000 companies today,
								including:
							

Ideal Construction CO


RAM Enterprises Inc


University of Alaska Fairbanks


Montgomery Marine Repair


Walbro


Coats Electric CO Inc


Mitchell Industrial Contractors Inc


Barnes & Noble


Southern Cleaning Service Inc


Hammer & CO








Community Payment Ratings
















								LATEST COMMUNITY REVIEWS OF THIS COMPANY
								
							

Cortera is much more than an awesome business
									directory! It's an active community where real business people
									share the real deal on real businesses.

It's invaluable intel
										that's now available for FREE.



Get the inside scoop with ratings and reviews on Diffeo Inc
Rate Diffeo Inc on their
										payment behavior
									
Ask your network about Diffeo Inc
										with Cortera Circles
									


Join
										the Cortera Community for free today.
								








The information contained in this company profile is compiled from third party sources, including but not limited to public records, user submissions, and other commercially available data sources. These sources may not be accurate, complete, or up-to-date. 
Cortera makes no representations or warranties regarding, and assumes no responsibility for, the accuracy, completeness, or currency of the information contained herein. 
Cortera products are enabled by SOFIE™, our proprietary technology platform for rapid data processing, robust analytics and flexible data access.











© 2017 Cortera, Inc. All rights reserved.

Sitemap





Cortera Support: 866-589-0664 |
How Does it Work? |
Who
					Do We Help? |
Company Profiles |
Community
				|
Media
				|
About






Today's
					Hot Company Profiles

VOLUME REVERSAL SURVEY
VOGT JAMES B MD
VUDEN INC
VOLATUS MAXIMUS LLC
VOGUE
VOORHEES ARIZONA TASTE INC
VORA SHAILESH C MD
VOLTAIRE
W & B TRUCKING INC
VOLUNTEERS OF AMERICA INC

More
							Today's Hot Companies »



Recently
					Updated Companies

CONTORNO INC
JL LOPER CONSTRUCTION
AIR CONDITIONING SEC
POWERHOUSE INDUSTRIAL SUPPLY INC
SPIRES PHILLIP CONSTRUCTION
GOODY 2 SHOES
WESTERN SUN SHUTTLE INC
L & L MACHINE TOOL
ADVENT I LLC
CROSS COUNTY BANCSHARES INC

More
								Recently Updated Companies »



Recently
					Rated Company Profiles

PANALPINA INC
STINGER WELDING INC
MD THOMAS CONSTRUCTION LLC
AZURADISC
JR BALL CONTRACTING GROUP INC
SUNSTAR HEATING & AIRE
LAW OFFICES OF SUSAN M SCHAUF
IDEAL TRUE VALUE INC
SLT EXPRESS WAY INC
GLOBAL MERCHANDISING INC

More
								Recently Rated Companies »



Industry Directory




Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy





 
  
 

 

  
















Diffeo Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg




































































  









Feedback























diffeo inc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Technology
Industry: Software
Sub-Industry: Application Software
Diffeo, Inc. provides software solutions. The Company offers search and discovery tools. Diffeo serves customers in the State of Massachusetts.




Corporate Information
Address:

15 Crescent Street
Cambridge, MA 02138
United States


Phone:
-


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.diffeo.com























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data












































 




Diffeo Login






















Login



Email or Username



Password



Login



 Forgot password 


















Diffeo Launches Collaborative Knowledge Boards







































































News»

GIS News

GIS Weekly

GIS Magazine

Corporate Newsletters

Newsgroups

Submit News


Events»

GIS Events

Submit New Event

Purchase Webinar Listing


Tutorials

Jobs

Catalog»

Company Directory

Product Catalog

Submit


Videos»

GIS Videos

Submit New Video

Submit New YouTube Video


Downloads»

Technical Papers

Articles

Case Studies

GIS Presentations

More Categories

Submit New Download


Resources»

Universities

Government


Blogs

Forums

Books

Advertise»

GIS Media Kit

Banner Ad Specifications

eMail Blast Specifications

Inquire









Home
News
Events
Tutorials
Jobs
Catalog
Videos
Downloads
Resources
Blogs
Forums
Books
Advertise







Diffeo Launches Collaborative Knowledge Boards

  |  | Rate | Review | More GIS News









Tweet













Rate This Article



 5 Stars 
 4 Stars 
 3 Stars 
 2 Stars 
 1 Star 














CAMBRIDGE, Mass., June  02, 2017  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- 
Diffeo, the AI-powered research assistant company, 
announced today that it is launching a powerful new feature -- collaborative Knowledge Boards -- at GEOINT 2017 in San Antonio, Texas. Diffeo Knowledge Boards enable analysts to uncover connections across the Web and private data sets while working together on the same visual knowledge graph. Analysts can thereby benefit from one another’s expertise, aided by Diffeo’s AI-powered research assistants that look for relationships hidden in massive data sets in multiple languages and from multiple sources.


Diffeo’s collaborative machine intelligence platform integrates with your familiar tools, such as Microsoft Office and Firefox, acting as a personal research assistant that scours the Internet and local files, so that it can recommend content that fills in knowledge gaps –– even before you think of searching.  The Diffeo platform is a new form of federated data integration that uses machine learning to pull together data from disparate data sources, such as Dropbox, Google Drive, Slack, Evernote, and behind-the-firewall data sources such as private email servers and shared drives, as well as from the open Internet. “Diffeo’s interactive Knowledge Boards expose our platform’s collaborative machine intelligence in a totally new way for entire teams of people,” said Keith Gabryelski, Director of Client Architecture. “This takes our integration of machine learning and human intelligence to a new, collaborative level.” “Multiple analysts often work concurrently on the same research--especially emergent events. This is the first tool I’ve seen that allows the machine learning to directly accelerate the collaborative discovery process,” said Cogan Culver, Diffeo Intel SME. “Our customers’ success depends on the ability to accelerate discovery and give back time for an analyst to perform their primary mission. Diffeo’s collaborative machine intelligence meets these key requirements across the Community,” explained Geof Milstein, Vice President of Federal. “This takes augmented intelligence to a whole new level.” Visit us at Booth 1623 at GEOINT. 
About Diffeo: Diffeo is a Boston-based startup developing a platform for augmenting human intelligence by creating machine-in-the-loop experiences that transform people’s ability to understand and use vast bodies of unstructured information. Diffeo's mission is to accelerate the creation of knowledge.  Insights from Diffeo systems are enabling people to understand their world, make superior decisions, uncover connections that reveal stories, create new intelligent experiences, and contextualize emergent events. Diffeo's first application of augmented intelligence is an AI-powered research assistant that appears within familiar tools such as Chrome and Microsoft Outlook, and recommends critical content from the Internet and private data stores. The Diffeo agent pulls data from disparate sources and collaborates with the user to uncover crucial connections. The Diffeo assistant is being deployed in many knowledge-driven enterprises and the most critical government institutions across the world. Diffeo’s products are available for US Government customers on 
Carahsoft Technology Corp. GSA Schedule No. GS-35F-0119Y. For more information contact Geof Milstein at Diffeo at 703-389-6288. Finance, consulting and other commercial customers interested in Diffeo’s products should contact Jason Briggs, 
jason@diffeo.com at 413-663-1457. 






 Be the first to review this article











Related News
Harris Corporation Awarded $500 Million IDIQ Contract to Improve Data Search Capability for National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency
Cubic’s GATR Technologies Introduces Highly Portable Satellite Tracking Imaging Ground Station
Voyager Search Makes Its Search Engine Smarter With New Natural Language Processing Feature In Version 1.9.9
Harris Corporation Worldwide Maritime Tracking Technology Now Operational; Tracking 250,000 Ships

More News 


Featured Video










Jeff Young, Manager of Global Business Development
LizardTech












Brant Howard, CEO
CompassCom












Arjaan Buijk, Tech Business Dev Manager
Hexagon












Chris Ahern, Marketing Manager
DOTProduct LLC












John Allan, VP Sales & Marketing
GeoSLAM












Dustin Sutton, President
3-GIS












Scott Mahrle, Development Manager, SMART Quality Lead
Hexagon












Patrick Quigley, VP & GM North America
Nearmap






 Submit | More Videos 


Sponsored Videos








David Holdstock, CEO
Geographic Technologies Group













Chip Carr, Business Development
NVIDIA













Ken Grob, Director, Embedded Technology
Elma Electronic





 Submit | More Videos 



GIS Corporate Newsletter




Harris Developments Newsletter - Summer 2017

Trimble Geospatial Newsletter June 2017
More Newsletters 




Important Notices




Map Smarter with MapSmart on Android
More Notices 



Jobs


Estimator / Bidder for Rulon International at Saint Augustine, FL

Submit Resume | 
Post Jobs | 
More Jobs 


Upcoming Events
Expedition Hackathon at 5540 N. Lamar Blvd Austin TX - Jul 29 - 30, 2017
2017 National Geospatial Preparedness Summit at University of Alabama Tuscaloosa - Aug 7 - 9, 2017
The Free and Open Source Software For Geospatial (FOSS4G 2017) conference at  Boston MA - Aug 14 - 19, 2017
Call for Participation: 15th International Symposium on Spatial and Temporal Databases (SSTD 2017) at  Washington, D.C. area VA - Aug 21 - 23, 2017

Submit | More Events 






















































  



	© 2017 Internet Business Systems, Inc.
	595 Millich Dr., Suite 216, Campbell, CA 95008
	+1 (408)-337-6870 — Contact Us, or visit our other sites:








 
Privacy Policy












